{"Bubble Champion": ["After playing this super Bubble Champion for only 25 days and i have reached level 1,700. Players will get Free Boosters for all the levels and the given moves are always generous thus making the levels not very difficult. This game is excellent. P/S: Why level 1703 given so less moves?", "waiting patiently for the next levels to come up. seems to be taking a very long long time. it is now amost Jan 2019 and new levels have still not been put up", "l love this game . even my grandchildren like it so much .l am nervous waiting for the next level", "just that I can't stop playing", "I love playing the game it gets my mind off of things.", "Really awesome and nice game !!!I loved it\u2764", "freezes Often,stinks!", "Great game but more graphics would have been better we all feel nice game", "Fun game. I just keep going back to it.", "good game i am pass all levals in 30days", "Very good game for enjoy & time pass", "I love playing this game,is good for me and is lovely to be playing", "It's hours of fun.", "I love this game even my mom like to play this \ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a", "plays really well, smooth graphics", "poo its just great(!!!)", "very addictive", "need more games", "acces", "great so far", "very addictive", "Love the games \u263a", "nice", "good", "Love this game!!", "i loved it", "additive", "adictive", "fun", "its amazing", "lick it good", "fun", "good", "fine", "Tooo\u00f2oooooo many Videos. If i don't want to watch one to get the ridiculous 3 extra balls that is offered a video comes up any way. I zap them out rightaway. The 3 balls offered is the most ridiculous thing. Most of the time you have to see 2 videos to complete the mission. That is why i just start ...Full Review", "Wish I didnt update this app, been playing this game along time and loved it but new update I will be deleting and finding something else. You messed up a great app", "Game is not challenging at all. If you want to be proud of yourself to solve some hard things - that it is not a good choice. But if you want just relax it is excellent. Nothing will annoys you", "Very very excited game.. 1st time i continue long time... No time limit.. I like this system", "Nice game but at some point its difficult n will want to give up nice game and very addictive", "Very good indeed. It steals your time all the time!"], "Pou": ["It is very nice and I liked it a lot. Still I have a few suggestions: Add a \nschool where you can teach many pous at the same time (including your own \none). And when Pou becomes an adult,make many jobs so that Pou can sign in \nand we can get bonus money. Please add a library where Pou can read book...Full Review", "Loved it. My first smartphone game from years a go, hahah. The graphic's not the best, but the minigames are fun! And no matter what, Pou is just so cute\ud83d\udc95 I'm not into pet-care kinda games, but I'll make sure to take good care of him. It's also great the game is still constantly being updated, too....Full Review", "The game itself is very good. I have Samsung products and Apple products at home - Apple makes you pay for the game which is an extreme inconvenience. I also find that the needs decay a bit too quickly which means I need to check every hour or so, I understand that it is the method of marketing but ...Full Review", "Great game, worth downloading, plenty to do, notifications can be turned off, all the little clothes and accessories are cute, just wish there were more wigs and I kinda want sweaters to be a clothing item on here, normal or turtle necked, with different pattern options like striped, polka dots, flo...Full Review", "I think this game is really cool. The only reason I deleted it was because I heard of a rumor that ZEPETO tracks you. They stated you can hear a faint calling noise as if you are being called and recorded. It was proven to be false but I was still freaking out. I went onto this app and her the same ...Full Review", "In sky jump, when you reach the universe it starts lagging and I lose. I don't know if only me has this problem, but it's the only game that lags on my phone. If this will change I'll change my review to 5 stars", "Been playing this game on and off since I've owned a smartphone; for years. \nMy favorite part is the mini games. The noise pou makes when you try to \ngive them something they don't want is great too! Mmmnooo!", "First of all, everyone here is saying that Pou is a poo, as in poop like feces, but he is actually an alien. Just saying. Second of all this game is so fun!! Pou is legitimately adorable, and the games are fun! An overall cute and easy game. WARNING: Pou requires a lot of care. If you leave him alon...Full Review", "My special needs daughter loves this game but she wants to keep him as a baby. Is there any way we can do this. We try deleting and reinstall but he still comes back as an adult. I can't keep paying for baby potion !", "I love this game so much that l never spend a day without playing it. The thing that surprises me is that it has a lots of fun games in it. I got this game about a month ago and I already love it.l cant wait for him to grow up and become an adult...now his 7 years old.", "Oh my pou and poutastic! AMAZING! GOOD GREAT TIME KILLER AND HILLARIOS! AMAZINGGGGGGGGGG YOOOOOOHHHOOOOO YEAH right baby guys hahahaha submit no just 1 only cloth picker right and antman shirt hahahaha Merry christmas in the philippines & Happy new year! Have a good day/night! (Christian atenas) Oct...Full Review", "Pou is probably the first game I have ever had as a kid, and I still love it. The game does need improvements though as where, you could add a library that Pou and me could check out, also you could put it where a few books cost money. Also, you should put lots of holiday things like, when it is Chr...Full Review", "Fix/update this game please!!!!! This has always been a very enjoyable experience with very enjoyable, and sometimes very time consuming, mini games. My negativity is limited to the fact that the gameplay and control is so terrible on my new phone (Moto G6) that it is practically impossible to use t...Full Review", "This is like your taking care of a baby to adult because you wash it use \nmoney to buy food and buy clothes and medicines background and more I think \nit's a good game. It also has more game as the pou playing it so it like \nentertainment if. I was you I would play it but only if u don't want to \nki...Full Review", "Im getting bored currently at lvl 43. And to get to next lvl is anoying, as u hv to play the same thing repeativly. And im not as addictive as i once were. Pls add more game n add more fun to interact with pou, i like touching pou body n make it laugh. But thts the only thing i knw tht cn mke it lau...Full Review", "is a good game format could be imporved for example there could be more animals to choose from almost all of the skin colors and clothing is way to expensive considering that is not that big of a deal I love the mini games they are just fine would recommend it for more for kids then adalts is easy t...Full Review", "The games are absolutely unfair. Especially beach volleyball. I feel like \nI'm playing against an expert which I'm not because I'm playing on easy. I \nthink maybe y'all should make the games a little bit more easy because I \nmean I'm a teenager and I can't even beat some of the games. So I couldn't ...Full Review", "I encountered two problems. 1. Sometimes, when I want to visit a pou, the game crashes and when I reopen the game, it loads to my last save. 2. Once, when I played the goal minigame (the soccer minigame) and missed, the ball went over my pou. Other than that, it's a good game.", "I got this app when I was around 10 or 9 years old, I frickin LOVED it I \nplayed it literally all the time. I remember the bunny suit I had gotten, \nit was blue, and my sister had the yellow one, I was on level like 60 \nsomething. I'm 13 now and I got it again. Great game!", "This game is fantastic and super I think you should try this game you can improve this game by celebrating pou's birthday and giving it a name. When pou is small send it to school and when it grows up send it to job You can also set the gender (male or female)for pou or else it is a a very nice game", "This is a cute game with good graffics and hardly any adds! Which is hard to find, most colours are easy to get and the character and pets are great. I would say the only room for improvement would be allowing you to have more than one pou at a time. Great game, great time waster.", "Oh my god! So you know the microphone thing right? Well it can mimic all \nsorts of sounds. I put on my favorite song Re: birthed and Pou mimicked the \nentire song! It was hilarious! It was like an Alvin and the chipmunks \nremix! \ud83d\ude06", "OMG it's so cute but what is pou he's sooooo cute and adorable. He's like a \ndog and my mom used tamagachi pets my mom gave me like keys because we \ndidn't have toy keys and it had the panda tamagachi. \ud83d\udc15 So Cute.", "I love it and I play it every Day. The only thing is that I realy like my pou when it was a baby, But now it has grown and I will have to pay to get it little again and I dont want to do that so could you please not charge real money, thanks ;-)", "The games on it are great apart from beach volleyball which is impossible even if I'm on easy.I also have some things you should add to make it better like a town, jobs , holiday bands and a school to go with inside and outside.", "This is the best pet game the pous are colorful this is im saying i love it so match the grafics is cool abd the games are beautiful and colirful thanks i hope you like my review allways you can build a another game like pou2 pou3 pou4 pou5 pou6 pou7 pou8 pou9 pou10 and last 1 is legendary pou ultim...Full Review", "I love this really cool game and it is super duple fun. I only play this but I do not sleep as it is much better than going to bed. This game is family to me it will always be with me until I'm 110", "This is amazing i can't stop saying amazing because it OUTSTANDING and \nsooooo awsome because pou is really cute funny and have cool mini games and \npou is lovly for me and cute while i feed him and thank you for making this \ngame and soooooooooo cool little foods and lovely flowers in his \nOUTSTAND...Full Review", "I liked it was great no ads and also pou is cute when he's a baby and the graphics is great even eyes shine brite fricken fun bro and someon plz play and downlod this game now!! For free omg bes game everrrrrrrrrr", "I LIKE THE GAME BUT I THINK ITS KIND OF BORING BECAUSE IF YOU ONLY HAVE A \nCERTAIN AMOUNT OF ENERGY YOU HAVE TO WAIT SOOOOOOOO LONG FOR IT TO CHARGE \nUP AGAIN MAYBE PER MINUTE IT COULD BE 3% BUT ITS OK OTHER THAN \nTHAT,#poutastic.", "I don't know if I am more disgusted with the game or the liars reviewing \nit. This game is complete trash unless you enjou playing with actual poo, \nand not the pou this game wants you to play with. My advice would be to \navoid this game like you would avoid a dog with rabies.", "Its really boring because all you do is wash him,feed him,play with him and go outside with him. To make the game better you could just do one where you can take him to space and that is what will get you a 5 out of rating.\ud83d\ude0a", "My friend drew a cute starving pou at my school, and told me to download it because it was such a cute game! And shes right 100%! Its so cute and so much fun!:D", "Ah, I remember playing this as a kid. I would go on my android tablet and check on my pou throughout the day to make sure he was happy. I didnt think I'd find it again but I did and this gave me so much nostalgia. Nothing changed and I love it. Its still as fun and addicting as I remember, but there...Full Review", "I can't stop\u26d4\ud83d\ude45 Laughing at this game. One of the best\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udcaf Entertaining \napplications\ud83d\udc49\ud83d\udcf1 that I've ever seen. Bravo.. To a Brilliant and Funny\ud83d\ude0b \nDeveloper", "I think it is a very good game I love the ideas the creator made but plis can u add more things and make the store stuff cheaper and can their be lots of parties that pou can attend to with other pous", "I love this game. It's fun and a good time killer. I just have one problem with the multiplayer games. It never lets me play. Even when my sisters are on. I am still gonna play the game just without multiplayer I guess.\ud83d\ude41", "I think that this game is a complete waste of time because you get your \nfirst message with the game saying welcome and stuff and then you check out \nthe house. Then when you get back to the Kitchen the message comes up \nagain!! It also said that I had to clean it so I went to the bathroom and \nthe ...Full Review", "Awesome! Compared to my boo and other games like it, this one is the best. It's goal isn't to make money, but to let the player have fun. Love the mini games. \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\ude01", "This game is very good already got 3579 coins .but very fat he is he is as \nfat as a pig no guys I really really hope that you guys will really do \nsomething that will make me proud and you know that you guys I'm a YouTuber \nfollow the Dragon lady dragon I meant you know people are really good so \nI...Full Review"], "Slotomania\u2122 Slots - Vegas Casino Slot Games": ["Very hard to win and if you do game takes it back just as quick. Wants you to spend real $$ to try and win. Very hard to get sloto cards needed, hard to win ace packs when playing an ace featured game. Even to get free spins is hard. Thought this was supposed to be FREE and FUN.", "Enjoy the games. It is addictive. Wish the payouts were a little more consistent. They are really good or non-existant. Right now they are ok. Still my favorite. why is it so hard to get sloto cards now?", "I'm happy Sloto Cards are back! I have a love/hate view of this game, but I still play because it's one of the better slot games available. I'm loving the new changes.", "you can't win unless you buy stuff...and the power up doesn't work so don't buy it. I'm done with this game. Save your money and go to the real casino...Now it didn't let me finish my free spins!", "I love this game really fun to play lots of stuff to choose from like the real casino. Just less expensive and you can play for hours whenever, where ever you are.", "the game has its ups and downs , more downs depends on the money you spend \ud83d\ude0f", "This is starting to get annoying i just spent 1 billion coins got no free spins or bonus games. A NEW RANT ABOUT THIS GAME YOUR LOSE TO WIN RATIO IS HEAPS HAVE NOT HAD A WIN IN 2WEEKS LOST ALMOST 5O BILLION COINS I THINKING OF DELETING THE APP", "Lots of fun. Only problem is they are very greedy with coins.", "This casino game have all the games that i love to play.", "don't quite understand the entire game and coins but maybe someone could tell me how to do it?", "after your update I and my friends are not able to log on to the game anymore......", "The games are addictive and fun, but when I have to restart my phone (and other friends) it is very frustrating. Can you do something about it?", "can't play won't bring game up black screen", "either store bonus or lucys gift sbould now be gems", "Love playing Slotomanias great fun", "Great slots game, enjoy my win but throw my tablet often because of losing streaks, don't mind spending money but hate to spend and see it disappear so quickly", "great game lots of fun", "Same old crud", "slotsvare a bit slow but its fun passes time for sure.", "These games are fun!", "FREE DOWNLOAD PAY TO PLAY", "It is the best slot app so far great graphics and kills time", "Awesome!!", "fun games good graphics slow to load great bonuses", "giving me a hard time", "about time i start winning a little", "the game wont open up", "I really like it thanks for the big wins need more please", "My favourite past time!", "Love the graphics and the rewards. Great way to pass the time.", "I want to win more....", "Hard to win much. Very few bonuses. Very few big wins.", "Or some", "Lots of fun! Enjoy it", "enjoy it very much.", "Loads of fun!", "love the new game", "additing great game", "Addicting", "love this game."], "Modern Warplanes: Combat Aces PvP Skies Warfare": ["Excellent, un-put-downable, favorite game! Game needs customizable AI (War Auto-Pilot). Airplane, Weapons, Altitude, Speed, Selecting, Targeting, Firing, Surviving. With these settings my AI Airplane should fight itself for me. I will only watch my AI, how it fights. AI wins, who has best settings. ...Full Review", "The Good: *Nice Gameplay *Nice jet(s) designs *Like how i can ply online worldwide. The Bad: *Improve the graphics just a lil bit more. *The area selection is good but... you guys can do better than (2) area selections. *The silver grind time can also be better. *Daily award could be a lil better th...Full Review", "should be able to use multiple weapons. should be able to enhance the planes and weapons to compete with any plane. should be able to watch as many adds i want to collect money or premium minutes. stop trying to rip people off.. I'm not paying that much for any weapon or plane. THEN after my review ...Full Review", "Game is fun, but is very grindy. I think it needs to be more realistic. Add more views like cockpit view, make locking on better, and throttle control. Controls are also jerky occasionally. The only thing that upsets me is the price of the 3 \"unknown fighters.\" 99 dollars!?!?! On a mobile game!? Eve...Full Review", "Great game fantastic war planes, good control ,realistic view. Good time pass all day. I would suggest you to add more landscapes n cockpit views , Add more weapons. why not add mission based on real wars n battles as AntiTank, AntiShip , SAM's etc etc.", "i love this game but ive watched some videos on YouTube and it seems on other people's screen they have the option to buy equipment with gold or silver ..in my app certain items can be purchased with only one of the two so i don't know what that's all about.. also im npt sure what is the point of th...Full Review", "the game was very thriling in the first few days.but soon got boring.the graphics are very good. it would be good if u make it more intresting( i seriously dont know whats making d game boring after a few days). but then i would recommend this game if you are planning to play for day or two", "I think the makers of this game did a great job!!! Although you should do an update and give us clan options, personal invites to one another, some competitions and possibly a New Map. We need some options and abilities that'll give us things to look forward too and keep us playing. That would be pr...Full Review", "half decent graphics, other than that its adverts, wanting money for gold and possibly one of the worst flight sim type games out there when it comes to game play. don't bother with this. get war wings instead. no throttle control, can't tell if you have missile lock and automatic firing of machine ...Full Review", "awesome and addicting game. only issue is it takes some time to level up and you get owned pretty fast when your in the newb plane. theres of course the options to buy upgrades but. you can work your way up for free.", "Really cool game but graphics and controls are not as good as they could be and the support team is the best I have seen in a long time they have gone above and beyond", "It's a spawn killing simulator. You load into a game and already have a missile lock. live about 10 seconds and die. spawn again for the same thing to happen.", "The game seems good at first then becomes very monotonous and boring, with silver being a very very slow grind.", "it's a nice gaming experience..love it but it's quite difficult to unluck planes I would love too use..", "Terrible game match up. Lousy tutorial. Worse dog fight game i've ever encountered. Unbalanced match up. Unfriendly match up for beginners.", "how do I recover my old account. i have unlock all the planes and i lost my phone so whenever I downloaded it again I lost all of them", "it is a fun game so many, weapons jets, and camoflages", "BEST GAME STILL. BRST FLYING GAME. MORE OPTIONS FOR PLANE AND AREA PLEASE!", "This game is horrible! The worst game I've ever played.", "bad control, not interesting", "looks fun but wants access to my google drive. no ty", "app keeps closing out on me making me lose my progress", "It controls are easy there are different types of missions and amazing aircrafts.you should update it and and more weapons", "great game. grafics are exelent", "it's great .I mean awesome. thankful for your response", "It is one of best games i ever played...", "blahh ada blah blah blah, blahdy blah bla blah ha!", "great game great graphics and best multi player ive played in the world", "cooo game but the controls are wack", "Ma not happy to this game \ud83d\ude1e\ud83d\ude1e", "this game is my favorite jet fighting game", "Kool, nice graphics, and very challenging", "i love this game!!!!(it is wounderful)", "Awesome controls and gameplay but doesn't run smoothly on some phones.", "Great time playing the game", "I wish there are other payment method", "it s fun its very easy to use and i like to play it alot .", "nice gaming app", "this is a reality.", "nice experience"], "My Talking Tom 2": ["it was fun and so awesome I LOVE playing with kayla it is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo FUN!!!!!!!! I hope whoever's reading this will get the app only thing I don't like was, MY BROTHER SAID I WAS A BOY\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude20IN THIS AND I GOT SOOOOOOOO MAD IT HIM I WISH U COULD DO A THI...Full Review", "I'm a huge fan of outfit7, and I am VERY proud to say that this is their second best game yet! (ttgr is best) My little brother installed this on his kindle, so I gave it a try. The graphics and gameplay are amazing! I love how tom won't just stand there, he will move around and get squirmy like a n...Full Review", "This app was fine... lots of annoying ads, but not that big of a deal. The reason I'm giving one star is because this morning i hear my son say \"a picture of a moms privates\" I asked what he was taling abkuy and he shows me a pop up of alternating X-Rated photos.", "I like it, however I would like more room in the space game, because there are so many people playing, and maybe 3 or 5 lives in it too. Way to many ads. As well as the app needs an offline mode. Also you need a Space Trails app.", "This app is great. Although, when I got it, it was glitchy. Tom's room, where the bed is, it is very glitchy. I try and color, but the coloring pages are black, so are the crayons it also gets glitchy. I reset, but it still didnt work. I find it very strange. Another glitch is the thought bubble. It...Full Review", "stored unity ads cache on my phone. not happy and uninstalling. the app is bugged and does not have a .nomedia file for these ads. do not get this if you favor your storage space", "This is a very good game. Tom has a lot of mini games, toys and even a private aeroplane in which he can ride to different lands as his levels upgrade and he grows. He even has a refrigator in which there are many scrumptious food which has watered my mouth and will water yours too.He sometimes gets...Full Review", "I can't connect Google.... because this app doesn't show the option to connect top Google. I can't save my game.... I have to start all over again whenever I switch to a new phone!", "It so amazing if there was a way you can get coins while playing will be amazing When I connect to the internet the game keep on getting ads every time it disrupts the game and it becomes hard to control and it not every time the content of the ad is good if they made the ad outfit 7 based it will b...Full Review", "when I was small I have surely played this game a lot a lot a lot but never post a message this is my first time to write my review and this game is the blockbuster games I like this game a lot and if you want if you want to download this game please one time check the reviews and then download it T...Full Review", "it's good at first day of installing but it started lagging (running very slow) now. and also tom doesn't reply back at the time we speak. It reply after 3 to 4 seconds and doesnt talk as similar..although games r good", "soooooooo cool man im tiara and this morning i said I'm going to download my talking tom like OMG OMG sooo funny like how did i know that this game was here so y'all people who download this game take care of tom please \ud83d\ude4f i going to say anything that has happened to tom y'all hits him stop!! nooooo...Full Review", "as a good person I want to tell you that this is the most popular and incredible game this is the journey to adventure. So if u are a person who always looks for adventure this is the best thing for you like how much you love your pet this can be better than for you ever \ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude43\ud83d\ude1a\ud83d\ude43\ud83d\ude43", "I don't have much time to play with him, so he'a bit neglected :( He's adorablee though, and I love his little pets. We go flying when I have the time. Lol", "this game is really good so why I have given five star because I noted that the town talk like me only and my and my small brother he also like that why I have given five star thank you please give us more games to understood this is very interesting game but I have not interested please give more", "Is there any error? I can't find Chinese New Year gifts or destination nowhere! And there're no more colours added for the drawing. If I'm wrong then please tell me where & how to find them please", "This app is great fun it's slow at times but that might just be my phone .It is a fabulous , CUTE and funny .but it is a bit disappointing when tom turns into a teenager gladly though there is a potion to change him back to a baby and to an adult", "It's super addicting.However it's still feels as it's missing some things.but it is a better improvement comparing to the first talking tom.If you're wanting to download this game,go ahead it's pretty cool.but I hope there's more updates in the future because to be honest there's not much to do,just...Full Review", "I like this game but I don't like one thing that money system , u Know what u do that add 2 more game in which we can get star and coins.It will be better and if u have done then everyone will give 5 star to this game.", "Its a cute game...I just don't like how long it takes to get the little green airplanes. Its a lot of work for so little reward. And I hate getting duplicates. Sigh", "very good\ud83d\ude0d please keep the update and always give something new and awesome in this game like talking tom season 1\u2764 i will wait, dont make me dissapointed and bored\ud83d\ude42", "I love this game a lot . But the paintings in Tom's room become black when I unlock them . please try to fix that problem. that'swhy one star is missing. otherwise this game is superb \ud83e\udd17", "Very good it's funny but why on rewards videos is there a girl dancing sexily on 'bigo live' in shorts saying get in touch? kids see this. sort it out", "I love this game veryyyyyy much.I like the baby tom and his little cute pets.i am very thankful to outfit 7 unlimited for making this game.There are new features also added.but... Can you plz make a tv lounge, I request you.plz reply if you will make this room. I promise to rate every game of yours....Full Review", "This game is so awesome. I love it and I'd recommend this for everyone. This game is really good. The graphics are good and the game play. I love how you can do a lot of things with tom. I also love the way you can play games with him and I also love his cute little pal . The game is a real big upgr...Full Review", "I Like it very much. It makes me happy everyday. And when i play it i feels like he is my real pet. who make this game i don't no?but i want to know who make it.And i also will say he or she make more like this game.", "Too many damn ads. Plus if a player runs into me face first in the space trail minigame, why am I the one who loses the game?", "this game is fab easy to play lots of extra . but my last update of Chinese new year isn't here but it says it is! so that's a bit disappointing.", "Way to many ads!! You also have to make him sleep so you have to leave the game! get rid of some of those ads! not with the time!", "it is a very good game i use it for my yt aswell wich is always a bonpuse ror me i am so gald you brought this game out it is just earning money on it wich is hard but i love it i named mine jadon and the old talking tom is called tommy i love your game some pf these people are exaggerated thinfs as...Full Review", "i love this game but the only thing i hate about it is where tom like during the game doesnt randomly need the medicine you have to make him need it witch is a bit sad for me but other then that its competely a fun for all ages game!", "I think they are mad 2 adds after every game and we can not skip the ads even whole game is boring and I just like space trails and now they have started cheating in space trails also", "this app os very enjoyable and relaxing....... but it contains lots of adds.......it makes us feel boring ........otherwise it is a good game for kids.....if adds are removed......... it will become better......i want to say this only......", "amazing \ud83d\ude0d i love this game i play it every second but when he sleeps i play talking Angle \ud83d\ude02 it is a great game so u should downloaded it right now don't hesitate go do it don't read more reviews this one gives u all the info", "Loved this new game with new features...But the place where we play basketball,Tom should be there basketing the ball and also squeak should be there as well to give Tom Numbers for every Basket.", "The game is very intrasring all must download this game and play with tom and his pet the pet can change the colour when you give different colour food and more pets is there having aeroplane to get rewars so download the game and enjoy", "Really good fun great for when you are feeling bored or if you want something to do. 4 star is the best way for put it! Why not download now!!!", "Recording volume is too low compared to other Talking frenzy like Talking Ginger. Would give it 5 stars if you increase its rec volume.", "The game is absolutely amazing but space trail doesn't work properly, it keeps losing its connection however my network is absolutely fine. Please look for this issue and solve it.", "this is a bad game it said on the news that it has spy cameras and hacker so don't download it I want to test it but if you do not my fualet or propmbe"], "Real Racing  3": ["This is a wonderful, nice & good game to play, but it doesn't work when try to log in, using the game account, why? There are many people who doesnot want to share or mix up Facebook account with games, or let Facebook steal all your phonebook data, sms address. Many of my friends, use the game id t...Full Review", "Hey guys best racing game I've ever seen on a phone. I can positively say I'm enjoying myself. Would like it if you could add the McLaren senna and maybe thowing Subaru and Mitsubishi into the mix I ur next update. But all in all FANTASTIC game, an exact copy of the gt500 Elanor(Gone In 60 Seconds) ...Full Review", "Xlent graphic, xlent responce to controls, many variation of racing. Just an absolutly brilliant all round game. So good infact apart from Demolition Derby, I have deleted all my other games, so addicted to it.Thanks fantastic. Worth at least 10stars. Hopefully will see some TRUCK racing at some sta...Full Review", "Please, slow down with new cars and give us some time to get old ones. Also, add more classic F1 tracks, like Monte Carlo, Hungaroring, Sao Paolo, Adelaide, Magny Court, San Marino, etc. Or some famous rally tracks.. Think about it. Everything else is awasome. I played this game more than 4 years, a...Full Review", "could be the best game out there except for the neccessitity of gold, which takes too much time to earn. (unless you want to buy it with real money. hope you have a big wallet) Gold should be easier to earn and should not be needed to upgrade cars. it's a big shame as I originally thought this game ...Full Review", "I playing this game for a while. Realy enjoying. But is to expensive. I mean,you cant win a car for free,you have to spend a lot of golds for upgrates to make sure you finish the level. Whats the point to saying \"free car\". Otherwise,the game its like a real car race. Like it but if you can,just mak...Full Review", "I am in luv with it... but eyh one nd mor things that turns me off its the rewards ar vry small and golds ar vry expnsv... plz fix that especial for people who dsn't hv enough to afford in their pockets. plz mk ths game equel for evryone... anyway you deserv 5 stars bcs this gm is a classic.", "Its cool though, you can actually customised your car 100% your own design. And i hate it when it reduce my clean race \ud83d\ude02 but nevermind cause its seem like in real life. Good job. Keep it up", "all good. Just on line turnament f... me up all the time ( disconnecting) . any disconnection - 100 points minimum. Not feare. (broadband works good) I did tried to tell provider about this problem. So, they did told me to reinstall game. I did it. It did helped untill next update. F....k knows will...Full Review", "It would be a great game but it has a really annoying thing. It is 100% pay to win game. Don't want to spend money? So you won't get all the cars and won't be able to upgrade them.", "It's a good game overall, but the AI is too aggressive in sticking to its selected line, and will ram/run you wide/punt you in its quest to stick to said line. Then there's the grind and price of the cars, which is rather silly. At least there's no lootboxes.", "this game has become very boring for players that have been playing for a long time. For new players, i don't see why you would start now unless you would want to spend A LOT of money to buy the cars. Gameplay and graphics are top notch", "This game is really good, the only real thing that lets it down is the Gold! It takes ages to build up your gold, then when you need to upgrade your car it can cost up to 70 gold helmets for ONE upgrade!! Ridiculous prices!! If the Gold was easier to come by or you earn more for completing sections ...Full Review", "Excellent in terms of driving feel. Great selection of cars and tracks that really feel different. Very unrealistic collision physics, upgrade money managment and almost non-existant opponent AI can often create unrealistic situations that really ruin the overall experience and are serious source of...Full Review", "it's fun when you play for free. But, don't invest any money in this game to win limited time events. You will find that invisible forces push you off the road so that you can never win the big prizes.", "I had this game on another tablet but this died and I now have a new one but I can't get the old game back ( and I was up to level 97) ! But it was getting a tad boring. Short races, starting at the back of the grid and having to pay, in RS or gold, to upgrade the car is rediculous ! I am sure if Lo...Full Review", "this is a great game but why is it all so expensive to buy cars . and why do they all take so long why can't everything just be instant . and if your going to make cars 1000 to 2500 gold why can't our daily gold rewards be much higher . i have been playing this game for 5 years and I am only on leve...Full Review", "This is exactly the type of game I have been looking for. Difficult but not impossible, with good AI in most cases. Great fun with some of the world's best known cars on some the best known tracks.", "Great game. What I hope in a future update is a quick race option that you can choose any of your owned cars and any of the track that you have raced before, To be far with the IAP and It can be just an event without any reward, like R$ or XP. You just race with any car you want in any track you wan...Full Review", "to be honest it's 5star but the time and date error annoys me. I can't play offline with my cars because the mechanical service is not functioning in real time! Is this bug or just part of your scheme? What if I go to our province without any connection? So that means I can't play all my cars becaus...Full Review", "Game doesn't load up any more. All I get is the 'real racing has stopped message'. Not happy because I really love the game. Samsung Galaxy S7 edge.", "so i left it a few months, i tried to give the new \"time trial\" style multiplayer a fair go, but in all honesty i just don't play nearly as much as i used to, the normal multiplayer before the change was competitive and fun, whereas the new multiplayer is boring and uncompetitive, i easily beat the ...Full Review", "Gameplay very nice, but after a while it gets the same. The career section is insanely long and is hard to make any progress. In any case, if you want to advance, you have to play an insane amount of hours.", "Top game, keeps me going on my night shifts. Would like a few more cars for cash instead of gold though. Give us cheapskates a chance... Lol", "A great game, great graphics. Would love some more circuits and cars.... Classic 60s le mans... maybe next year Pit stops... weather... Monaco! Keep it up guys ... still doing it for me ....", "after new update av lost my team i was captain of never to be found..piss poor..after over 4 years playing this game i think I'm done with it now.its just got too greedy and boring..", "Best game ever created. Just need to lower the price of the cars and if possible please start something like if one complete a full series (FOR EXAMPLE) If one complete the AMATEUR series 25%,50%,75%&100% one must be rewarded with a big amount of gold and R$. Please note this message.", "The game basically good, but be careful with weekly challenges. You cannot see in advance how much gold and RS must pay on the following days.", "worst AI in a game plus the game costa you repair charges for the AIs crash mistakes.... EA plz fix the AI and make this game better", "Deserves 5 stars except the rate at which you earn currency in the game as a free to play is kinda ridiculously low. Otherwise it's another excellent mobile GT style racing game by presented by EA.", "Great game, good graphics, nice gameplay, beautiful cars. Oh, don't forget to add the 2017 Ford Focus RS, the Mazda MX-5 Miata and a lot more! :D", "My only comment on this game is the graphic seems unoptimized for my phone (Mate 20). Other than that, it's great. Understandably there's waiting time for upgrades as it's a free game.", "Why on Android is there not an in game option to move the game data to the sd card? moving the game as part of the os doesn't move the 3gb of data taking up space on my internal storage. please can you fix?", "Top tip join Top race team like IFRT to help you progress + make online firends. Will need gold to progress They need to add more tracks & stop adding car's.", "Good game shame that it cost a furtune to purchase cars or upgrades get rid of the gold upgrades turn it to just cash it will be more better and more efficient if players can collect cars more easier", "Real Racing 3 is the ultimate driving experience, is best known for its racers. Even if you can, that is been answered to Sony's Gran Turismo series on the Playstation, and Gameloft's GT Racing series, on the Android, as well as Microsoft's Project Gotham Racing series on the X-Box. It's brilliantly...Full Review", "Excellent racing simulator, so realistic... it's impossible to win in \"Multiplayer\" without paying real money, to get the fast cars. But it's still great.", "The closest you'll ever get to PS4's GranTurismo or XBox's Forza Motorsport,... in a MOBILE platform. Been playing since 2012. And it has cloud save so you dont have to worry if you want to play it on a new device.", "Great game; lots of content that is updated regularly. I have a mid-range phone and the graphics and still smooth. The XP/gold rewards and level progress structure is acceptable but you'll still need to invest some cold hard cash to unlock some cars. Only one reason I didn't give it 5 stars is that ...Full Review", "Best racing game on mobile. The graphics are unbelievable and there's so much you can do in special events and career mode in this game. AWESOME!!! car collections and tracks too. Best ever. \ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83c\udfc6\ud83c\udfc1"], "Backgammon": ["bed. old version wos better", "Used to like this game but now it's hard to take pieces off the board. Wish hadn't updated it", "It would be nice if your color was always at the bottom. Update on last comment: when you bump a player you can not move that piece again. That is not the way I learned backgammon. 3/5/16: Just updated and it still does not let you move a piece once you bump another piece.", "Please add an option to mute the sound. Also, make it possible to keep on moving a piece after chomping an opponent's.  The dice algorithm is rigged. The Ai always gets the roll it needs to bump off a recently exposed marker. Makes a nice game very frustrating because one feels cheated.", "I like the board.  I downloaded this because you can play the AI.  But winning seems impossible at times because the house gets the best rolls.  We can bump each other all day if that's your thing. But that gets so boring.", "This game is a fraud. Dice algorithm sucks. Opponent gets the dice combinations and doubles it needs all the time. Play your own casino by yourselves. I'm done spending time on your \"studio\", or whatever you think you are.", "This thing cheats I'm sorry but getting a 5 and 2 roll 4 times in a row it's next to Impossible the opponent the computer opponent rolls exactly what he needs every time he needs it and you can never get what you need so the IE is a cheat.", "I dig playing the AI but like one of the other reviews said, the AI is constantly rolling doubles. It really takes the \"fair\" out of the game.", "consistently  rolls exactly what it needs to win, more frustration then it is worth, just junk", "Developers who made this game doesn't know the rules of this game. Hey guys \nwhy don't you learn the rules first, before you creating the game. B.S-T", "Not honest. Some moves not possible, but they are... and also for the android combination they are every time good for opponent but never for player.", "It's pretty sad when u can figure out the computer player it's so obvious. What's the challenge..", "Internet mode works but not Bluetooth", "Read other reviews  about dice rolling and rules.  Seems like house rules are written in stone for this game.", "It is good for a free game and you are allowed to play offline but the dice rolls do not feel random .", "Ok but crashing when using Bluetooth", "Change 'you loose' to 'you lose'. It's really annoying.", "It says \"Unfortunately, backgammon has stop\" when I'm trying to play with a friend by using bluetooth.", "UI broken on Note 5", "Blue tooth not working ..the only reason i downloaded it", "Ai is rigged. Ai has high chance at doubles", "Worst game", "It Crashs everytime on s6", "\u0427\u0435\u0440\u0435\u0437 Bluetooth \u043d\u0435 \u0438\u0433\u0440\u0430\u0435\u0442", "I dont like it!!!", "Works as described.", "I could not find difficulty levels for the AI", "I like it.", "\u0425\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0448\u0438\u0435 \u043d\u0430\u0440\u0434\u044b", "Kaia kaii", "\u0622\u0634\u063a\u0627\u0644\u0647", "Really fun.", "Greatest", "If the random number generator were truly random, the number of doubles would be almost even.  Not the case here, the computer gets about 90/10.  Additionally, it doesn't allow legal moves, especially when it forces you to break a protected spot, thus causing you to loose the token you were forced t...Full Review", "This is a decent rendition of backgammon. I sometimes question whether it cheats at the dice rolling, but can't be certain.  Overall a good and playable game. I saw people complained about ads. I have never seen any ads in this game, but probably because I use AdBlock. The only fault I have with the...Full Review", "Several times I have caught the came cheating. Each time it landed on me and kept rolling the same 1 and  dice  five times in a row. One three different Gamez with in a twenty game spread. Impossible Odds.", "Now most of these games will give the computer the advantage with the rolls they get but I played only one game with this and literally every single time I had a single piece on the board they got the roll to trap it. Every single time. First game.", "What is the purpose to play if the computer is set not to let you roll good dice? i am about to win all the time and then it rolls dices 6-6 for itself all the time. and then guess what ?? :( uninstalling it. Be somewhat accountable.", "I am not a top player just learning. But this version is not good. Needs a rewrite of its random generator. Almost every move android received doubles! Just one game and already am going to remove. Also, why do they require so much access to everything in your device!??", "Good, but is very buggy, so it does not do ask that is requested. For example, the app crashes when I press Bluetooth mode, ON TWO DEVICES. (Alcatel One Touch Fierce and Sony Xperia Z3c)"], "Roulette Online": [], "Roll the Ball\u00ae - slide puzzle": ["The game was extremely fun, but a 31 second ad after every level was a bit too much. I spent more time watching ads than I did working on any level until I got frustrated and uninstalled it. Unfortunate.", "Pretty okay...passes time. HOWEVER...the ads are super annoying! Not your average ads-like after EACH and EVERY single game-30 seconds long! A bit excessive, to say the least.", "Its so stupid. The game itself is very fun, but the ads are abusive at this point. You have to watch 30s ads for each level. Waste of time.", "ads ads ads no game play time u want to play 10 seconds game u want to wacth 20 seconds ad every level . u wish to do this . then download and play . im uninstalling . now . dont install this type scrap", "fun game, the ads suck. more annoyinly lately it closes itself while in the middle of a puzzle which is infuriating", "it is a stupid game why there is lot of ads I don't understand in this game when u solve one level then add come and the ads are not in our use too", "Awesome game, Love it! If you don't want to see ads every 20 seconds then turn off your Internet connection as simple as that!!", "easy fun, but DANG thats a lot of ads! I finally gave up because you spend more time closing ads than playing.", "If you want to watch nothing but ads this is the game for you. Absolutely awful.", "So many ads that you can't really play the game. For every 15-20 seconds of game play you get a 30 second pop up ad.", "I had a plastic toy that was like this game, when I was a kid. move one piece around, there's only a few choices, and it's a guarantee they are going to get in one another's way, so plan your strategy 5 moves ahead.", "30 second ads after every couple round no thank u not worth it", "m going to uninstall thia game .\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20 . ads r irritating me \ud83d\ude33\ud83d\ude33\ud83d\ude33\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude08\ud83d\ude08\ud83d\ude08", "Most time consuming game. \ud83d\ude02", "Play with airplane mode or turn off the net when you want to play the game", "I really enjoy this app!! Especially when it gets challenging, it forces me to use my brain!! I like it so much I downloaded it on my boys' device so he too can enjoy. Thank you!!!!", "this game keeps me off thinking about my problems", "Fun, but the ads are a little too much and a little too pushy.", "great game too many ads", "great problem solving game with WAY TOO MANY ADS. Instant UNinstall :(", "supper \ud83c\udf1dbut there are so many adds\ud83d\ude0a", "Game still kicking me out.", "I'm sorry I didn't get the chance", "This game is so nice I like this game so much", "really a very nice game.. full time pass :D", "needs alot less adds", "the game is good but there is waaaaay too many ads, I ended up uninstalling it because of it", "sangat bermanfaat untuk menghabiskan waktu", "stop thinking back to playing", "mazza aaa raha hai bahut acha game hai.", "if u can't calculate you won't make it to the next level", "Fun for passing time!", "too much ads", "Love this game I can't stop playing", "too many ads", "there are too much ads", "game mast hai bro", "puzzles can be a little predictable..", "Fun game, but too many advertisments. It almost ruins the game.", "nice time killing game"], "Find the difference 300 level Spot the differences": ["you have to hit a very small exact mark or says your wrong and gives you an X. it will do it over and over forcing you to lose game and is designed that way so that you have to then watch a commercials in order to play again. there are so many different other versions. this is the worst look elsewhe...Full Review", "A good game if only the developer could opt OUT of any advert with sound. I don't mind the adverts at all as they help make sure the developer is rewarded for his/her hard work. On saying that, the game would deserve at least a 4-star if the annoying repetitive adverts with sound could be eliminated...Full Review", "I like that this game in many cases is quite pleasantly challenging. It is uplifting to the point of distracting one from everyday stresses. I haven't enjoyed my other favorites --- candy crush and blossom crush also word games, because I just love find the difference games!!!", "I love the deep concentration of this gane. It really causes you to look closely to detail and use patience. I gave it a 4 star due to some of the pictues are very dark and with cell phones and pcs you get a glare on the screen and dark pictures are very difficult to see every object presented. Fix ...Full Review", "FINISHED! The puzzles are easy. This game is just a good time filler when you're commuting to and from work. The controls aren't great. If you press just a millimetre away from the difference, it takes a life away. The puzzles could be a bit harder, but it helped fill my commute time.", "Some of the differences are so small or mixed with so much it really gives your brain a challenge! When I am doing this, time seems to fly; but isn't that the old adage, \"time flys when you're having fun\".", "I've played other \"Spot the Difference \" games and they're not such pretty pictures as this one. I ALSO found out that It's faster to spot the differences with this app. Great game. I'm addicted to this App .", "Some of the pictures are too small or to dark however it depends on the players eyes. My eyes have cataracts so I am probably straining them on the dark photos. Overall the game is still a good way to relax and waste time.", "Challenging and I play for hours. Great for the commute to/from work. Keeps the mind sharp and music is relaxing. Also great way to spend lunchtime since it's too cold to go outside. I find a nice quiet lounge in the building take this game and a cup of tea and I am happy", "This is quite an interesting game. It taxes on the player's patience and minute observation skill. I also like the part where I can enlarge the images to enable me to scrutinize the details so that I can spot the differences.", "I like that there are only 5 differences to find each time, you can't get bored with the same scene! A nicely constructed game to pass a little time.", "I've been playing long enough now that I'm on my second time through. I have some short-term memory loss, so most of it looks new to me anyway. I hope you get this app & enjoy it as much as I do!", "overall good app. however when I go to push something many times it says I'm wrong when I'm right. kinda frustrating", "At first I thought it would be so easy, but there are some nifty differences to find. You have to look quite hard to find them. Very good!", "I loved this game. Had enough assistance to get you though levels without having to wait forever for typos too recharge or having to pay to win. There are adds but I really had no issue with them. Great images to pay with as well.", "this game always frustrates me. i thought i had better attention to detail but i am wrong. if i dont throw my phone i will hone that attention with this for sure. just dont get mad. lol", "Its really fun and challenging.. One thing I realized while playing this game is that... I have a poor eye sight! Haha\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02 But Love this app! \ud83d\ude0a", "I love it! I recently found out i can do that 3d comparing eye thing and its really fun to test with theres nothing i would say is bad about it", "Very good time killer. It works in a very pleasant way, it do not force you to a decision, there's no timer so it does not generate any stress. It's a wonderful option for when you're in a line to be attended or when waiting for someone...", "I love this game. It gives you a variety of image options so it's hard ti get bored of it. I'll like seeing more simple and relaxing images.", "Have an easy and difficult levels.. Sometimes need to be extra careful because the difference might be the colour, size or missing places..Most the picture was a stunning pictures..", "it is a great way to spend time. rather than mindless clicking, you actually train your eyes and perception", "Excellent clues hunting game. The differences are not easy to spot. Nice variations in the scenary of the pictures. The game is not bloated with adds. Happy hunting! :) Many thanks to the developer(s).", "Wonderful way to pass the time, with loads of beautiful photos. It's not too easy, nor too difficult. I love it! Five stars all around.", "One of the most enjoyable find the differences ever...300+ outstanding puzzles of excellent quality. Highly recommend. Am about to install others by this group. Well done!", "Well done. Limited ads, non-trivial, no silly differences. Zoom is well done and helpful, but most satisfying to complete without using it!", "Good time killer. Some photos have way too much detail for a phone screen though, it strains your eyes. Also sometimes it thinks my zooming in a picture is a click and takes a life away.", "Very relaxing. Challenging, but not hard to find the difference. Can use hints if you get stuck. Addictive & enjoyable. Great pass time.", "Addicting, sometimes very challenging, but easy to play. I like i can use hints without a big penalty, and that there's no timer.", "The controls and hues are a bit too shuttle and dark or obscure , however I am an hour new to the game.", "These are some daily regular pictures that are subtly photoshopped to create differences without looking obvious. Attention to detail by the developer is simply amazing.", "It's a good game but can be terrible for your eyes on a phone. My eyes hurt at the end of a 10 min play", "I like the interface more than some other similar games. Also, I like that there's no timer. Good mix of easy and hard. I particularly like the ability to compare side by side.", "I really like their choice of pictures. The game is very good as it's not too easy to make uninteresting nor too difficult.", "Nice game. I can even play on my phone. Usually I can only play these games on a tablet because it is so difficult to see.", "Loving the game, just wish there were a little brightervgraphics. Keep making more puzzles, and maybe add a magnified glass to add more diversity. Thanks", "I like it when you need a hint, it doesn't just automatically apply where it is. You still have to find and identify it yourself.", "These games help sharpen my eye for attention to detail. Since that is important in my work, it's an important thing. Plus, it's FUN!", "I like this type of games. The only thing is that the music is so boring after a while", "So addicted to this game that when i look at pictures on ig/fb i start looking for the differences lol \ud83d\ude02"], "Bubble Shooter Genies": ["starts off ok but gets to hard to fast, was done with it in a few days, was looking for a simple fun time waster not something that got to difficult fast just so you could try to get money", "Good, takes a bit long to get harder and challenging and not clear how u improve scores? Sometimes I get 1 star and don't know why. An explanation for that would be helpful.", "Pure garbage loved this game when I was younger but clear they are just after your money the higher you go its pay to play.", "it's a fun game to take up a little extra time I'm glad I downloaded it there is a few ads or commercials but the game itself is very cool", "Not enough bubbles, you just want our money to buy them. That's not ethical.", "Fun enough until all the ads were pro-Trump. No thanks. If I want to see a talking cheeto I'll turn on FAUX News. deleted", "Not enough dragons and a TON of f****** bubbles..! Needs major updating to modern days time to be an enjoyable game!!", "great game until level 216, last 4 times I've played it freezez during game and can't move to next level", "Love the progression of difficulty in this game, the graphics, the colors and so much more. I can speak from personal experience about the 1st 60 levels. Up until this point, very few ads. Now, to the publishers, I dare you to ask me about your game when I complete the next 60. Fair? I think it's ve...Full Review", "just another money grab not worth your time", "Fun and cute game, I honestly have nothing but good things to say.", "I love playing this game it's hard to put it down it relaxes you I just love that I can play it all day", "stuck on a level and cant get past it no matter what i do. removing this game.", "I love the games so much that I am going to play it on the way to school", "I am forever changed for the better", "great game but when down to 2 or 3 shots they should be the same colour thats left to get", "Best addictive game ever, I have done all 280 levels what to do now?", "This is a cute game. I like how they give instructions on how to use the different bubbles.", "great game 2 pass time when your bored", "It's a Very easy game that anyone can play !!", "Good game. Lmt ads", "Fun way to pass the time. New view of an old game.", "this game is very interesting I completely finished all levels it should be more updated for others. when it will updated.", "Easy to play. Fun and Addictive.", "good game love playing it", "i have enjoyed playing this game", "It's actually really addicting lol", "love this game a great way to pass the time, Plus it's offline so I can play anywhere.", "just need videos to add more coins", "amazing game...addictive", "Very fun and addicting game. Great way to pass the time.", "too much advertisements. you have to stop playing and wait 5,10 min. to play again..", "Love the game it helps me relax and the graphics is great.", "entertaining and family fun!", "very fun and addictive", "A lot of fun!", "it's a very addictive game and very fun to play", "THIS IS THE BEST EVER BUBBLE GAME SO EASY AND RELAXING", "I like the game", "very fun best app of the century"], "Pokertrainer": ["Very helpful app, totally recommend it. Take it now as it is way cheaper than it could be, the content is really helpful for aspiring poker players.", "I worth what it costs! Great exercises to train your skills.", "I really like the various games but the UI needs some work. For example, in practice mode, if I click the wrong answer, a popup opens with the right answer and links to more info, which is great. However, when I close the popup, it moves me on to the next puzzle rather than back to the old one. I wa...Full Review", "This is really helping. I was kinda beginner, but I was willing to do what it take to get to  higher level. Definitely worth my time and even better with the cheap price (1.28?). You gotta be prepared to memorize few things and use some basic calculations. But it will help a lot!!! Maybe even more t...Full Review", "If you apply the basic principles you will find a dramatic success increase in your game. Once you get those down, then you can throw your game/personality to it. End result, more fun at the tables. ESPECIALLY Ring/Cash games!!", "Some of it is good but they really need to update preflop as they would have you play way too nitty from the blinds", "I searched pretty extensively throughout the app store and tried several apps but this app takes the cake. Loads of awesome information and great training exercises to help you become a better, more confident player. Absolutely worth the price. Note to the developer, you might want to make this easi...Full Review", "Developer fixed my software woes!  Useful app to build poker fundamentals.", "Love this app. Great drills for keeping on your toes with hand reading and a lot of the mental math involved with equity and odds estimations. Ive been looking for a  poker studying app just like this for a while and finally found one! The user interface is minimalistic to say the least, but who can...Full Review", "Its fun and I think it will raise my level. I think its got me thinking quicker and better.  Abucksix Canadian  I think I can get that back PDQ.   Playing the pot odds game i came across errors. Pot 68 opponent bet 340 they say pot odds are about 6-1. They are not.  They are close to 1-1   This drop...Full Review", "Could use more explanation on the logic,  But works good for building speed. Dropped another star because i hate it when an app asks me repeatedly to rate it.  ESPECIALLY if i already did.", "Thanks!  The app won't stop asking me me to review.  That is annoying.  Fix pls!", "This is the most usefull app for poker training because it focuses on the most important concepts that many people are not familiarized with...I strongly reccomend!!", "It helps develop poker skills that are often looked over. Worth every penny. Simple yet effective.", "Good value, quick and easy to use, and provides some pretty useful practice exercises.", "Better training on specific hand probabilities and clearer explanations would be good", "Definitely helps with some of the essential basic any player should be disciplined in.", "Some solid practice.", "Nice learning app"], "Rayman Adventures": ["Rayman Adventures is a very good game! I love it. I've played it everyday. I really wanted to give this game 5 stars, but everytime I drag the Purple Egg to the Incubator, it has to say \"No internet connection\" I don't understand why is it happenning. Then, I have enough internet. I dragged the Purp...Full Review", "You guys should put most of these costumes in rayman legends. Ubisoft its sad because a free rayman game has cooler looking skins than a paid rayman game. Look at the zombieblox, and Candice. Im pretty sure it would make the game have more variety. You can make us pay for the skins for all I care bu...Full Review", "Can't play on Kindle Fire 7, when i open the app, it says downloading data. When it gets to 14% the screen turns black and exits to the home page. When I look at my open apps, and open it, it re downloads the data to 14% to only crash again. I REALLY WANTED TO PLAY, sigh", "the game is great.. i wish they give some health or 3 lives for each levels. atleast pls put some checkpoint in the game.. sometimes its really frustrating to start frm the beginning when you died", "EXTREMELY LOVE THIS GAME just a few things guys 1.i wish we can invite people in whatsapp or other social media 2.DONT I REPEAT DONT change the time for hatching the egg but thats it all of it is wonderful u guys are creative... keep it up LOVE IT SO MUCH i wish i could give it 5 stars", "was working great then out of nowhere it starts to load but then boots me out of the game and back to my home screen. super sad cuz I loved this game!", "excellent game. A little hard but not difficult. Never played this game before but recommend it to anyone who's tired of the same old same old", "this game is amazing but if I leave it for a couple of hours then I go back to the beginning and I have to start all over again uninstalling after a couple of times but it's a shame since I actually enjoyed it", "Great game but terrible controls, prefer a virtual gamepad. Also no checkpoints so when you die you restart", "Thanks for porting this game to android, it's one of my favorite on Xbox and PS4. Smooth and extremely entertaining, can't stop playing every day.", "If you like Rayman games you should download this one! It's addictive with great graphics and it has a lot of things to unlock while you're playing!", "Interesting game with cool graphics, but the level activities are all the same and the game characters aren't cool and heroic. I'd suggest you guys should add more differences to the levels and create more characters with muscles and cool outfits. Nice game", "I update this game but not come new families and marthan but I love this so much this game please my regards", "I just recently downloaded this game after watchin a clip (ad) it looked really good its a fast paced game u have to collect all the incrediballs to help grow ur tree but they help u along the way since iv downloaded it i cant put it down 1st thing in the morning and last thing at night its really e...Full Review", "its good and you collect stuff and if u like adventure games like me then this is a game the only thing i dont really like is the controls there not that cool its not really like the actuall game on xbox\ud83d\udc31\ud83d\ude42it very bad btw i got it cause my brother wanted it its doodoo", "Excellent game, although I'm knocking 1 star off because there isnt enough time to read the hints between each level. Instead, why can't I tap when I've finished reading them?", "There is no option to pay to remove ads. no option to permanently disable facebook login. I thought this would be for my children, but I wouldn't let them play it without me watching, so i'll delete it.", "I like the game but the updates take too long before you can get them", "absolutley love this game!!! brings me back to the original game on my old school playstation as a kid...", "es un buen juego pero tiene muchos fallos y bugs MUY IMPORTANTES (la verdad no es de extra\u00f1arse puesto que es de bugisoft)", "\u0644\u062d\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0634\u0643\u0644\u0629 \u0644\u0627 \u064a\u0648\u062c\u062f \u0627\u062a\u0635\u0627\u0644 \u0628\u0627\u0644\u0633\u064a\u0631\u0641\u0631 \u0625\u062a\u0644\u0639 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u062a\u064a \u0648\u0627\u0646\u0627 \u0627\u0636\u0645\u0646 \u0644\u0643 100% \u0647\u062a\u062a\u062d\u0644 : 1- \u0625\u0630\u0647\u0628 \u0625\u0644\u0649 \u0625\u0639\u062f\u0627\u062f\u0627\u062a \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0648\u062f\u0648\u0633 \u062a\u0646\u0638\u064a\u0641 \u0627\u0644\u0643\u0627\u0634 \u0623\u0648 \u0645\u0633\u062d \u0627\u0644\u062a\u062e\u0632\u064a\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0624\u0642\u062a 2-\u062d\u0648\u0644 \u0644\u063a\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u062c\u0647\u0627\u0632 \u0625\u0644\u0649 \u0627\u0644\u0625\u0646\u062c\u0644\u064a\u0632\u064a\u0629 \u0648\u0628\u0633 \u0623\u062f\u0639\u0648 \u0644\u064a \u0648\u0627\u0644\u062f\u0627\u064a \u0628\u0627\u0644\u062a\u0648\u0641\u064a\u0642 \u0648\u062c\u0632\u0627\u0643\u0645 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0647 \u0643\u0644 \u062e\u064a\u0631 \u2764\ufe0f", "i actually love the game since this is my first time playing it and i love the whole thing but can you please make the character jump by swipping up since im used to it so please change the jump", "Nice game but all levels of this game are just all the same. there's a version of left and right. and give more extra life. 3 will do maybe.", "great game however the faliure to connect to the server error gets quite annoying after a while.", "This is SO COOL!! The vontrol is awesome, the graphic is excellent! And the gameplay is... Wow... I swear... I love this game! Five stars! congratulations! This game is awesome!", "App claims to require storage access for save file. This is completely illegitimate and a lie to access personal information - there is never a reason for a game to ask for this access. Apps have storage available without that access.", "Muy buen juego, Entretenido y Variado dentro de lo misma trama, no le doy 5 estrellas por que espero que con el tiempo lo vayan mejorando y aumento la Gr\u00e1fica del juego", "I CAN'T EVEN GET ON BECAUSE IT KEEPS ON SAYING THAT THE APP HAS STOPPED AND I TRIED UNINSTALLING AND REINSTALLING BUT IT DIDN'T WORK AND I TRIED ALSO TRIED RESTARTING MY DEVICE BUT IT STILL DIDN'T WORK!??!?!?!?!?!?!?", "it's really fun and enjoyable but the controls are a bit off in the running because you cannot stop", "i really like this game but you cant fo back to previous adventures but good in general", "Really good game nice length and number of levels \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\ude00", "One of the trickiest and funnest games ive played.", "Very addictive and fun always different and it reminds me of rayman legends & origins", "love the game controls on screen can be awkward on phone i use a Bluetooth controller which works great", "I love the game its updates with events and gems,characters and...and every thing", "it's a ancient amazing game I give it five stars.", "I REALLY LIKE THIS GAME AND OTHER YOUR GAMES WHO'S LIKE THIS! <3!", "Best game ever so addicting", "not connecting to server in my Amazon Fire HD 7 tab", "There is no Menu Setting to link devices. I have Rayman Adventures in my iPad and here on my Pocophone F1. Please fix."], "Run Forrest Run! - The endless running game!": ["Nice game when your trying to pass time. Not too many ads. No different than any other game with pop ups", "Game is good. Fun way to run, jump and slide as you collect the coins and level up. Please update more levels \ud83e\udd17\ud83c\udfc3\u200d\u2642\ufe0f\ud83e\udd17", "Game crashed and started me back a nothing. I was at 82x soooo I deleted it. Buh bye", "I did a have a problem with saved progress like a touch I had to uninstall the game an start over but good now so far I haven't got back to where I was yet but I love the game", "Im stuck on 17x i completed the missions idk might stop playing it took the fun out of the game I hope it works tommorow", "Please get rid of pop up ads ok the would be better off 5out them feeling passed off", "My son loves this game he want stop playing it I never get my phone", "The game do entertain me when am less busy or boring. Thanks", "It's just like the movie I just wish he talked!\ud83d\ude09", "I'm finally glad that you fixed the game because now i not stuck on lv 6   I made it to vietnam.", "One ad after another. Inappropriate ads for Family Guy game.", "It's fun everybody out there that doesn't like it I'm coming to your house and I'm going to kill you", "This game is so much fun! Keeps my kids entertained for hours on end!! (Amazing for long car rides!!)", "If you like running games you have to try this one. Love the challenges!", "It's cool just I was it wasn't so much like subway surfers. It's basically a knockoff so like please change that.", "Ghatiya game hai....khula hi nhi za rha hai...what game is this...did not like it....plz make it proper before uploading dis game....ND plz make sure the person who install it did not get any problem....", "I love, love, love, love this a lot especially because I love to play running games!!!\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude3b\ud83d\udc8f\ud83d\udc68\u200d\u2764\ufe0f\u200d\ud83d\udc8b\u200d\ud83d\udc68\ud83d\udc69\u200d\u2764\ufe0f\u200d\ud83d\udc8b\u200d\ud83d\udc69\ud83d\udc91\ud83d\udc68\u200d\u2764\ufe0f\u200d\ud83d\udc68\ud83d\udc69\u200d\u2764\ufe0f\u200d\ud83d\udc69\ud83d\udc98\u2764\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc99\ud83d\udc9a\ud83d\udc9b\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc9d\ud83d\udc9e\ud83d\udc9f\ud83d\udc8c!!!", "I wish this game was a little bit more developed, but it is a good game overall! Awesome.", "post 17th level unable continue. game is good would like to continue further", "Best game since the 1st Temple Run came out, awesome !", "When I double tap for a helmet it makes me slide, jump or move to the left or right.", "This Game Is Really Fun And Good It makes a really good challenge", "it has a problem  and it comes chair so i dont like it", "It reminds me of the real movie and i like running games and this is the best one for me.", "this game is awesome graphics are perfect but I wish there were more zones to open", "I do not understand how to start this game", "I loved the game it was really good  idea was on x multipler 9 but it crashed and I'm on 1 bad game", "Geared towards Forrest Gump lovers , a great endless runner", "Love this game! It makes you want to keep achieving for a higher score.", "Just like the film. Awesome endless runner, smooth gameplay and good graphics.", "\"Life is like a box of chocolates you never know what your gonna get\"", "It's epic thanks for making the game I love the movie it funny\ud83d\ude02", "Double tap for helmet does not work", "This is my mom's favorite movie, the game is good too.", "Super Fun, I Love this game, it's very addictive, and challenging.", "I like it, it's funny, fun to play love it!", "It is such a wonderful game like others some graphic scenes are change", "I think its a cool game i think that it can use some more agressive \nworking\ud83d\ude01", "Really good game Remember me the forest Gump \ud83c\udfa5 movie", "l love this game it makes me stay glued to my phone"], "Doctor Game \ud83d\udc68\ud83c\udffb\u200d\u2695\ufe0f \ud83c\udfe5\ud83d\udc69\ud83c\udffb\u200d\u2695\ufe0f": ["This game is aimed at kids. it was great until it was updated to prey on them. It used to only play ads in between games. Now it constantly pops them up during the game in the aame areas that the game requires you to click. Some of the ads are in appropriate. I have to delete now that greed finally ...Full Review", "the game is 100% fun in all,but the name of this game is bad still good game tho", "good game", "ft", "exellent", "Since its a game for younger kids the ads between activities needs to be done away with... other than that the app is great!", "i want it to have the braciss again like it use to have them when i already had it downloaded", "I kinda like the game", "Im 7 years old and I do not like this game.pls make more updates and make \neach one better than the other one.pls do it.", "I could pay for an ad free version. Is there one? Great game, all good but \nthose ads make me crazy.", "My 2 year old granddaughter loves this game, she grabs my phone and ask to play Doctor game all the time!!", "Love this game.I am playing since 8 month it is really lovely game.I \nrecommend this game for 3-8 year kids", "Sucks don't please don't download this game it the worst game ever and the \ngraphics sucks", "For such a stupid game sooooooo high mb please don't download it", "I love this game but it should have more options for treatment", "This is the worst game I ever had", "It help my children to no about cleanliness", "This is amazing. this is doctor game . This is for 12 year old child also", "It was fun butttttttt you guys no the earth is farts in a bucket\ud83d\udc73", "Purchased game so kids would not have ads and it will not restore purchase.", "My baby sisy Love it and she is 5 so it is a good game", "Very nice game for 6th 8 years old", "Its boring because it needs more things", "Nice game, my daughter loves it. Could have a bit more features?", "Very very nice \ud83d\udc4d Best. Game", "I loved very much \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "My 3yr old loves it", "I think it is a good app", "It is too childish...", "Im quitting aj doctor and playing this!!!!!!!", "i don't like it it is boring", "Very nice game", "I love this game", "Very good girl", "There should be money and levels", "Lol loving it!!!!", "It is very good.", "I love this.\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "It is delayed 6", "I love it."], "8 Ball Pool": ["Well I almost lost the love for this game because of the hackers. But the legendary cues made up for it. They are a fantastic idea because they give you a percentage of coins back even if you lose. Also love bank the 8. Makes the game slightly more difficult so opponents are not necessarily guarante...Full Review", "The rails change from hard to soft. Hard to be consistent. If all the balls were the que ball on the break, they would all go in on break. hehe, equal for all players so fair. Most realistic pool game I've found. Cant stop playing. Scratch or potting 4 out of 10 shots if it hits a rail. Still fair, ...Full Review", "English on the cue ball is not very good. All other aspect are pretty realistic. As I have played this more and got better cues, the english is better. Some tricky spots on the table still exist for aiming. at times you activate things around the border when attempting ro aim. With time restraints, ...Full Review", "The only thing about the game i don't like is the fact that you can't type chat.... at least make it possible to buy the capability and have a setting for allowing it to show on that particular individual's board or not. I think it would enhance the interactive experience. It's allowed when playing ...Full Review", "The games is very good, graphics are excellent, game play is great. It can become addicting. However it a free-to-plau games which means that your money will help get to the level faster. I guess the only thing that bother me is all the stuff the put in front of you, when you after finish a game or ...Full Review", "can be a fun game until your playing against players hundreds of level higher than you. theres equip that helps the game and it not fun once you loose all your coins cause you get paired to someone way higher than you. good time killer n sure its set up as cash cow to makers as all these games are", "Awesome addictive and good way to chill great how you can play family and friends but needs some fine tuning some competitors when snookered play your ball to get their's sunk even tho they lose a turn. Some opponents times seem to drag longer. If you sink the black followed by the opponent's ball t...Full Review", "When making bank shots, shooting hard should narrow the angles. Instead, you have to bank fast or the angle widens. Not realistic. Also, balls are displayed larger than actual size, allowing to shoot through a portion of a blocked ball. I finally got to a league where I lost all my money and I'm pre...Full Review", "Don't waste time on watching ads for coins. Some of them will make you watch all the way to the end and then freeze and not pay out the coins. Also be aware the main screen will seem frozen, leading you to tap the screen multiple times for response, but then will conveniently open a game to bet your...Full Review", "My payback at Berlin is between 2 to 5M. I am a diamond member having 20/20 legendary and I have never used any unfair practice to multiply my coins. Is it justice to my integrity and what return am I getting after spending thousand of bucks. Only 10 to 15 % payback.I appeal to all the players not t...Full Review", "I played Candy Crush as a \"time-killer\" for years...then my 9 yr old niece showed me 8-Ball Pool. I haven't touched Candy Crush for over a year now. I love playing against people from all over the world, but I also like being able to play by myself too. This game is addictive, and makes a fantastic ...Full Review", "The game is very relaxing and fun to play but when it comes to bots it's a whole different experience, I mean I still SOMETIMES vs a person but with bots... they dont mess up. Plus when i run out of coins I have to purchase them. So what's the deal with bots and no coins and having to purchase them....Full Review", "This is a fantastic application where one can enjoy playing with other countries world wide. Unfortunately there are too many cheats using full length guide lines & have access to infinate free tokens & cash. This makes it stacked against us honest players. I dont know what satisfaction cheats get o...Full Review", "Great to play when it's not cheating you! Anytime you get too much money or coins without paying you end up going on a huge loosing streak. They are at it! That all said I like playing the game and just accept that they cheat anyone who doesn't pay.", "This is a fantastic application where one can enjoy playing with other countries world wide. Unfortunately there are too many cheats using full length guide lines & have access to infinate free tokens & cash. This makes it stacked against us honest players. I dont know", "The game is cool, but the free spin is 1,000,000% rigged, and that's definitely NOT cool. Make the free spin truly fair and random, it's really not gonna hurt you any. When it lands on the blue wedges EVERY SINGLE TIME, it's a shady move by the developers, plain and simple. How is one supposed to fe...Full Review", "Very addictive. Great to play people from all over the world. My only problem is that if you don't buy stuff, you'll never get very far. The daily spin is pretty much useless. Never get good results. I would like to see better winnings. Also better cues for coins. I suppose the whole purpose of the ...Full Review", "this game is super fun addictive one thing that is super frusterating is the free cash with offers you must always take screenshot proof and request the reward later... and one I started disapeared from my pending list so i had no option to dispute and this was after several weeks of time investment...Full Review", "MFs lot of issues seen during bad connectivity and game behaves erratic. We tend to loose chance in spite of pocketing the ball please correct them first. Its absolutely frustrating. Also you are controlling the pace of balls with some interbal bug and often it is observed thatopponent is favoured u...Full Review", "My father played this game during the final months of his life, before he unexpectedly passed. He has loved pool most his life. He has spent a lot of money on this game and enjoyed it very much. I still regret not playing more matches against him. Thank you for making this game, as he was not able t...Full Review", "The developer keeps changing the features of the game. I do not like this at all. For example there was a Daily bonus feature where a player could get 1 game cash for watching a video, it was nice to be able to get cash daily and made it a reason to keep playing daily, but the last update on 12/03/1...Full Review", "Can't make a mobile game without making it as grindy as possible! This is a mobile game after all, normal rules don't apply. Could've been fun and rewarding if the items were more accessible, but it's not. And even the things you have earned is extremely expensive to use since they need money or tok...Full Review", "idk how many times I end up scratching in the 8 (or 9). The wheel game is a joke, hundreds of spins and always lands on one of the lowest demonitions. big joke. game is rigged to garner your money. times places on cues isn't right either. it seems if your in a 3rd world country, somehow you get more...Full Review", "There is bug or a problem with this game when i play with my friends The counter of matches which shows how many matches u win or loss with friend is manipulate. The counter shows stats recalculated after the game restarted something went wrong with that counter it shows wrong info to me suppose i w...Full Review", "Very glitchy. Sometimes a ball will stop near a pocket and then snap to a slightly different position. Also the program has been changed such that if you use full power on backspin the cue ball will take a path that is not realistic. Very often the program hangs after I sink 3 or 4 balls straight,. ...Full Review", "This is an excellent game! I literally play it everyday and at every wake and moment!.... *Update* 5/1/16 How can I literally win millions and now I'm shooting so bad that I only now have 2000+ coins? Do I suck that much or is this game really rigged? I shoot pool in real life and I am an artist, so...Full Review", "I love this game but it glitches often, right as you are about to shoot it freezes until time runs out and then the opponent ends up sinking every ball right after and I lose even though I was winning until it froze. This is so frustrating! Please fix or I will have to uninstall the app.", "there has to be a way to switch off the invasive and constant pop up adds for sales, every single time you touch a button an and for a sale will pop up. and the controls are terrible you have to fight to move the cursor where you want when your playing off the corner of a table. I would rather die t...Full Review", "This was one of my all time favorite game. But now its a stupid app. There are so many mod app and hackings for this game. People who usually play in guest , are using some kind of haking softwares to like extend guide line. Please avoid such issues. worst game because of all the mods and hacks. Uni...Full Review", "It's a good game with fairly realistic physics for the most part. However it is heavily designed on making money so while it's a technically free game, you won't get to the top on talent alone. You will enter a game for big money and be put against a player that is so obviously a bot that it's laugh...Full Review", "great game. problem is that at higher levels you lose more, not because the players get better but because stuff starts happening that just shouldnt. spin stops working, then too much spin next go, then too much or not enough power (even though youre doing nothing different). obviously a jinx to sto...Full Review", "I had 491,000 coins played a all in match and lost to someone with unrealistic stats, but i used the excaliber cue which gives me 42% back yet i have 0 coins. i believe this player is cheating. i can't remember his name but it began with KINGRe at level 13 and he is supposedly from pakistan. i've pl...Full Review", "Tournament has a major flaw... If you don't go first you can lose and not even get a chance, I entered 3 tournaments in a row and lost like this... Didn't even get to take a damn shot! This should be fixed, it should rerack and atleast give you a chance to clear the table. Fix and I will change my r...Full Review", "too buggy, constantly goes from whatever I'm doing to a screen that says connecting then about 3 seconds later goes back to whatever I was doing. Not my wifi that's doing it, nor the 2 other wifis I tried nor my 4g, it's the game. As with most freemium games, no matter what, they will not give you a...Full Review", "This is my first review ever, i downloaded this game and it seemed pretty good but as i progressed i realized its impossible to win, i dont know if my opponents are real because it just says guest. if it is a genuine person i believe all he does throughout the day is play this to be so good, but the...Full Review", "Good game. Decent controls. Small adjustments to the cue is easier on a bigger screen but still easy playable on mobile. I haven't had to spend a penny to continue play, which is a big \ud83d\udc4d for me. After reading a rewiew, I have to add, I also agree that its a shame you can't type in chat to other pla...Full Review", "you can get the gift cards for the late? I love you too baby girl and the goat cheese and crackers and cheese and crackers and cheese and crackers and cheese and crackers and a half and then the next email you and I have a meeting today at the office and the gift cards for the late reply my email ad...Full Review", "I'm so sick of losing big money on this game. I've played for years and this year it's either saying connection slow so you make tge pot and then they say youve run out of time which is utter rubbish or you pot a stripe and it says you've potted a spot. ive noticed this is only happening in big mone...Full Review", "Always says slow connection even when on wifi. On higher paying tables the game freezes most of the time causing you to lose your turn or lose the match completely. On all tables there is a lot of cheating/hacking or exploiting glitches going on. If you don't mind losing your coins to cheaters this ...Full Review", "I really enjoy this game. It's the one and only app I haven't everrrrr \"Uninstalled\"... Besides \"card games\". I have been playing for almost a year now. \u2606reward\u00bf\u2606 I always look forward to playing more 8 ball pool. It's almost winter time in Alaska, Haahaa. Great game to keep you from boredom when it...Full Review"], "Dancing Ballz: Magic Dance Line Tiles Game": ["It's a good game to play and each level, you have a nice song and I recommend that you should put headphones because it is easier to listen to the beat and helps you get a good amount of percentage. The only thing I would say is that the advertisements on here are usually annoying and glitches my ph...Full Review", "So far so good.. But sometimes its iretate me.its nice to play it.. Some level is hard to complete the 3 stars... i cant proceed to another level if i cant get atleast 2 stars..\ud83d\ude22\ud83d\ude22Im sad if i can't pass.", "i used to really love this game ... until you changed all the levels to make them easier. yes they were difficult but you still have some that are even harder... so i dont get the change. i want the old version back! :( when you'd fondly get passed a complicated part and then the beat drops! i mia t...Full Review", "Music is diverse and catchy, making each individual song/or stage unique . Great for that one person at every party whom isn't completely enjoying themselves. So, you kindly let that play to make them apart of the festivities!", "I really loved it..it also a hard game everytime you reach new level..btw im stuck at lvl 33..omg its so hard.This game is so fun at all and its music makes you feel crazy.This game sometimes lagg when you entering the level and make you fail for the first try.So Download it Now.Those who love remix...Full Review", "The game itself is fine but the intrusion of ads after every turn is a bit much. So is the fact that it sends you straight to the game store to download the very ads they are bombarding you with.", "I really like it BUT. Its not offline after playing 10 lvl the game became online PLS make it offline prepare the songon each lvl Pls", "Please try to make it lil bit slow so we can unlock the other music.. its getting hard when the circles sticks together.. thanks.. ilove this game..", "Games pretty sweet!! Awesome music ,Bt there is a bunch of ads between lifes so I'd recommend the no ads payment for sure, it's worth it in my opinion..", "Awesome game super addicting music. Rather challenging sometimes frustrating more than relaxing, look forward to new music", "Great Time killer Love it and a great time killer I was bord playing ugh POP JAM and then I played this and its MUSH better.", "I think its a great game, esp when ur just chillin got nothin to do, i higly suggest u play this game while ur high asf \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "A good game with nice music, already playing it all the time XD its already getting so hard too", "Really amazing for the music lovers.. and I am one of them.. so to me.. this game is a really nice game.. love it.. \u2764\ud83d\ude18 I finished all 46 levels.. and waiting for other levels... happily...\ud83e\udd17", "i enjoyed it so much!!! cool beat and the beat makes me feel like i'm in the game\u2764(\u04e6\uff56\u04e6\uff61)\u0295\u2022\u0300\u03c9\u2022\u0301\u0294\u2727 but can i suggest that we players can import our own songs? :) cayse it'll be a lot more fun :D thank you :D", "That song go's off beat, it lags alot and when ever their is a ad it takes me to the playstore ever though I did not touch it! \ud83d\ude21", "This is a really fun game I can say that it might be fun as funrun3 your games are really good keep up the good work", "Wow It's so nice and It's catchy music I love it. This one is so nice and musical. Tap and music is so nice and amazing.", "Vary difficulat and Most people like challenges make it more like Fortnite... LOL Jk love it", "This game an okay game I just think that the game needs better music. The beat of the music seems to not match with the map or taping.", "Everything was finr until i had to pay money to continue so i dont recommend this\u274c", "Amazing game with amazing visuals, would love it if it featured more songs", "i like this game but i find it a bit difficult but i can't remove it from my phone because i love music and it takes me to another world \ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc95 music's world\ud83c\udfa7\ud83c\udfb5\ud83c\udfb5", "U have to time it exactly on circle or it won't count; songs are all instrumental things no one really cares for", "mf theres too many advertise .....lessen the ads its irritating....... and thats why i am uninstalling", "I won unlimited lives from watching an ad, everything was great as I'd exit and enter the game and my unlimited lives would still be there until now where I went in and my lives were on 18, whats the score here? otherwise I like the game.", "I was horrible it kept glitching on my new tablet what a waste of my time", "great game for a bit of time wasting, good selection of music from dubstep,edm and a lot of others, game play is easy enough but can get harder if your bad a timing, good job!", "unlocking new levels system is soooooo stupid.", "i love the music specially the one when u dont have the level it plays this amazing song", "I know this is bassically a rip off of dancing line or whatever, but I installed this one for the different music selection, and I enjoy these songs more.", "bad you have to wait to go if you have no hearts", "This Game is Awesome!! The graphics are fluid and seamless the music is killer, you get really sucked in. Definitely play this game with headphones, makes the experience soooooo much better. Would 100% pay for this app.", "This game is by far the most fun of all the games i have on my tablet. i have not found a game that is more challenging.", "It was really really great! I love this game!", "Love it!!! Very cool game\ud83d\udc4cWho ever made this game I need to kiss!! \ud83d\udc8b", "Sometimes tapping doesn't work even if you have it", "Best. Day. Ever! 2nd place best game!", "I hate when games have lives.", "Im addicted at level 5 unity by the fatrat"], "FUNNY FOOD 2! Educational Games for Kids Toddlers!": ["my 3 yr old enjoyed it but it would be better if the levelof difficulty increased and also the number of games played before the applause.", "Fun, but not enough dress-up options, quickly lost attention span", "my grandson loves this game he particularly likes the pizza building and the food dressing subgames", "awful, just full of ads", "To many adverts", "very fun for kids", "in the words of my 3 year old \"its good\" \ud83d\ude01", "Great app my granddaughter loves it", "just advertisements", "nice app for kids to learn", "cool", "My 4 year old son loved this game until he had a screaming fit with tears rolling down his face when he tried to access the advertised apps at the top of the home screen. Wish I'd paid more attention to reviews as now have to uninstall a really good app due to constant adverts.", "my daughter likes it and I think its ok but why cant we turn off the sound? it can be very annoying. please fix.", "Yeah you open the app up and you can only play one game and then it asked \nyou to pay $3.99 which I don't think it's fair for parents wanting their \nkids learn to do stuff", "My 3.5 year old daughter absolutely loves it and is progressing more and more coordination + skills. Pitty I have to pay for the rest of the games, but good cheap price", "Fun and educational games. Plenty of free stuff to tempt you to invest in other locked modules. The pizza cutting was tricky to control for my toddler though. Liked it a lot.", "It's ok but to do any other bits you have to buy it, may aswel install a different free app", "My daughter likes it but I wish you could do more activities", "There is more in app purchases than games for the kids. Stupid stupid", "This is a great app my little brother loves it thanks for making it", "Love the graphics! It is a very fun and educational game for my 2 year old. Thank you.", "My boy loves it..funny n educative..with gud graphics n sounds", "I like the game and it's making me learn and it's making me do stuff", "How do I restore purchase for this game?, bought it on my phone but still locked on my son's tablet.", "My 3year old is truly amazed and enjoys this app", "It is the best because it helps my cousins and my sister", "Very nice and useful for kids to be able to learn and enjoy at the same time..", "Good simple games for the kids. Not too expensive for all the content.", "Bought it. Wondering if I can use it on multiple devices using same account.?", "Once all bought it's very entertaining and teaches colours, sizes, shapes, numbers even comparing etc. Well done", "Great learning games for children! Purchased full version", "I just started and it's good", "Great app. My two year old and my five year old simply love it!", "I love this game im 3 so im a kid :D", "Only has 3 games to play rest are all locked or have to download", "You download the game but have to buy all the programs in the apps", "It is the best game", "Really good job", "Such a great game with so much to do and learn! My daughter loves it!", "Very bad app"], "Stick War: Legacy": ["the game was at first very nice however after an update tournament became much harder,before it was possible to win on hard without having to buy specials and spend real money,now if you dont spend money you will hardly win at all. the AI will straight uo CHEAT to keep up with you for example you ha...Full Review", "I am sorry with my ignorant reply, it seems that your Chest update completed my request already. My only request would be to expand the storyline. I would like new stuff to do. New characters to play and use. New tactics and maybe new backgrounds and music. That'll tremendously increased this games ...Full Review", "fun lil game to pass the time. Endless deads mode be my go to. got some skins, the devs make them easy to obtain, but random. just gotta get to fighting. wish we could see a bit more of a upgrade system, maybe the club for the giant, be a boost for endless. Great Game", "the game failed to load on my device. i have played this game on other devices and it worked but it won't work for me on this device. if i can't play it I give a bad review. however the graphics look like all the other stick games so in that. graphics get a four star", "I played the PC equivalent ages ago back when it was up on Kongregate and Armour Games and honestly been playing it a bunch since I got it on my phone a few days ago and it's a pretty good version of it and it's almost exactly how I remembered it. The Giant is still a dick to fight but one that buy ...Full Review", "This game is really awesome. Even though some haters are saying that the giant on the last level is too hard, it really makes the game fun and tests your strategy. However, please add a pvp mode that would be amazing. This is a great game and everyone should download it.", "overall a great game, but it keeps restarting my phone for no reason. whenever I beat a level, it restarts my phone every single time. it's really irritating, and I even lose a lot of progress on the Endless Mode because of it.", "Pretty lazy of the developers to not have a PVP mode. Or you're just incapable? This game would be awesome if you could compete with other players and friends.", "THIS GAME IS GREAT WOULD BE EVEN BETTER IF THERE COULD BE A (VS MODE) WHERE YOU CAN PLAY AGAINST (FACEBOOK FRIENDS) \ud83e\udd3c\ud83c\udffd\u200d\u2642\ufe0f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f \ud83e\udd3c\u200d\u2640\ufe0f that way I can battle my friends head 2 head. PLEASE CONSIDER THIS IDEA !!!! it would boost the rating and become the game of the year.", "in the next update or sooner version in this game i want to battle real people meaning, i want to have a multiplayer in this game and can be Bluetooth or WiFi connection is your own choice creator or developers. I just want this update sooner so it will make it more fun to the people so please let t...Full Review", "This game just keeps getting better then when i first played it, 5 stars from me since you added a zombie mode :) however i think you could do more improvements (one example would be adding 1 special skin for each army member, that would be awesome :) ) Keep up the good work", "I already cleared campaign in the easy stage, but it reset all my current progress every time i change the difficulty of the game. I guess it needs more new maps, stuffs, or etc. Since it's somewhat repeative and boring to play again.", "it is fun however the game is slow paced because just like the original, it is extremely difficult towards the end game. even on normal. i like the mixing of the first and second game, the new costumes for the characters, and some new designs. overall it is a fun and nostalgic experience", "Wow!! Awesome! it is truly amazing and it strategies are very good but still need update like (horsemen) it would really be cool the Golden legend Spartan is supposed to be given after finishing the story so that It would lead the Spartan in war really interesting and also need a lot of stages the g...Full Review", "it is good to me and my family and friends that are not the only once thet likes it when you get to know what game it gets worse you get to the bos your in a. big deal to. win or lose it all in the is fun it is the best game ever how evr med. this game is the best thank you so much for making this g...Full Review", "once you get close to death you die. thats it. no stoping it. if you have a quarter of health left you just die. its stupid", "Great start then level 4 or 5 you get fantastically over powered enemies who can suddenly spawn a mass of ridiculously over powered reinforcements as soon as it looks like you might win.... Poor form guys, I will not pay to win...", "this game is the best but all I wish for is that there can be online events and you could go against your freinds and you can make your own profile in the game and character. please do this \ud83d\udc4c\ud83e\udd19\ud83e\udd18\ud83d\udd96\ud83e\udd1e\u270c\ud83d\udc4d", "love the game! addicting, but i wish you could turn the sound effects and music off permanently from the menu screen. thats my only complaint", "one of the best games I have ever played one can never imagine even that stick man games can be so interesting waiting for its 2nd part also or some big changes in this one only", "The level of ads on here is ridiculous. I've taken to downloading the apps advertised just to rate them one star. I recommend everyone else do the same, let's break these greedy bastards.", "ok IT G9T RID OF MY 6 GRIFFFIN THE GREAT MY eight elites and 13 golden Speartons and 16 meric and I pay so much gems please give me it back", "My childhood gaming brought to mobile. This game is Amazing! Ads don't get in the way, there are many game modes and different strategies, and it keeps getting updated. Only 4 stars because I think this game has way more potential than it uses. making new campaign maps, Multiplayer mode, new charact...Full Review", "Brings back old memories of playing this on the family computer when I was 8. Very good remake and brings nostalgia. I only hope that they add a vs mode against a person, it would make the game 10x more fun.", "It is super fun if your looking to get.it get now!!!!!!! also the skin update is super cool.and the chest give you so much gems!!! and skins which are great. also please get rid of Wesley!!!!!!! he is so annoying in tournament \ud83d\ude2d Max game studio please online 1v1's or 2v2's", "To make this game with new characters we need to make this game strong first we need to put more levels in the campaign second we need to make a new skins to the gaint and the rest of the soilders third ww need to make to make a online tournament and to make friends to battle in wars together trust ...Full Review", "an all around fun remake of the original game that expands upon more aspects than the previous two with references to both. great game, id love to see a sequel if possible!", "its a challenging and fun game. i feel like the game got harder since i last played it though. i think they should tweak the final level in champaign mode to make it a bit easier.because ive ben on it for a while now.", "Needs more content. For now it feels lacking. Also holy crp the skins arw expensive", "I love it an awesome time killer such good graphics too I would love it if you could design your own statue and can you add a daily gift thing if so that would be awesome", "Addicting and nostalgic game for people who enjoyed playing stick war 1, and 2, but would like that experience ro not be such a one win and go.", "Great game. I absolutely loved it. Just one suggestion, can you make the vamp skin 2000 gems instead of 3000 because it takes ages to save that many without buying any with real money.", "you should make the max men to 60 and add. a new unit you still didn't.do wut I want i aditid so i can make the rate go down o im the prsin give ing you most money", "you guys, this game is great and the creators need ti do more with it, make a ton more campaigns, but don't overcomplicate it. but this game is one of the best out there", "its a great game. I've played this game for years on PC didn't even know they had it on phone till I saw it. should defiantly give it a try.", "fun game, easy controls, and not a lot of ads. Also all the different options allow freedom in picking your own tactics and strategy.", "I think it is an amazing game but I think you should be able to sell your Comand Points for gems and add extra upgrades too if no selling points", "love the bew dead zombies gameplay and the skins and new chest definitely more challenging and probably the only game i play 95% of the time", "Hey dude in the final level delete that giant its not fair i broked the statue it means i win but in the final level cheaters", "Awsome game, played few months ago and finished everything then it got boring. They need to add PVP into it and some updates with new maps or something."], "Traffic Racer": ["Thank you for adding more cars. I love it! \ud83d\ude0d The developer can also add \nmore cars such as Pagani, Koenigsegg, Ford Shelby, Chevrolet Camaro, \nCorvette, Porshe and many others. Just suggesting. \ud83d\ude09 And if the developer \ncould create a game mode where we are chased by the police would be fun \ntoo. \ud83d\ude0a...Full Review", "okay when I started playing the game it was fine. But as time went on I began to get better at it. and it's okay for game to evolve I suppose, but this game seems to be doing the impossible in the police chase which takes the fun out of the game. OK guy's it's not real to have the car skip two lanes...Full Review", "I love this game, I loved it before, I love it now and I'll love it for ever. It helped me through some horrifying times in the first few years of my multiple sclerosis as it continues to do so. Thanks people. I don't love this game anymore, my phone keeps eating all my progress, lost count of the a...Full Review", "It used to be a great game. Then for some reason it started to erase \nprogress when I closed the app, and I purchased one thing in game and that \npurchase went away with no way of getting it back. I recently got a new \nphone and wish I could restore my progress from that game. Not happy that \nmy pur...Full Review", "I played this game two years ago and this game even better then before! The controls are still fantastic and you can get new and better cars super quickly. The commercial breaks a very short and not that often. I really can't say enough good things about this game or the developers. There is absolut...Full Review", "Plz add more efford into the game. The textures of the map are horrible. Also the cars are so low textured. Thats all i complain. But, the crashes. Just make it like when i crash, the car takes damage but will break down in the end. So plz. I like the game at the same time.", "+ Great gameplay & controls. + Lots of cars and nice progression. + Ads are not invasive. + Permission are non privacy-invasive Update:it keeps asking for for google+ info including full name, profile id. this is unnecesary and invasive. not reducing star rating because i can deny it and seems to st...Full Review", "I've been playing this game since it was first launched. After that I \nchanged my phone and decided to take a break from this game. However I \nre-installed this game yesterday and was genuinely surprised to see \nadditions and improvements made to this game. You guys should add more JDM \ncars like Ma...Full Review", "Got bored after two days. Same roads for all seasons why buy winter. Cars \nour om but really 475,000 to play police. Needs something to add to the \ngame to keep our interest, good luck", "It's a great t8me killer, perfect for little boys! Especially when they are \nbeing annoying.\ud83d\ude02 the graphics are mice, and it's perfect because it can be \nfor anyone. There is free mode, you get an extra 500, which can buy u even \nanother car, there are different settings, it's amazing.", "I really like this game. I play with my family and friends and we compete! \nAnd I'll be happier if you add car's names\ud83d\ude0a And another thing... The \npolice car isn't fast enough and when I use the break It takes so much time \nto get close to the criminals!", "Only got this because I wanted to get my favorite car the Evo unlocked, and \nwhen I did it got boring fast and i just stopped playing over all. It's \njust one of those games you lose interest in within a couple days and \nuninstall it.", "Only 1 complaint: Where's the 1st Person View? Should be more like your \nTraffic Rider game. Was a bit disappointed mainly because of that. I play \nan extremely similar game, but only because of the PV view. Add that option \nand I'd gladly change back as I think this game is better \ud83d\ude0a.", "The game is pretty fun! But why everytime an ad comes it's literally a girl shaking her ass while a dude watches??? (LiveMe videochat, Bigo live) Come on now my little sister and brother play this game! Please fix this", "Update idea: cops that can chase you around the road if you're going over the speed limit and you have to maneuver around so the cops crash into the cars on the road. This update I feel will be good for the game so I think you should try it.", "I really enjoy this app. It gives me a lot of action, but also makes me laugh going into the oposite lane. I highly recomend this app for long car rides, plane rides, or just at home when you are trying to kill time.", "Very good and interesting game. I love to play with it but I can't understand that: I paid once from my table for \"double scoring\" but it's not appeared to my smartphone even  using the same Google play account. Unacceptable...", "This a really cool time passing game but there are a few constant glitchs. \nOne is that i always notice that i am down onethounsand rollers each time i \nlog in. I don't know if this happens to everyone. But overall i think this \nis a really good game and i think everyone should try it.", "I really like this game but there has to be a problem.... The top speed is 102 and then it gets rlly boring when u can only go up to a certain number. Plz make the car to faster and speed. The other problem is when I want to turn (I changed the controll) it was not working... Otherwise great graphic...Full Review", "i've been playing this game like 3 years from now. but i deleted it because it was too bored for me, and i saw this game again i feel like i want this game back 'cause i just had 6 games in my tab. so i wanna add this game to make it seven...nice job", "If you wanna waste your time it's probably the best game, I mean great graphics, lots of cars with their upgrades & smooth game contorol are good; but when I find that it encourage me to drive faster and more likely to a drunk person! And for that it give me bonus , I actually     delete it. Many pe...Full Review", "Overall good, but needs more than 1 police car to keep up with faster cars or the only cop car needs more upgrades. Police chase mode is kind of buggy when you ram a racer from the side you glitch into them. Also would be nice to add a police chase mode where you're running away from cops.", "love this game! but it gets boring and repetetive. so try to add missions or challenges that would make it a more fun game. everything else is fine even the graphics.Also increase the money income, its hard to earn. also change the vehicle sounds it sounds boring.", "It's a fun time burner when you have a bit of time to kill. Cash flow ain't as fast as some but if you really want it either course grind to get better or pay to add money. \ud83d\ude04 Fun game though.", "Perfect game to kill some time. So far it hasn't glitched on me once and the adds aren't constant. Also most of the time you get points if you watch the add all the way through, so that's pretty cool.", "Please improve the graphics. And please add sensitivity level for the controls. And it would be awesome with NPC vehicles like oil trucks, cement trucks. These would be great and if you do add these then add oil spills and more!", "I deleted many times of low space in mobile  but again i installed in mobile because its such addicted and best for free time entertiner.. I love this game and i sure you will never regret for dowload if you love driving..", "I've been playing this game ever since I was little and it has always been \nmy top game. It's simply Awesome and challenging, addictive, what I love \nabout this game is the graphics and all the types of cars you can unlock! \nThe game is just really awesome and I'm thankful they added more things to ...Full Review", "By far the best app on play store! But one minor problem for me, I'd like \nto recommend a car that'll really fit in the game well, which is the Mazda \nRX8 sports car! If this car was in the game I'd be so happy \ud83d\ude03 thanks! I \nwanna see it!!!!", "This is an alright game the only thing with it is it is a bit trick with \nkeeping straight, with other cars they just cross lanes right in front of \nyou and you have no time to stop the breaks are very sensitive and some \ncars just crash right into you and get you out. However, this game is \ntricky ...Full Review", "This is a great game for someone who doesn't want a ultra complicated game.the only problem is I have advanced too top line cars on my other phone and now it's gotten kinda herky jerky. I wonder if it's because I haven't spent any money I wrote a complaint on feedback but so far no change", "I remember playing this game with my frend when it had 5k downloads i was using a tablet and he was using the onld samsung Galaxy gsm. Its fun to play and meh graphics but dosint waste your battery so thats fun.", "Wonderful game, really enjoyable and addictive! There is one thing that could be improved upon though - it's a bit simple, i would like to see some corners and buildings and damage when you crash but keeping them near realistic graphics.", "It s incredible. I have no words how good it feels to dash with a pickup truck on the other lane. This was my childhood game, I haven t touched it in years. I totally recomand it!", "It's fun for a while but starts to get boring. Not a whole lot to do and \ntake forever to buy new vehicles considering how expensive cars are. There \nare a few ads but not enough to bug me.", "To many in game purchases with real money make more adds and not as many \nreal life purchases and maybe a highway mode where everything is ssuper \nfast paste and there is an ending to it like some kind of destination point \nbut besides that I LOVE IT and im addicted", "I really like the way it feels good control in the poem of your hands, and \ni hope that it stay that way and I really didn't rate the game to fast. All \nto say keep up the good work with this one please don't make me into a \nlarge lieyer.", "Pretty fun game. Hard to earn money though, takes a long time to unlock new cars. The game should have side challenges you can do to earn faster cash. all in all a good game", "This is a simple game and nothing really fancy about it but it makes me \nsmile as I play; something that Subway Surfer and that other game, the one \nwhere you are running through the jungle. This game is really fun!", "I loved this game and I think it desreves 5 stars.  I challeng you all to rate and love this game as (love it) I really think and sure you will never forget it in your life and many it's the only game you will need in your life.  You must like it.  It's really cool and it let you feel like you are i...Full Review"], "Rulet Kazanmatik": [], "Spades": ["The game is pretty fun to play.. But it frequently freezes upAnd it says to swipe to continue but it will not let you and you have to close out of a 1/2 played game", "The game is good, default values are a little different than I was used to. i have not tried online play. Gave it a 4 star because of the ads that interrupt the game between hands.", "it was OK, but not very realistic in how people actually play. also I don't know how many times the opponents both were dealt no cards of one suit or the other, in the same hand.", "when I play with my partner if we go over a certain amount of books we get set back but the other team do it they don't other team went board and got 11 books no set back", "the game itself is ok, but, there comes a point of the game where your instructed to click on the next ad, collect 40 pts., yadda, yadda., and nothing happens.? I'm not able to continue with the game. At this time, I have yet to complete one game. So if I were to rate this game right now, I'd have t...Full Review", "Sucks. Game continually deals AI spade stacked hands. Friggin opposition AI continually bids 7 or 8 and makes.", "Ok but it jams at end game for ad that don't pop up screen freeze", "love playing. however it says to click on next ad for 40 pts. there is nowhere to click for ads. DISGUSTED!!", "Of the 6 different spades games I tried, this is the best one I tried. Guess it all depends on what one gets used to.", "it's an ok game, but it always seems like my computer partners don't know how to bid properly.", "The the updates have not inproved the way the Android's play. They either underbid or they play stupidly.", "I enjoy this app a lot. Is there an option where you can speak with the other players with a comment. Great game?", "Nice, quick diversion fun and easy to play!", "great game, hate how you have to pay to stop the ads. bs lol", "I LOVE IT PLAY ALL THE TIME", "just like real game. some com players are idiots though", "I get kicked out of game after every ad", "cool game if u want to kill time", "decent game, but where is the paid option to get rid of the ads?", "Very addicting, can't stop playing the game!", "boooo too many ads, dumb AI, keep scolling", "Alot of fun to play i love it!!", "I just can't stop playing.", "very fun and easy to play I wish I could play with other people online instead of the garbage ass computer", "I remember playing Spades as a child, loved it then and still love it. Being able to play against the computer is awesome.", "I love the game it's challenging and you have to be on your toes", "Fun game but I never played where you could trump on the first hand.", "this is my first time playing spade on any site. and i gotta tell ya, its been a great time", "fun, but freezes up after each hand, then have to start over", "Off the chain and lots of fun", "sucks sweaty monkey balls", "AI has amazing hands to play. They always have the high cards and they are trump tight.", "hands suck 80%", "the computer players are terrible.", "great game. only wish they detailed the rules so you can learn faster", "good game ever played", "Wants u in the its hard to jump out a eye catcher", "uploading sometimes a little sliw, but all in all, very easy ap to use and fun.", "I like it.", "It was good to see if I could get enough wins for a good position for placement"], "FIFA Soccer": ["What the heck is happening I can't play FIFA mobile for week. I tried opening lot of times every time its shows no internet connection.My internet works fine.Only for FIFAmobile it doesn't. Is there a certain internet speed to play on or you gotta pay then you will get to play nicely \ud83d\ude20.First FIFA 1...Full Review", "Love playing the game & all the various gameplay options including the ability to play individually or with different levels of social interaction. I however have been unable to purchase FIFA points since at least the new year. Hopefully I can get some assistance with this issue... would probably gi...Full Review", "To improve this game which we all love the pc version. you gotta work or redo a lot. first of all take customer feedbacks. next we play our asses out for 4-5 hours day period to literally gain nothing.u guys being gold diggers i will literally post this comment along with the copies i have of how u ...Full Review", "pretty addicting and fun competitive game but regretfully it feels like a pay to win in a way. you can certainly play the game as it is ranked but if you are really good you will get ranked so high that most your opponents will have 10-20 overall point above you. and it's really hard to gain any goo...Full Review", "The worst FIFA Game so far and also the best. The idea of having the ability to upgrade my players is amazing and needs to be kept! But please allow us to make subs and to change sides after each 45 minutes. On another note, think about releasing a FIFA 19 Mobile Game, the free version only allows y...Full Review", "The only thing I wanted to tell is that the game shows that the master players are very rare and we have a chance of getting them but trust me I have been playing fifa for a lot of time and I never got like a player in like chance or in free packs. I do not even get silver players. So I suggest that...Full Review", "I just can't watch ads for gaining rewards. In their help forum their guy from support tells to close and reopen the game. Seriously? You are a big company, with so many programmers and professionals and you tell us to close the app and reopen? Even though I find that funny, these several days I kee...Full Review", "Please give me back the previous season. I made a 125 overall team in 9 months and suddenly due to this update I've lost my dream team which I made. Please give us back the previous Fifa.. We demand the old FIFA . This one is worst graphics are very bad and game is also not realistic. Fifa 18 was th...Full Review", "FIFA mobile 19 has outstanding gameplay graphics but player cards is not as good as previous year edition and chemistry is not good for line-up, if chemistry gets good then ovr gets decreased. h2h system is f*** and no way to earn fifa points by completing daily activities only buy from store is not...Full Review", "I have an unclaimed pack and keep getting the same error everytime I go to claim it. Game is now unplayable. was enjoying it up until now. Update: issue seemed to be resolved but now the same error is happening again with vs attack and not being able to collect rewards. how many times does this have...Full Review", "there are too many bugs and glitches but Champions league and UEFA are good and Leagues are too good . The graphics are better now, we can see the light shine on players and shadows . but please try to increase the size of the game to at least 100 MB . and please try to add the commentary mode and w...Full Review", "Ads playing in background while playing game. Head To Head Matches Getting Lag!! In H2H & Vs attack matches getting crash when playing against lowest ovr team, It doesn't looks like a mistake or a bug! Overall Good Game.", "This game has so much going for it, but overall, it fails to live up to the potential. On VS Attack, opponents are scoring before I can start, still scoring when my time is up, and scoring when my game is frozen due to the lagging issues. Clear corner or foul and play is restarted without giving the...Full Review", "This new season is very frustrating! Opponents with lower ovr get more chances! My team ovr is 98 ovr (120 chemistry) in this season but while playing vs attack matches against 92 ovr I got only 6-7 chances (1-2 great chances) while 90 ovr opponents got 12-14 chances in which they got 2-3 great chan...Full Review", "Eu gostei bastante mais achava q se a pessoa for jogar offiline n\u00e3o pressisace de internet eu sei q tem o modo online mais se quando tivese sem internet aparecese q tava sem internet numa pagina e falace q podia entrar numa sala offline se a pessoa quisece ela esperava a internet voltar ou ia pra sa...Full Review", "this game is wrost. because when u hav the ability to win a match this game will automatically throughout from the server or ur goals will cancelled.. game will told this isa glitch or network issue on ur connection.. graphics wise it's good.. Ohh! Hello please fix this issues. otherwise in someday ...Full Review", "Been playing FM for a while. This is by far the best version for free to play players. Its way easier to progress compared to previous seasons. However there are still some issues with H2H which need to be fixed. Overall balanced game. Excited to see how you guys will bring new content and events.", "It is a good game and I would give it 5 stars if not for the VS Attack game mode. The chance rating is really poor and unfair. I had played a person with 91 ovr and 120 chemistry while I had 94 ovr and 120 chemistry and I had 0 great chances while he had 3 great chances. The game is good but the VS ...Full Review", "Need career mode, can't be fifa without it, My friend Managed to hack game to look into all details on why this game should be taken down and restructured, its built in with 90% A. I robots when it's meant to be genuine people online. IT WANTS YOU TO KEEP PLAYING, Loop hole has also been FOUND IN Ea...Full Review", "I've played vs tonight a few times and won but it then says it will be a moment wait for other player to finish. and it's stuck on the screen for about 10 mins now. It's a joke. So would really like someone to reply to this from ea sports mobile game", "terrible game. i cant see anything on the matches because its always fully white or pitch-black. please fix this. I've played 2 seasons of FIFA MOBILE and this has never happened to me before. I really dont want to have to uninstall this game.", "I would give it 0 star if it is possible.. this game was best ever game I've found it at first but as i go on playing it gets worst and worst specially vs attack i have 94 ovr and I have lost consecutively 6 time with lower ovr than me because they got more great chance than me and also the bar is m...Full Review", "1/2 star for resetting new content with similar sh!ts... not much different n you have to spend hella $$$$$ for get good players then after awhile they reset everything, all the $ u spend from last season will be garbage. waste time n $.$. uninstalled. try to play it and see if its true \ud83e\udd14\ud83d\ude0f\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude05 ?", "I love this game. as good as console version.. I REALLY HOPE EA make a game FIFA not only Ultimate team, but we can play Manchester United, Barcelona. playing career mode. Like manager mode, league, cup. I REALLY REALLY HOPE THAT'S GONNA HAPPEN", "Hey plz fix the error I am going to describe..... Whenever I try to open the game it does not load properly..... It shows poor Internet connection even if the Internet connection is excellent... All the other apps work while only FIFA Football does not work..... Plz fix it... I'm not being able to p...Full Review", "Its not booting up at all!! ALWAYS BLACK SCREEN, EVEN IF I HAVE EXCELLENT INTERNET! Last two seasons were good but this season is the worst. So much bugs, problems, errors etc.Please fixed them as soon as possible", "THIS GAME IS FIT AND FINE BUT HAS SOME ISSUES!! WHY U HAVE NOT ENABLED TO GET THE CLUB'S KIT LIKE FIFA 18???? WE DON'T WANT OTHER JERSEYS... WHAT WILL BE THE USE OF CHOOSING A PARTICULAR CLUB IF ITS KIT IS NOT PROVIDED!! THANK YOU! YOURS SINCERELY!!", "Since the last update my game doesn't work (My device is OnePlus 6). It boots up and it shows the news and here I can't do anything, neither close the news or in general even taping it. Going to the external site also doesn't work. Pretty much can't play the game. Pretty much can't do anything in ge...Full Review", "The game is nice. I like to have some more features like commentary and changing post.Choose set piece taker.Help us to make substitutions. Players get suspended for red card. Fans in low graphics. Some leagues and cups. More events like team of the year. More than one skills for talented players.", "A step back from FIFA 2015 mobile game. Less options, less customization i.e. no substitutes during match and formations can't be changed either during a match. That's not realistic. Other than these niggles this is still a lot of fun with great graphics and player movements", "the developers are a joke! Vs Attack mode has no fluidity whatsoever.. total nonsense. game 100% designed for you to spend real money and the prices arent even realistic. hire new developers that actually know what they doing with. AI horrible.", "I think that the ea standard has gone down and that Fifa 14 is way better even though it released 4 yeas ago. Please bring it back, or at least make Fifa mobile like Fifa 14 with fut . I really hope you read this as I love the Fifa franchise and hope that it gets back to its old greatness", "Fifa Mobile Vs attack is pathetic: 3 out of 5 games always ends abruptly and I end up losing vs attack points. please coorect the same and it will be a 5 Star Game", "Overall the game is very good but there is one error in the profile display menu. It shows that the player hasn't played any vs attack matches even though the player has. Hope you would heed to this. Today ,I was not able watch ads in the events section , plz see to this", "Awesome game...while graphics are not quite great.... But whatever game play....& the events are great...there should be some more options like voice chats & many others to interact with opponents & most likely it has bugs...like when you are Winning to much they we try to disconnect your internet o...Full Review", "The game is improving day by day. With keeping in mind to fix all the problems , it is also missing out certain big problems . For the last few days , my market is opening but after that niether the search bar nor the sell bar is opening . Whenever I click on search , it opens to my listings and whe...Full Review", "i have problem regarding advertisement rewards. Your latest event TOTY we can get 3 TOTY points through ads but i am not able to watch it. i have clicked screenshot regarding same so if required a can give it to you", "This game was good before this stupid update.It does not gives me play Head To Head. It says performance may be impacted. Nothing works better in this game now. Now this game is worthless.Even I can't chat on my league.The league chat only shows who came and who left the league.I can't write anythin...Full Review", "Give better player cards. In campaign, I have to beat a 90 ovr team just to get a couple of 70 ovr players. This doesn't make sense at all. Players dont pass where I want them to. Unnecessary long passes even when I am trying to pass a nearby player. Controls of the previous version were much better...Full Review", "Ehy i have a problem... When i enter the game it doesn't let me play cause all the commands arent working pls fix this cause i dont wanna loose the toty event which i was doing well \ud83d\ude21"], "Race the Traffic Moto": ["Game is great but I have to wait forever for it to load downloading. Good part: It's really fun and it has great controls. Luckily it has a stopping button and go. And it has a left and right. Bad part: Loading takes a long time, for me. It frustrates me. When I really need it it lets me down. Oh by...Full Review", "mind games with children that are cyber victum of atl,an springfield ga debra parkerson mimbs. macon ga stop the mind control over children an familys exspecially mine . i reported this to fcc an president in 2014", "I love this game so much it makes me want to cry I love the game so much I cry about it this game is so good my kid even love this I am a guy giving person I love everything everything they post I will get it sometimes I will do so bad things there or anyone I mean anyone and my name is jamya Shephe...Full Review", "This game is very well and I am sure I loved it it's functions is very good.... Please I request you to please install the app.", "When they crash they still go but when we crash we fall off the bike.", "This game is very dangerous and hard control.", "Really this game have very difficult controls", "This game is like road rash", "After played this game I can do stunt in my bike etc", "Has cool night vision needs little more speed", "It's nice but a little to much ads", "Wwg means world worst game", "You you are a very good game l", "Is m koi level q niii h r na koi challenge ?", "You guys got the best games in the world", "It is a really bad game", "I like the game nothing to add or to remove", "It's So COOL!", "On my motorcycle electric drifting and showing people", "Nice game... Camera view is awesome.....", "Best game of 2018 2019", "Nice I liked this game", "It's a lot of fun", "Hatted very bad", "Hi loved this game", "Baba ji. Ka tuly", "hi loved this game", "Bad game.", "Very bad game", "Jatin singh kaler and Tushar \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "So cool.yeah\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude3b\ud83d\udc4d\u2764", "It was great game", "I love this game", "This is a good game", "Super fun and tricky", "Is very good", "Worst Control....", "Ipod BBC \ud83d\ude01.", "This cra5", "MD MERAJ"], "Lightning Link Casino \u2013 Free Slots Games": ["1/5/2019 This was a lot of fun, particularly while playing missions, until i got to Level 4. At 60% progress to Level 5, gameplay changed. In-game bonuses and lightning have almost entirely stopped. I played 4.5 million at 50k a bet on one game, and there was no bonus. 1/18/2019 I played 10 mil - $2...Full Review", "Spent $90 on coins n it didnt even let me play for long. Cashman is better...At least when u buy credits, it lasts and the value for money is better... Love the games on there but not worth wasting anymore money!! Review response Well maybe u should change that as it is NOT a real slot machine!!... ...Full Review", "looks like the real thing but payouts are not even the same. 5 fish in a row on 5 dragons give you a lot more than what this game gives you for instance. need to fix payout system. I get that its ment to be realistic but it's no where near it. hardly any spins give you more than your bet amount back...Full Review", "all the reviews are right. all these games are very common in new zealand. i have played for 8 years in pubs, coming to this online game it is all rigged. i myself design games so i can tell you it is rigged. please dont buy any coins, you will be wasting your money. And by the way it never pays bon...Full Review", "I love playing this game, all though it keeps wanting you to purchase more and more coins. The problem is you never give bonuses to keep playing you just get pop-ups to keep purchasing more coins. The game will suck you in and if you keep purchasing coins you will be broke! I would not suggest anyon...Full Review", "Not enough payouts even after you buy coins - very disappointing. Does not reflect the \"REAL\" casino games since the Grand and Major Jackpots are not activated until you bet, e.g., $100,000. Grand and Major Jackpots are active for the minimum bet (.50) in the casinos. This is rediculous especially c...Full Review", "This app is strictly after your money. Instead of allowing you to have fun playing, they simply take your purchase and burn it off so you will make another payment. Best games made are nothing with pathetic bonus features (if you are lucky enough to get one). It is NOTHING like Vegas ,because Vegas ...Full Review", "Not enough wins.  I've raised my bet and lowered it, I have tried everything it just eats away by balance and it's annoying to go back so often to get 20,000 rewards or it be doubled and then it disappears.  I do like the game", "Garbage ap Even if you buy chips,it never let's you play long. It's a scam. It'll give you 100k chips and the minimum bet is 24k.dont install or delete if you did install. Don't waste your time........ Thanks for your explanation of why your ap is so bad. Now that we both know what the problem is, m...Full Review", "takes for eeeeever to get a feature then after losing all your coins it will trigger only to pay you noooooothing...rinse and repeat...kinda fun...is it? edit: In reply - No, it is pretty much the same experience every time. cheers.", "Once you buy any coins at all, they will not hit at all trying to force you to buy coins every other spin also. Worse than at the casino with the odds. Save your time and money big Scam app! thanks for the response but as anyone can see from the holiday season your a full out liar as you can change ...Full Review", "Luv it y is the more chili game not loading its been doin this for a week now it says to contact u if yhis keep happening. the more chili game dont work whats the problem and why not add more good games like wicked witches", "Dont bother worse than a casino by far. They let u win the first couple of days, after that nearly impossible to win. They say same odds as casino. Wrong. This is not real money your paying for. 1 million of there fake money will last u about 3 to 4 minutes. Then they want 5 bucks for another millio...Full Review", "Betting minimum amount and it takes about 1-2 minutes to lose it all. No free spins, no feature, would be nice to try a few different machines but pretty hard with no credit. Why would I waste my own money for an extra minute or so of game play. Ridiculous. Is this app meant to put you off pokies?", "no play time cause min bets too high and no wins and start up points just suck now I got screwed got free spin bonus when lightening happens and neither time got the spins. fix your site or i quit wasting my time", "Help, I am trying to download the game but it keeps going to ERROR There was a problem downloading the game assets. I can't lodge a ticket as I am unable to load it. Thanks. I have already tried uninstall/ reinstall.", "Good game but my missions don't come up at all. My partner's has the missions come up on hers, she downloaded it 30 mins before I did. I just unistalled and reinstalled it and the same thing is happening. Please fix this and I'll change my rating or if not, I'll delete it \ud83d\ude15", "this is a really good game but if you run out of chips and have to wait 3 hours the bonus are terrible they are very small 95% of the time. once in a while might get a good bonus. also free spins and jackpots hardly come out. please fix. it's a good game but I don't think I'll continue to play if th...Full Review", "terrible game. pays worse than real machines do not make a purchase. the ganes pay 10\u00d7 worse after a purchase. i mistakenly have made a few and have bever won after a purchase", "I have had this app for 2 years. It is a disgrace. Not once have I had the daily jackpot and you can't win a thing. Purchasing coins just makes it greedier. The 15 min bonus is almost always 20000. Find another app to download.", "Very bad experience. Bonuses do not come up. I've gotten more bonuses from the actual Casino games these are based on.", "Even bidding the minimum, it only takes about 2 minutes to lose the coins that you wait three hours for. On the very rare occasion when I get free games or bonus features, I win very little. I would never even consider to buy coins with my own money with how terrible the payouts are.", "worst experience ever. lowest payouts ever that it's not even realistic anymore. just a money grabber don't waste your time!", "this app is just like the rest of the casino type apps bonus/big wins only happen to get you playing all the time and then the daily bonuses get lower and lower you can barely play the daily task to get extra coin", "absolutely terrible game, payouts are way worse and less common than a real machine which is absolutely ridiculous considering we are not even playing with real money. good try aristocrat but you guys are scum \ud83d\ude02", "good games but never win...You give 10000 in the start but then in the same breath you take it away...and never give anything back...This app you have greated doesnt make you wanna play ...the wins are so little ... You need to give free coins and better wins for people to wanna give you a good revi...Full Review", "Like the games and app, but to make a box randomly pop up to purchase coins right where ya press spin is just wrong. Why try to TRICK people into accidentally making a purchase. And you know damn well it pops up in that spot intentionally.", "DISGUSTING! Only want money! NEVER gives u any play time not even on your purchase! It's DISGUSTING!", "l wish l could give a high rating, but l have to be honest l was rather let down and shocked at your games, l played several games and had not one win !!! 10 million free chips could not let me win a single thing, games gave no free spins, very bad experience, and the convenient pop up signs to purc...Full Review", "To make this game good, at least let us win a little. The whole point of this game is to make you lose all coins, then force you to buy. This is a waste of an app", "it's funny how you can win a good amount but it always gets wiped out. it's just a money grab. free game but they want you to spend up big. not worth it", "Been playing for 3 or 4 days now spun in over 300 times now I think highest bet over 100,000 and still not one free spin not one big win you developers must be real proud of your game what a joke.I am no expert but this game must be the worst casino game I played.", "Like the real thing low payouts and rarely win. But you can't cash out if you do win like the real thing. Go to the pub. You have better chance there.", "great games but poor daily bonuses get a few spins and cant play anymore think I will just stick with other better games where you can actually play for more than 20 secs pick your game up guys", "everytime u buy credits u lose without fail spent almost 300 on this game and as in any aristocrat game they just suck your money pathetic", "It's like the real thing, totally!! And like the real thing you dnt win. It's a shame to build something great n destroy it by your money hunger", "very fun and exciting until you only get few spins and then it is payment time before you even see if it is a con or not. I will stick to the REAL Casino..thank you anyway", "Machines way to tight I feel like the machines at my local casino arent even this tight I went 15 spins without even getting one win I love the games but what's the point in having if you never win at all jackpot party casino is 100 times better I can at least win sometimes", "disgusting , cant play longer then 2 minutes. u wait for three hours to get 75 k , seiously go to hell, ya big scam", "Most invasive pop ups of any casino app, but maybe on the better odds. The canned response they give about \"same odds as the casino\" is pretty stupid because if I wanted real casino odds, I'd go to the casino."], "PES 2019 PRO EVOLUTION SOCCER": ["It's the best game I have ever played on my phone, so awesome and addictive. The new update is fantastic, the graphics is second to none but the latest update PES 2019 is slower compare to 2018 and it freak me out. Do something about this asap! My overall rating of this game, 2018 version is way bet...Full Review", "I have to say i have changed my previous stance on the game. Its now great! With the current update and time taken to adjust, I have to say that its now great Kinda like before but with improvements If i may, could you guys do something about friends, like inviting and playing a match seem tedious a...Full Review", "Updated Review for 3 Jan update. Defenders and Midfielders no longer ball watching. They will really defend now. Good. Strikers can no longer just run past the entire defence and whack the ball to score. You really need to have skills and team play. Good. GK are still dumb though. Previous version i...Full Review", "The gameplay on pes 2018 was much much better than this. Now the game lags even on SD845. Are you kidding me? The event mode scripting so obvious now. Yeah, the graphics is better but at what cost? Bronze ball Com goalkeepers saving like their life depends on it and my 92 Oblak trips and scores own ...Full Review", "it has become worse after the update. everyone anticipated a big massive step up from the old version but it turned out it is not as good. i think the new version has better graphics and is more detailed than before but all of these come at a price. The game controls arent as smooth or fluid as they...Full Review", "what you have done in the update?? all is same! i am not playing pes 2019 from 14 dec because of the problem on graphics. all player are like flying, where their hand where their head! my phone is 2GB ram. someone playing smoothly even they have 1GB ram. we was expecting this solve but there is no c...Full Review", "The Graphics are better than ever. The game is better than ever, smoother than ever. The Gameplay is extremely hard to play and to understand. But if u understand it once, this version is the EASIEST one. Really \ud83d\ude02 I like it now. But the Campaigns and Player signings need to improve. And yes Get som...Full Review", "I have to change my previous comment because everything is now wonderful... This game still remain the best\ud83d\udcaa Everyone I recommended it to love it. Also I just felt we should be able to do more with our GP, like being able to buy special trainers and I felt the manager should at least have more than...Full Review", "Gameplay is easily the best for a mobile soccer game. Unlike FIFA, strategy is meaningful, and wonderful crestive opportunities emerge as you play. You can easily develop a good team and stay challenged. Issues? I rarely use the campaign mode (not enough opportunity to earn rewards), and my / oppone...Full Review", "Horrible. Auto switching very delayed at times. A really annoying lag on my Huawei P10. It almost feels like the computer is designed to win in event modes? I play teams that are stronger and win by a reasonable margin. Play on event mode and I get destroyed. How is that? Also graphics glitch alot o...Full Review", "I worked so hard for almost 4 months to make my dream squad, but now a days some people are getting legend players using hack. Ban them, it's so painful to watch that someone is making a squad with legend players in just 5 minutes. Ban them, otherwise honest gamers will lose their interest from this...Full Review", "This guys just destroyed the game, you people should have left the pes 2018 the way it was. You just made d game useless, bad controls, players on the pitch look like zombies with their head all over the place. You just made me hate the game, this is my second download since you released 2019 the se...Full Review", "one thing is the commentary, barca is not my team and if am not playing with Barca and i score a goal it says true all barca they ve dan it again? so try and fix that, apart from that i like \ud83d\udc97 everything thanks so much for making us happy.", "The gameplay is okay, but when you play at the legend difficulty, your players are nerfed. I can't play as well as i would played normally. I know it is the hardest challenge but still if you didn't want us to win just tell us already. btw, my hazard, messi and cr7 could score a single penalty at th...Full Review", "i've been a beta app user since PES 2017. Pes2019 is very dissapointing for me as the game is now very lag which is not a problem for PES2017 or PES2018. i can't even play the game properly under wifi connection. it's so lagging. my device is a sony z5 premium which has no problem for the previous v...Full Review", "great graphics but i think you converted a good game to a game with a bunch of bugs. it is difficult to play the game,and especially defending was worst.the player response to your control is little bit late, giving opponents a chance to score.even though you are a good player in pes 18,you will eas...Full Review", "It is arguably the best mobile soccer game in the world. With great experience and quality. The graphics are superb and players reactions are like real life soccer players reactions. Everything about the game is perfect. But should be made to play it offline too. I'm addicted to the game. I have con...Full Review", "1. touch movement control is broken. it's so sensitive. i just slightly move my thumb left or right and boom it give sharp turn instead. bcause of that i can't properly adjust the player position. it really is frustating. 2. battery consumption: sucks. battery draining really fast, compare to other ...Full Review", "Undoubtetly pes 19 is the best game right now. players behaviour is not satisfactory. defence line can't defend properly though defenders get max level. goalkeeper has poor performance despite having max level. sometimes player pic gets disappear. plz fix those problems ASAP", "Well 2019 came in a few days late but with deep anticipation... this soccer game has definitely blown & flown for away from its competitors. I WISH THERE WAS A 10.5 STAR BUTTON ON GOOGLE BECAUSE, ***** THIS GAME JUST BROKE ALL RECORDS & I DOUBT ANY DEVELOPER(S) WILL MATCH THEIR SUPERIOR ELEMENTS THA...Full Review", "The AI sometimes is able to score everytime it shoots, doesn't matter at which part of the field. Button response is also awful, sometimes costed me a few games. Other than that, my team mates suddenly go near me and then the ball goes away from me. They also don't help to get the ball when it's nea...Full Review", "Quite interesting i must say. PES is the real deal. The major issue with the updated version is the gameplay which is lagging and it is frustrating and annoying. I think it has to do with RAM. Do well to fix this so phones with a middle RAM can play seamlessly. This issue could lead to KONAMI losing...Full Review", "A great game. Really adsicting if you are a football lover. Great graphics. But there are a few flaws too. We should have access to all the managers. There is as restriction on with the strength of the team due to which we cannot play the best lineup with all Black Ball players in it. If these thing...Full Review", "1.GAME IS STILL SCRIPTED. Doesn't the fact that people hate scripting enter your rats dick of a brain. What was the point of the update? To make it seem less obvious? No wonder users are decreasing 2.When the ball is in the bottom-corner of the display, the CONTROLS OBSTRUCT THE VIEW. Make the camer...Full Review", "so disappointed about the update, it looks more like a downgrade in graphics and fluidity of the game. plus i don't know what they did but I can barely follow the ball with my eyes, its a bit annoying... i had given the 2018 version 5 stars, i hope they look into these things.", "my problem is that the control scheme is too much into the screen where I cant see the players on the pitch sometimes my figures block the player. you need to change the camera so we can see the pitch from one line to the other line through lines please fix it", "Why are you guys cheating like this??? As per your information, today, 10/12/2019,you should provide us a FREE Black Ball. But where is it? You gave us one black ball before and you guys said that the other free black ball is on today. But you gave us only 25000GP. What's all this. Don't insult us l...Full Review", "graphics improved a lot. Gameplay too becoming very challenging. the problems which i experienced was the pressing and positioning. defending become very bad as my defenders doesn't press much and out of position as well. player switching also become very irritating as sometime it doesn't switch and...Full Review", "PES 2019 Getting better \ud83d\ude0a Old Review(Disappointed with PES2019 Update. Changes happens only on structure. No creative work on it. Feels that PES2018 was much better. Only happy with the improvement in replay video. COM players are Super star even in silver. They can run faster than black. It seems ...Full Review", "The game play is great. But funny to see that the COM always above your team skill and stress you up rather than entertaining. Lacking button when you want to move player when chasing ball with opponent, it mostly assume that you want to do passing.", "How the com play really unreal, the defender cant heading the ball, the striker always score the goal outside penalty box, the goalkeeper just like kiddo who never play as gk. Can you fix those? And another one, less than 30 BB against more than 300 SB in box draw. Its really annoying. Im not gonna ...Full Review", "the new update killed it. I've been pushing through trying to adapt my style and make the most of what used to be an unreal mobile game. 2018 was so finely tuned even after playing over a year straight that it would consistently blow me away. great balance, unique players, fun to play, and variabili...Full Review", "Review of pes 2019 update 1.gameplay is too bad... Need pes 18 gameplay 2.advanced control doesn't work smooth 3.in low brightness u cant even see the ball 4.pes 18 was addictive though it had energy bars.. Who cares if u remove the energy bar but the game is not good (will edit if any updates are i...Full Review", "i can hit the post 5 times and still end up with zero goal because the one i would have managed to score my players will block it. thunder gk can't save a shot from bronze players if ther is anything worst than 1\u00d7 i would have given u guys", "Uninstalled after 2 years of playing PES. Well done konami you've ruined the game. White ball NPC players score screamers from outside the box on regular difficulty whilst your black ball NPC defenders stand around like tards. If i were a pro footballer I'd sue Konami for misrepresentation.", "Wasted my 1.3 gb to download this new update and yet you people didn't fix anything. You guys are a very big disappointment. Poor blurry graphic Still no goal net Game still lags. I think I have had a enough. Just installed the game. It was fun while it lasted", "Well after long awaiting this... It came as a mess rather than an improvement. Graphics is terrible and could cause a nightmare, control slower than old version. Pes 18 was super dope, I usually stay awake all night for a peaceful game time but this time around I'm surely gonna uninstall this. I sho...Full Review", "third class game, 2018 is better than 19. very slow speed after update. control is uncntrolable bcz od worst speed. i check my data speed also for check i also switch my sim n try its happen same problem very worst update i dont like the game now bcz of worst control in game. i have to dissconnect t...Full Review", "This game was for rich people.. with short contract and expensive.. at last i don't have money (Gp) to renew contract and need to buy with gold coin and use it.. easy to get high value player but expensive to renew their contract.. i suggest to lower down the contract fees and and add long contract ...Full Review", "Konami, u guys are untrustworthy, u said all phones that play pes 18 will play pes 19 now explain how this ur lousy game lags on my phone that has 3gb ram 32gb rom that plays even pubg and all the others games. U guys are bunch of liars and scams. I will never forgive u for ruining such a splendid g...Full Review"], "Coloring & Learn": ["My kids love this app... I just hate that you have to pay to hide the adds otherwise it's great!", "my baby girl love this app", "my daughter love it....satisfied", "Wonderful app.", "\u0996\u09c1\u09ac \u09ad\u09be\u09b2\u09cb \u0997\u09c7\u09ae", "\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "nice", "good", "Boring color bahr nikal jate h", "great fun for my 3 year old", "I can learn to colour from this app", "my 2 two year old nieces love the app", "my daughter loves it", "noting but i like it", "to many ads.", "great game", "Waaaaayyyy too many ads for my child to enjoy this. I had to click out of ads every other minute.", "good for my kid", "very good", "great app", "fantastic", "love it", "Benificial for Children..", "the best thing about this is its totally free and less ads! my lil girl loves this app its all in one!", "good game, but could have a few more options", "my son enjoyed lot.. nice app", "very good App, but lot of ADS", "Good game for kids\ud83d\ude0a", "super app for my sister", "nyc app fr kids", "great for kids", "my 4yrs old nephew loves it so much. it helps him to improve his coloring skill", "so good game for children", "Good for my 3yr old son to learn this app . This is great", "I think it was the best bedding", "Great fr my 2yrs son", "Thanks so much for the game! \ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a", "amazing app for kids", "this game is so bad", "Very good"], "Sonic Dash": ["This update is interesting. Gives the game a feel that you can actually complete it now, graphics seem much deeper in colour, although after unlocking the beach zone the game's framerate drastically drops to a nearly impossible to play state but goes smoothly after zone has been loaded while airborn...Full Review", "The game is really fun and addictive! There are some suggestions I have to make it better, though. How about adding comic characters like Bunny or Sally? Also, I don't want to have to pay for specific characters. Could you make it so that you can either buy the character with money, or you can buy t...Full Review", "Thanks to this update, Sonic Dash has never been better. Two beautiful new levels, both Vector and Charmy playable, AND new single player features that have you coming back for more. I would like some actual leaderboard features in the future, but all in all: keep up the great work!", "played the game and collected many stars and over a hundred thousand coins only for my game to reset and loose all of my progress. Support assisted with some stars and no where near the coins I had. Than a couple weeks later after getting all my characters and a couple upgrades my game crashing for ...Full Review", "very fun. its just hard to figure some things out. been playing two weeks and have only got to fight the boss three times and i dont know how i even got him to come. should have a help option or atleast a pop up to explain how to do stuff. but still a very fun game for me or my seven year old.", "The game is pleasant the only problem is, I've upgraded my magnet to its maximum, the last upgrade can only be done with 10 red stars so I done that since I had 16. I then finish playing and closed the game, few minutes later I wanted to play it again, but my magnet upgrade was reverted back asking ...Full Review", "One of the best endless runners you'll find on an app store. It helps to be invested in the Sonic The Hedgehog franchise, but that isn't mandatory to enjoy this game. Been playing this game off and on for 3 years. The updates keep bringing me back for more!", "I am having issues with google play games login with this game. I have enabled automatic sign-in but it does not login most of the time. Even when logged in, achievements does not work. Otherwise a very good game. I will change it to 5 stars if google play login poblem is fixed.", "First experience on android and very disappointed. Very jarring experience compared to Sonic Forces (which at least has low quality setting which helps significantly). And area loading is incredibly disturbing with lands and characters justing popping up. Everything loads much more slowly everywhere...Full Review", "unlike most games that go through major changes, this game went through a major update and stayed amazing. the new building and level system is great, and the difficulty curve goes up slowly, but not too slow. great endless runner, and Sonic is perfect for one. some flaws, like the challanges going ...Full Review", "Sonic themed endless runner, that is great for killing time. It loads pretty quickly and the controls are simple but responsive, with gameplay representative of the Sonic franchise. is an endless runner after all. Continuous play progression puts all the collectables to use to upgrade and unlock cha...Full Review", "I love how the play style is like mobile Modern Sonic. The main reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because the Zazz boss battle, while interesting, is absolutely intrusive and it happens too offen. Could we make it optional?", "Used to think this game was quite good. However it just pressure's you too much into in app spwnding despite the fact it has absolutely ridiculous amounts of adverts. I almost wouldn't mind the adverts once in a while if it didn't crash your game mid run... Massively reducrd my opinion of this game.", "Added to your Avatar Error occurred Money necklace By robosapien626   Item Owned Try On This item is available in your inventory. Price Free Edit Avatar Type T-Shirt Genres All Updated Apr. 07, 2008 Description This is the money necklace! 45K+ Recommended Items money! ', creator: getCreatorHtml(item...Full Review", "The older version was way better. Now you have triple the ads, the controls don't work well, now u have a lagged up game that translates to longer running time. Keep the game simple and fun when updating. Please", "It's a great game to pass time. SEGA has done a really good job making this game! Thank you SEGA and HARDLIGHT for making this game the best running game I ever played in my life! Keep making games for people to play, relax, and enjoy! Just like me! Thank you SEGA and HARDLIGHT. And have a great New...Full Review", "i love this game because its really challenging but still really easy. the bad thing is that you dont get to choose your character till youve earnt it so if your a girl you have to be a boy. change this and this will be the best game EVER!!! \u263a \ud83d\ude22", "My data got deleted after over a week of hard grinding, all my unlocks are gone for no diagnosable reason. I was fine with the jank hit detection during a dash, I was cool with the unnecessarily long wait times for missions, I didn't mind the way the camera moves such that an obstacle immediately fo...Full Review", "a great and fun game. nice graphics and plenty to do. a little laggy at times, but i think its due to my phone (galaxy s7 edge). would recommend to anyone who enjoys these competitive score games", "This is a great time waster between tasks. Edit: I'm now encountering bugs when I choose to get into matches, but it's been stable during actual game play. Also, I'm loving the updates done since I last played a year ago: the map that shows where you are in the trail with rewards, Multi-player optio...Full Review", "no option that I can see to pay to remove ads. i would give this game five stars if only it had that one option, as the frequency of ads is totally unacceptable and i would be completely willing to pay money to remove them. If there is an option to pay to remove ads, I would love to hear of it and I...Full Review", "It's added a lot of new features and removed some good ones. One of my complaints would be the pointless leaderboard. If we can't add friends like we use to, why have it? Besides from that, good game!", "WHAT THE HECK!?! IT DELETED ALL OF MY PROGRESS AND I HAD SILVER MAXED OUT AND JUST NEEDED TO GET A SCORE HIGH ENOUGH TO BEAT CLASSIC SONIC. Not fair, Sonic Dash. Not fair. EDIT: THIS HAPPENED AGAIN!!! ALL MY PROGRESS WAS DELETED!!! I am so tempted to uninstall this game I've loved.", "came back to this to find it erased all my unlocked characters and is making me pay for classic and android sonic who were free before. however being able to unlock a few characters by beating badniks is a nice change shame it wasnt there origionally", "I remember playing this a long time ago. I enjoy the concept, though the animals and building just seem.. excessive. simplicity in this game, as well as winning/buying the characters had been better. The swiping also seems laggy at times and the ads seem to pop up all of the time now.. I know you gu...Full Review", "Seriously, I don't want ads every three minutes. I have to turn off wifi just avoid the loading triggers so I can buy upgrades without sitting through more ads, on top of the ad that auto starts when you die. Lay off the monetization before you kill a good game.", "I would have liked to give this game a five star rating but after I watch ads to continue running, the game almost always freezes and I lose all of my progress. Frustrating!", "its a fun experience, but could have more characters that show off distinct differences other than looks, like maybe knuckles can't be hurt by most of the ibstacles. good game though", "Great graphics, smooth game play but there's no way to change the sensitivity on the jumps or slides so you end up running into no matter how fast you tap or slide which gets annoying when you've made it far. In order to get far you need to watch lots of ads otherwise you you're making tons of repet...Full Review", "I have never been this angry playing a game before it just resets my data when I was a really high level for a person who just got it I had Knuckles upgraded a lot also Sonic upgraded a lot and I almost had Amy and I was on level 7. Also it won't let me use Google Play please help!", "Appalling how soamy adverts open up thr play store. Additional characters cost 3-5 pounds. Good game, constantly interrupted. Designed to get kids to buy in app purchases.", "I really like the updates they have added and the game still has the same charm. The only annoying part is sometimes during play it won't let me move.", "I haven't played Sonic Dash for over a year and I thought I would give it a another try. My general impressions are: Negatives * the frame rate is poor on my Galaxy S7 and at times, it's like playing in slow motion (it's vastly superior on my iPhone 5S) * the revive symbol constantly on the screen w...Full Review", "asesore this more update nos it dosent take me years to getta a new car\u00e1cter all you have to do is finsh bulid this area and you unlock that character pretty easy but how hard in the past. what todo islas collect these red rings and buy so me characters cause you to play 50 or 30 red rings just for ...Full Review", "So I originally loved this app, then when I loaded it back up from this big update, everything I had is gone!!!!! Sega, please restore my stuff!!! I had hard work put into this and a few in app purchases done!!! This is unfair and a slap into the faces of fans who support you!!!", "used to love playing sonic on my megadrive so was excited to see this! but its so laggy :( I couldnt move from side to side so died, then watched the video to keep running, closed the video then im in the sea?!", "Mt bom, mas acho q tinha q ter mais Bosses al\u00e9m do Robotnik (Eggman) e o Zazz. E tbm tinha q ter mais personagens tipo o Charmy, o Chaos, o Tails Cl\u00e1ssico, o Super Sonic e o Metal Sonic. Ou talvez o Chaos e o Metal Sonic poderiam ser novos bosses. Acho q seria bem legal", "The issue that I have with Sonic Dash is that I only want my save on the cloud but everytime I go back it uses the phone storage and I lose my progess when I go back to the cloud storage. This also makes me lose motivation to go back to the game", "Sonic Dash is still a fun game to play. Sure, it's laggy and the collision detection can screw you over, it's overall very enjoyable. I love the new zone they added, along with the Animal Buddy collection mechanic. Definitely give Sonic Dash a try.", "Great Time Killer! no ads at all, easy gameplay, but I am a little concerned... why can Knuckles do what Sonic can do...? Ugandan Knuckles should be a character XD"], "Chinese Mahjong": ["Didn't realize Chinese Mahjong meant everything is in the chinese language. Uninstalled to find an international version.", "Not Hong Kong style", "What! I had no chance for \u9ebb\u5c06 since February 2012. Saw it and installed at once. Thank you so much for bringing back old addiction lol. Only a thing is missing that renting a hotel room to get free warm bath and \u9ebb\u5c06 table. It would great if there is an option to switch language and multiplayer mode al...Full Review", "\u542c\u724c\u4e4b\u540e\u5c31\u81ea\u52a8\u4e22\u724c\u4e86\u554a\uff0c\u6760\u4e0d\u5f97\uff0c\u6362\u4e0d\u5f97\u724c\uff0c\u54ea\u91cc\u7684\u73a9\u6cd5\u54df\u3002", "Is there a way to switch to English please?", "\u4e3a\u4ec0\u4e48\u4e0d\u80fd\u7ee7\u7eed\u6e38\u620f\u4e86?\u6bcf\u6b21\u90fd\u5f97\u91cd\u65b0\u5f00\u59cb?", "Unfair!", "Good", "It's Wonderful I really loved it From now on I can play mahjong myself Thanks for the mahjong", "A great trainer for CO mahjong. There are some bugs though: \"big 3 winds\" were not counted in one game.", "Maybe have option for english. I had to learn in Chinese which was fun.", "Never play again", "Bad", "Was a great game until it got stuck in some weird loop. I got the same hand and played the same hand five times. I play past it and move on but at this point every time I open the game it goes back to that same hand and I have to play those same games again", "Play half way auto cut off", "You can never win the game with good cards, make the game boring I", "Have a nice day", "I cant download", "I like this game", "\u592a\u6162\u4e86", "Very nice", "good game", "OK", "Like", "Good app", "great", "Good", "Good", "Great", "Good"], "Plants vs. Zombies FREE": ["I really love this game... It made me fun and every my free time, I will open this game.. I had finish it until the end... Unfortunately, while I'm fun to play this game at *zen garden* it become suck... It said \u201cunfortunately, plans vs zombies has stopped\u201d... I'm just fine when it said like that be...Full Review", "After the last update my game won't start. I try to open the app, but it keeps saying Error - app has been closed. I did the report button, but I want to know IF I uninstall and then download and reinstall again, will I lose all of my progress? All of my trophies and my plants in my zen garden? I do...Full Review", "I like this game so much I beat the game but then it said pvz has stopped I kept deleting and installing PVZ and beating it but all I get is PVZ has stopped I didn't get to finish the game twice so why would it do that if there is an achievement for beating the game twice and other things, all I got...Full Review", "There Is A Major Glitch In This Game. Every TIME, I clear the last roof level which opens all the locked extra games: BOOM! THE GAME FREEZES UP. And I have to start all over again. I really like this game. But, not enough to continue this bull. I watch your stupid ads. Fix the GLITCHES!! I LOWERED T...Full Review", "Love this came but can someone fix the zen garden bug? After researching online I found that a lot of other people also had their plants stop working. I can't water them, or give them anything. Yet they are not happy and won't give any money. It is really annoying.", "Game is awesome. I've played all the games that followed the original. However I am curious if there is a way to save game progress to Facebook or some other place besides the game itself? I have completed the game and I play it still but my app has a glitch or bug in it that causes it to freeze and...Full Review", "Stopped working!?!? I enjoyed playing this game for about a week until it \nsuddenly wouldn't open! It was a fun, simple game that I completed once in \nthe short time I played it, but I was real bummed out when it wouldn't \nopen. I uninstalled and reinstalled the game, and it's working again, but \nbe...Full Review", "The game itself is good. The ads are annoying. I'm editing my previous \nreview because I went back through the game. I had paid to remove ads, but \nno ads were removed (I thought one of them had been, but not others). I \nemailed the developer and received an auto reply telling me to use their \nsite;...Full Review", "Love this game! When I was younger, I was terrified by the zombies. But \nnow, I'm not! My sister thinks I am crazy whenever I yell,\" Get away from \nmy house you brain eaters!\" I spend hours playing this. I agree that this \nis for 10 year olds. My brother tried, he couldn't get past the first \nlevel!...Full Review", "I put no \"special ads\" by swiping the pop up.. So why am I getting them? 3 starz now.. OK you removed the bottom slot for another plant.. Why? For honest feedback? I mean, if your going to remove things obvious from the game because of my comment, maybe you should not have this job.. Aite, I get ano...Full Review", "I TRULY LOVE \"Plants vs. Zombies game\"!!!\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18\ud83c\udf41I live in Canada and enjoy games, I couldn't BELIEVE that the game is FREE!!! THANK YOU FROM THE BOTTOM OF MY HEART!!!\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc8b You have made my day! The graphics are just wonderful, and I find it absolutely hilarious that the zombies heads pop off!!...Full Review", "Graphics are grotesquely stretched. No option to adjust aspect ratio, and coding is so bad it won't correct itself for it. Gave me a headache after 2 minutes of looking at it all stretched out unfortunately. I was so excited to play this.", "Hey EA, I Would Like To Request... Please Can You Put The Other Features Of Plants VS Zombies Like World Tree And AquaZombies And Other More Please I Really Love Those Other Games Besides Killing Zombies. Can You Put It In The game Please \ud83d\ude22\ud83d\ude22\ud83d\ude22\ud83d\ude22", "get this game! I want to make 1 plant up. these are the plants. jack-o-pult it flings pumpkins and senses if the zombie has lots of hp and flings a candle it burns the zombie. this you should get after you defeat zomboss. make it cost 500 sun", "This is one of the Original game from Popcap on top of it it is very fun and i would highly recommend this game for people that want to learn on how to play tower defense as in my opinion this game is the best tower defense game for starters. and also i have unlocked all the plants the only differen...Full Review", "Hello, could I have my purchases on my account? I bought it on another device that broke. I gave all 5 stars. I purchased items on your games. My pvz 2 accounts were called InayatHPVZ and Iniyat.", "Hey i liked this game on a whole but.... it have a big problem. It MUST have an option to log in with my google account. I dont know that do it have it or not, but i cant find it. So please tell me how to do so or add this feature. It will take my progress in the game.", "Great game except for the fact that when playing endless mode and you reach 20 waves. They send slot of gigantic zombies and no matter what combination of plants you use, it's not enough. Need some stronger fire power to eliminate those big ass zombies", "i respect how pop cap chose to use their ads. they are placed in places where if you want something extra, you watch a 30 second ad, but if they choose to throw an add at you, its 5 seconds or less. plus the game is fun and strategic which is intising.", "Everytime, I tried to open the game it suddenly stopped working!!!? Specifically, when I'm trying to play/continue the \"Survival Endless\"! I'm afraid I might lose all the data of the game and start all over again. I enjoy playing it though. I hope this problem will be fixed (as soon as possible). It...Full Review", "Was great, until it suddenly stopped opening... I'll click the app, the screen will come up black for a second, then it just crashes. I've seen a lot of others saying the same thing, do y'all just not give a flip about fixing it????", "I warn you to not buy the prime. Don't waste your time! EA made the best to the worst, Since update, all plants are more weak and overlong to shoot while all the zombies are stronger than before, in every levels too often to show zombies than the stuff, there's no screen rotation, recharging plants ...Full Review", "Omg I just came back to the app store and saw this. When i was like 4 or 5 i would always play this game with my dad. Seeing this on the appstore brought back some nostalgia! Thanks for making such a wonderful game EA!!", "It's a great game, I have the Xbox 360 version also. Idk I just like this one better than plants v.s zombies 2 because it's just normal while 2 is just being so extra with all these weird zombies", "Loved the whole experience up until it stared lagging and kept shutting off in between games. The problem just recently escalated to the point where I can't even open it anymore. All these started after the most recent update for this app. Hoping I can still continue to play this", "I love this game, I paid $6 for the ad free version to support it. The Game than didn't boot so I reinstalled it and now I have lost all my progress!! this is bs why can't I company as big as EA store my mobile progress on a server???", "A very fun experience of a game. The music is on point and iconic. What little (actual) gameplay is the best it could be. The veriety of plants is massive. Maximizing the amount of destruction you can cause to the zombies. Just play it yourself and see if you like it.", "Game doesn't want to open after the most recent update. I only needed 4 \nplants in the Zen Garden and I would have had all the achievements. Really \nupset about the game not launching!", "The actual game is great!!! But if you have an Android phone then it may \ntry to upload 30second videos and tons of pictures of adds to your camera \nroll, which is super annoying and it takes up tons of space on your phone.", "I could've rated this 5 stars if the Vase Breaker part is not that broken. Whenever i click a plant, it double-clicks for some reason and it's not planted in the place i want to. I thought it was a phone issue but I did try it in my old and new phone but the issue is still the same.", "The entire family, mom, Grandma, four year old son and so on... We all love it! My mother, 77 years old, plays daily to improve her memory loss and rehabilitate her responsive reflexes. Thank you", "I love this game. I just beat it out, and it now won't open. It was running \nfine earlier yesterday, now it won open. It just crashes. Please come up \nWith a backup or something where I won't lose all my data. I don't wanna \ndelete it yet because I don't wanna lose all my progress.", "Great game. Like the idea of it. Way to easy to work your way around the ads. The graphics are perfect. And I love the mini games a lot.Once pvz 2 came out it kinda took the place of this game. Not saying anything about this game but the graphics in pvz 2 are very disappointing.", "Nice game. I like this game very much and I want to tell u one thing that pls download this plant vs zombies. If u download them I sure that u like this game. So if ur reading my review then download and if not download them not see my review also...\ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude10\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude4b", "Paid to remove ads but still have ads Don't waste your money on the ad free pack- it should say ads slightly reduced but definately still getting too many ads! Very underhanded move by developers! You need to fix this as your AD FREE PACK IS CLEARLY FALSE ADVERTISING!!!! Money refunded by Google!", "question, could their be a multiplayer in plants v.s. zombies 1 and 2? If their is no multiplayer, may i request for you guys to put a multiplayer game in plants vs zombies 1 and 2 because it would be fun to play with people and friends online or ofline! thank you!", "was enjoying the game for a while and all of the sudden stopped running. i \ncan't reinstall it cause i have passed lot of levels without backup. the \ncompany should start working on game backup since everybody is complaining \nof sudden startup failure.", "Hey guyz !!! Thus game is just mind blowing... I never get bored playing \ndis kind of game ...and it is neither too childish nor too hard to play \n.... So; its really fun spending my time with the zombies \ud83d\ude09", "Excellent game for time passing. I am always on the go, and when it gets boring on the plane, bus or train, this game really sucks up the time to a point where it feels like you've been riding for minutes. Graphics are not glitchy and buggy for a 2009 made game. Never once had this game crash, and I...Full Review", "It's nice game and addicting too much,but a little request. Can you please put the theme song of it.my son love it so much. There's a zombie in the lawn we don't want zombie in the lawn. Hahaha\ud83d\ude02 it's really nice."], "Hello Kitty Nail Salon": ["i cant even get into the game to play it and ya i hated it dude ill keep \nthe game for 10 ddays if it dosent work and the end of the days im \ndeleteing it well my screen frezzes up sometimes but never like that! i \nonce got yoki land but i couldnt even log into it! i got it tryed logging \nin nope di...Full Review", "Far too many adverts..... 6 advert pop ups before even getting into the game... slows all interactivity for the kids and far too intrusive... then the notification pops up that ads are removed when an in app purchase is made...so basically spend money or the game is spammed with ads.... easier optio...Full Review", "There are WAY too many ads. I tested it out before letting my girls play \nit, and holy sweet mother of mary. Every time you finish a single nail, ad. \nEverytime you change skin color, ad. If you sneeze, ad. If you pass gas, \nad. I mean, it's ridiculous! Please change the timing on the ads. \nOtherwis...Full Review", "If I could give this game a negative I would. The ads are non stop and repeatedly says any in game purchases will stop ads. Im not spending money on a damn game my child cant even try. Horrible way to try to use kids for money.", "Why so many ads I can't play this game. At first you will enjoy the game but later u will be surely bored AFTER DOING EVERY NAIL AN AD WILL SURELY COME I just hate this game and I will suggest you not to download this game. It has unlimited ads . A very boring game .After doing every nail AD after c...Full Review", "Didn't get a chance to look at anything else that's part of the game except for the introduction. 4 consecutive advertisements came out and decided not to play the game at all. Please do something about this if you want people to play this game WITHOUT any interruptions.", "Every nail I do it comes up with 2 advertisements after. It is really annoying. I don't think you should have that many advertisements but if you were to maybe do it after you have finished ALL the nails. Other than that it is a good game.\ud83d\ude02", "I would give it no stars if possible. You can't play the game as there are constant ads. Soon as I opened the app, the game barely loaded until an ad appeared. Once, two ads came up one after another. Disgusting", "This game is filled with too much ads. After I finish one nail and go back out, I have to watch 2 ads each to get to the next nail. Also, please add a color wheel so you can create your own color. Please remove the ads, they're super disturbing and they take up most of my time.", "It is not allowing us to fix the stickers in the last set of match this. So i hate hate and hate this game. So i am going to uninstall this mokka game my sincere request to my friends is to be carefull as this game addicts children and my phone got attacked by virus. So plese dont download this game...Full Review", "Game has gotten progressively worse. Completely ad focused. Only allows appx 90 seconds of game play between next group of 3 ads. Ads block entire game screen and will auto run age inappropriate (teen+ etc) level ads for games and will download unwanted inappropriate items via ads if parents aren't ...Full Review", "WAYYY to many ads, they pop up 24/7!=Down side. Creative, fun and unique, \ngood time killer.=Up side I gave this a 2 bc the ads are sooooo annoying! \nAnd to get rid of them u need to pay, ridiculous! Good if u like stupid as, \nbad if u dont,. If u can get rid of the ads I will defo rate this 5!", "I took a star away for ads per second. You actually can't play this game \nwith your data on without ad ad after ad popping up. Overall pretty good. I \nenjoy the game itself but can you guys calm down with the adds.", "Ok, it's cute game but still, there are some problems; WAY too many ads! \nHow the heck am I able to play this game!? As soon as I opened it AD! As \nsoon as it was done, ad! ad! AD! I played that for only five minutes, AD, \nAD, AD, AD, this is ODD! How am I supposed to play this game with the same \na...Full Review", "This is alright. I wish there was more to do. Its super fun and simple in \nthe beginning but it gets boring within like 4 hands of nails. Also WAYYYY \nto many adds. After every nail i get a add and its very frustrating.", "Not sure how your hopes are but then best child game. I liked it alot. Please download for children. You have you album where you keep you art work. Cool game, please understand what I have written. As per you all I think you will like it but it is you opinion.", "So many adverts that literally the second you press off of one there's another! There's a certain point that you need to understand that though you're making more profit from the ads, you get less people wanting to use it because of the ads! It's just greed really", "Wow horrible ads one after the next.how am I supposed to try the game out with the constant ads? I uninstalled it right after the 10th consistent ad. My God horrible ap.", "Can't even get to the main menu. Too many ads keep popping up nonstop right after each other. Don't even bother.", "This is better than the last version and there's everything but the camera \nfor taking photos IS UPSIDE DOWN. If it wasn't upside down I would rate it \nfive stars. Please fix this problem.", "It is awful... I agree with the people who have written bad reviews about this app.. It is very bad.. Please don't download it and waste your time and data\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20", "I would give 5 stars if there were no ads per second. Really annoying. I \nrequest you to remove those annoying ads.", "It was a great little game and I appreciate the apps are there for a reason. But recently it has a ridiculous amount of ads that don't let my child play. It's ad after ad after ad. Fix please or I'm uninstalling it.", "I seriously dont mind ads at all, i downloaded this for my daughter and tried to start the game ten times, i cant do anything because ALL i do is click out of ads and then they just start all over again.. How can anyone play this?", "Eh its ok Its ok though, easy gameplay, just i dont know the game just \nsuper easy and when you pick the wrong color it will say like *chosse \nanother one* or else, can you pls ad some time, it would be more fun and \nchallenging \u263a", "This is the world's cutest nail designer I love this game I think this game is very nice and I love to play this game and I got Four Points and now I have to take fifth level and it is very cool came it has many cute stickers Thames and so many colours I love this game unlock this is very nice nails...Full Review", "My child was playing this and came in to complain that they couldn't get out of ads. It took 4 ads for me to get back the the game did 1 action and several others came on. I know this is a free game and so it's revenue depends on ads but that's just a joke.", "I would like it if I could really play the game I can't even get in because \nof an ad I try to go to the app and then it shows an ad so I click X and it \ndoesn't want to work it keeps going back to the ad please fix this I'm \nreally annoyed right now", "There was an ad wen I loaded it and when I pressed play there was another one you can't even play the game But if you do really want to play this game turn off your WiFi and no ads pop up so you can have an ad free game play I tested it", "DO NOT INSTALL THIS APP .This app is so annoying because when it said will \nyou allow this game to let you take pictures and record videos I said deny \nbut it wouldn't let me do that so I tried to go back but it wouldn't let me \ndo that again so I uninstalled the app", "Do not download. Constant stream of adverts interupting game play. My 6yo granddaughter got so frustrated with adverts interrupting game play every 20 seconds she threw the fone down on the settee in disgust. Apps like this should not be allowed.", "Este juego es lo peor, no me deja jugar y esta fatal.No os lo descargueis, es un timo y gasta Wifi. Tiene demasiados anuncios y son unos pesados; repiten el anuncio dos veces seguidas y le tienes que dar cuatro veces a LA Cruz para cerrarlo, solo le he dado una estrella porque es lo minimo, pero yo ...Full Review", "too many too many ads I hate all the ads that you have to get on there because all the ads I just had the exact same add twice in a row and then I try and click on something and then put some another add I don't recommend it", "Every 15 seconds this game pulls up a pop-up ad that is difficult to close. \nMaking this game not fit for kids to play. Very frustrating for the small \nchildren. I don't recommend it at all I'm taking it off of my device", "Is it possible to actually play the game at all. I've just downloaded it \nand all that's happened is a video of yatzee. Stays on Google play and \nevery time I press back button nothing happens. So I haven't even seen the \ngame at all, except on Google play. And I searched on it when stuck in \nGoogle...Full Review", "This game as Way to many ads every time you do anything the same ad just \npops up and you have to watch 30 seconds of an ad you have seen 1000 times \nthis needs to be fixed", "Way too many adds once I got a candy crush add and when I got out of it it showed it again and the other adds did not do that anyway this game is really cool my cousin loves it btw don't turn ur volume up max when ur playing this RIP headphone users.", "TO MANY ADS they pop up 24/7 every time you tap something it does a double ass and it's annoying don't download this game it's wasting your time\ud83d\udc94\ud83d\ude41", "I just love this game It is so pretty and have cool nail colors , designs, characters and stickers we have options to choose that we have to match the design or create it on own we can even click pictures and add our hands there are different skin colors , nail shapes and background If we match the ...Full Review", "Way too many ads, you cant even play the game. Dont waste the time of downloading!!"], "Real Guitar - Free Chords, Tabs & Music Tiles Game": ["Wow that is a very good one for me too and I hope you are doing well and I hope you are doing well and I hope you are doing well and I hope you are doing well too so far and I hope you are having fun in a couple places in New Jersey you have had some good friends in Colorado that I am not a fan at t...Full Review", "good morning my for you to be a good day at work today so I can do it again and again and it will get better for us to be a good day at work today so I can do it again and again from the beginning of the day off tomorrow so we could do with the kids and I don't want you so very true that I was in my...Full Review", "it is amazing and easy to learn songs on", "I love music and this app", "So Good Game", "Not bad", "exellent", "WORST APP EVER", "best game", "very worst app ever.", "it didnt let me play because I have to pay", "very nice", "Nice but", "Foolish App i can't even search a song", "it's doesn't work '-'", "Easy to learn guitar!", "It does not responding", "buy for play...suck", "mediam work this app", "worst", "nice and easy", "out standing", "not bad......!!!", "nice tan tana tan tan tan tara", "superd", "best musical game I have ever played.but I would have really liked it if I could play songs like despacito,girls like you,etc .please think over it", "its a very wonderful app for virtual instruments. But it should have a recording feature. hope the devlopor will do something in this matter", "On My Honest opinion its f great and would help a lot of people thanks", "awesome, you are going to have a real time guitar playing and singing experience", "wonderful app. great job to the designers of this app. thank u for the enjoyment.", "verrrrrrrry nice game it's a good source of learning guitar", "Very beautiful and very nice sounds", "love you guys, honestly. you just......", "wow its awesome \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "The sounds are just great \ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "terlalu banyak iklannya", "Woww", "cheap", "not bad", "good app"], "PUBG MOBILE": ["Dear Developers, I am very inspired from this game i am an boy of age 16 year old. Suddenly, i was playing this game i got an idea. The idea is that you have to make this in real not like that real as its look like real. Which means really we will play this games without mobile or pc we this game wi...Full Review", "I would really like to thank the wonderful team of tencent for developing such a awesome game for us. I really don't have any complaints regarding the game but I just request u to make a separate section only for accessories for the gun where in we can buy our desired skins by paying the uc cash. I ...Full Review", "PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds (PUBG) is an online multiplayer battle royale game developed and published by PUBG Corporation, a subsidiary of South Korean video game company Bluehole. The game is based on previous mods that were created by Brendan \"PlayerUnknown\" Greene for other games using the fil...Full Review", "love this game. honestly the best game available on a phone.... only it's an absolute piss take that literally the only way to get cool gear for your character is by spending money... i'm a level 35 and have played plenty and have unlocked essentially nothing compared to what could be available if i...Full Review", "i wish i could give this game a 5+ rating and no doubt this is the best game at present.. but i am only giving a 3 star rating to it... i appreciate the efforts of developers in making the game more realistic and entertaining in every update but as a result there are more and more bugs which are not...Full Review", "I absolutely love this game. I haven't faced any issues except it sucks in my area even though i have gaot good internet connection I'm able to run each other app from YouTube yo Instagram but this sucks. don't know why??? it's a request to tencent games to fix this it keeps showing me the msg that ...Full Review", "\u2206 NEWER CONTENT NEEDED \u2206 Need more variety in guns. Especially in SMG and DMRs. A grenade launcher attachment/ RPG can be great. Thermal imaging. Variety in scopes can be appreciated as well. Like for instance, Kar98K is an old war rifle, it should have an old scope design. Newer DMR could have more...Full Review", "PlayerUnknown's Battlegrounds (PUBG) is an online multiplayer battle royale gamedeveloped and published by PUBG Corporation, a subsidiary of South Korean video game company Bluehole. The game is based on previous mods that were created by Brendan \"PlayerUnknown\" Greene for other games using the film...Full Review", "The crate opening is worthless. chances of getting ANYTHING cool is not possible, unless your rich. Im not. ive spent close to $100 on crates(and it says +500%chance) and havent gotten 1 outfit from them. You do it with the intent to have ppleople spend lots of money , and rarely get something cool....Full Review", "Really great gameplay, easy to connect through chat system, fair-gameplay(play with others on your skill level). Only pitfall is the game is really expensive when buying exclusive items. Graphics are great as long you have a high-end newer phone. Galaxy S5 and HTC M8(android only) run the game okay,...Full Review", "I really hate your crate odds, I have spent a lot of money and I think you guys are taking advantage of us. I enjoyed this game when you guys would add limited items, such as the Hot Pizza Outfit for one week and replace those ones for other items such as the White Rabbit set. You guys used to do th...Full Review", "It's still crazy to think that a game that could barely run on the average gaming PC could run on the average mid-high end phone with ease. Tencent have managed to bring the wildly popular and competitive game, PUBG, to mobile without ruining the gameplay at all. They're also always updating the gam...Full Review", "This used to be a 5 star review. However due to high prices on the battle pass and high prices on clothes/skins i can no longer rate this 5 stars. Look lower the battle pass to like 5 pounds and i csn assure you more people will buy it. Also make UC cheaper. Instead of 1800 for 25 quid mqke it a ten...Full Review", "The controls are just superb which no other Android games with similar genre have. edit: I took one star away because of the limit in graphic settings. Imho there should be a setting where we can edit our resolution. Playing in 720p (default for my device) causes drops in frame rates. However, with ...Full Review", "After u guys gave us DYNAMIC WEATHER update my game's FRAME RATE continuously droping. Whenever I play pubg My phone's screen stops constantly during the game... It occurs also in LOBBY... before this update it was great... Please fix this FRAME RATE issue for low end mobile... My phone is SAMSUNG J...Full Review", "Great game, but bugs with new updates, the Miramar and Erangel maps are swapped. Graphics are so bad compared to previous versions. Previous versions Quick Chat voice tone was much much better than the snow update version. Squad mark is not in the right place. Did not like the voice at the start say...Full Review", "I love this game. Nothing i dont like. I have rated 5 stars and played this game since it came out. There has been a lot of changes since the release of Pubg mobile. Each one better than the last. But i have two recommendations. Could u please add more stuff to buy in the BP money crate section i ha...Full Review", "im level 47 so ive put a lot of effort into the game but recently it has been stopping and disconnecting me from servers i spend thirty minutes playing just to end up having my game end. real wonderful it is. have some respect for the people who play your game. also it keeps signing me out and reupd...Full Review", "Hey tencent games your game is epic but it have also some negative point. 1. It need 3gb ram in android device run without any lag. 2.It need high internet speed to run properly. 3.Sometimes while I playing PUBG mobile my device become hot shortly. I hope you understand me and you will take action o...Full Review", "Good game but to play smooth and flawlessly you need a good smartphone with more than 4GB ram. also it have lots of bugs which need to be fix but the developers are not see on that side they rollout update in every 2months with more new bugs. They just want money from you purchase their item and giv...Full Review", "I dont have problems.. The pubg crew deserve a lots of appalause. But i am dissapoint by the room cards.. I have an thought that one player can create only one room for permanent time period with a huge amount of BP.. Any they can create another room by deleting it.. So plzz bring an update regardin...Full Review", "Best game on mobile phone. Great non-stop action very friendly to new players and as you progress in levels the game gets harder which is very good. Controls do take some time to get use to lots of miss firing your weapon will happen. just wish getting use to the controls and most of the air drop on...Full Review", "After the Pie update, PUBGM no more uses the area adjacent to the notch. This removes the consistency of the screen and rounded corners.  The new snow update of PUBGM brings three modes for 18:9 & notched displays. So they're doing something. Unfortunately, none of the modes solve the problem. There...Full Review", "Unironically the best way to play pubg. the lootboxes make sense in a f2p mobile game instead of a full priced game, there's actual progression, it runs better, you don't get instakilled anymore because of the mobile controls everybody has to use and it doesn't cost a red cent! As long as you don't ...Full Review", "I've been a player for a long time now and these are my opinions. First of all, why include bots? I understand its for the new players but why does they still appear even on ace ranks. Second, its not optimised to its fullest. I've tried the timi version and there the graphics and frames are much be...Full Review", "The game is addicting and fun. But after playing for hours, rank up, it became competitive which I would expect. My device couldn't handle the game because it's only 2gb ram. It will start to lag when I am surrounded by players. I am a competitive person and I am playing on a budget phone which make...Full Review", "The recent Vikendi update is a little disappointing with the default voice being changed. The original voice was so good and, in my personal opinion, better than this new voice. It would be nice if it gets back in the game. Moreover, there are some quick chat options also missing like \"I found suppl...Full Review", "still a good game 5/5 stars. very hard to get good stuff from UC crates. the daily rewards in main menu is a timewaste because cant buy new stuff with it either in clan shop or crate for BP. can you make players slower as more they carry? why is the movement when holding a pistol so slow? it should ...Full Review", "amazing gameplay I love it, please make it easier to be able to dress ur character I mean its pointless and everything but cmon.... we should be able to purchase weapons that we can start with like pistols, shotguns, rifles, snipers, hell even attachments & grenades etc but we should be able to save...Full Review", "ok this game works very well on my S9+.... but.... half of the games are filled with bots.... either that or most of the player base has never played a shooter. i won the first three games i played...... and the fourth one i got killed by someone that actually seemed \"smart\" and was placing shots on...Full Review", "Incredible game and quite addicting. Large selection of weapons, good graphics, and mini games make the gaming experience more enjoyable. Only problem is the direct messaging between players is a little bit slower and could use some improvements. The lower character limit makes it a little more diff...Full Review", "A very amazing addictive game. but two problems i have about this game is the game lag tooo much and whenever there is an update we have to download the again and again. Most of the people don't have internet much to use. overall this game is superb and mind blowing and loved the vikendi map and too...Full Review", "On my old phone it worked fine but when i bought my Xiaomi Redmi 5 plus 32gb and 3gb RAM it doesnt work for me i cant open the app when i click it it starts loading and then just crashes :/ and i was lvl 35 and had skins for weapons bought for money! and i cant play it now :( please contact me if yo...Full Review", "lots of fun to play if you manage to find a team that doesnt just go off on their own. my problem is why is there no message to tell you there os a required update? instead i try to play the game, it works normaly only there are no spawns to be found. no meds, no guns, no vehicles, nothing. Only kne...Full Review", "It's a Masterpiece! BRAVO It is good see few updates like- 1. Add Namaste Welcome Greet in Greeting section: It is a respectful greeting said when giving a namaskar. (We indians love this). 2. Add \"Hurry Up\" in quick chat. 3. Add few public places in maps like- Railway/Metro Stations, Shoping malls,...Full Review", "plzzzzzzzzz help me i cant play because of a bug or glitch everytime i shoot with anything and try to move gun or control recoil a little bit. it just moves very fast. like as i am shooting and if i turn a half inch it just does an 360. i cant play like this in everymatch i have to shoot without ope...Full Review", "this game is awesome. i played it since day one and it was a very cool experience! the only problem is, this game become very demanding in terms of specs of the device. only high end devices can experience smooth and hd graphics, while me with only 3gb of ram and with snapdragon 625 cant experience ...Full Review", "Best game ever played. Nice gameplay, nice control, nice graphics etc. Everything is good. However giving 4 star as they don't provide complete update even if we are spending more than 1.5 GB of mobile data. We've to spend additional data for downloading maps, features etc. Being a leading game worl...Full Review", "What a great an enjoyable game. overall the gameplay is good. But the down side is when there is an update. always need to download full size mb. bug in an update in can bare with that. but downloading full size again & again is frustrating. greatest game i ever played on mobile. keep up the good wo...Full Review", "I love this game, however, I've been experiencing major lag at the most random times even on my region server (ex. 34ms jumps to 844ms back and forth). I think it's safe to say that this is not a problem with my internet since I have experienced the same thing while connected to other wifi routers. ...Full Review"], "Batak HD Pro": ["Nice game", "\u0631\u0648\u0639\u0629", "Oyunun yeniden g\u00f6zden ge\u00e7irilmesi gerekir.Puanlama sistemi bence daha \nde\u011fi\u015fik olmal\u0131.Her oyuna ba\u015flad\u0131\u011f\u0131mda s\u0131f\u0131rl\u0131yor", "S\u00fcrekli at\u0131yor", "Very very good game", "Iyi oyun .ama atliyor bazen.", "Matal games", "Nice game", "Love it", "Nice", "Nice"], "Darkness Rises": ["Since getting this game, I could barely stop playing. I'm really intrigued by the story so far and the voice acting is pretty solid for a mobile good, which is nice and refreshing. My only problem is that the chances of getting any good gear (A++/S++ ranked equipment) when opening chests is pretty m...Full Review", "PvP...Im chapter 14 border, get placed against people with chapter 18 border in duel pvp and team pvp, very balanced! Also, if I have a stack of 50 chests and only want to open 1 I have to click - 49 times. Defeats the point of having an M (max) button if the selection window starts on max... clearl...Full Review", "I would say that this is probably the best free app I've ever played. I think the actual costs of real currency is strictly for costumes and in game disposable items. The idea feels like it stems from Guild Wars a bit. Honestly, it's really excellent for a mobile game. Graphics are great too. Thanks...Full Review", "An overall good game. The graphics are good, the story is immersive and the PvP is as challenging as always, but there is one issue I have. Why are we not allowed to choose our own colors when we go to dye the outfit? I go through most of my dye tickets just to get one color and there are one or two...Full Review", "good game, amazing graphics, definitely would recomend to anyone. my only issue is that when performing ultimate moves in the duo dungeons, or trying to fish the app glitches out and force closes. all of my friends play this game and have this same issue. if you can get this fixed i would say that t...Full Review", "I don't think I have the necessary words to express to you guys how much i enjoy your game. Firstly this game is playable at low end devices with lag free gameplay. Second, the gameplay is undeniably better than any game in playstore right now. Shame on Gameloft and netease and netmarble, none of th...Full Review", "Amazing. Love the storyline so much. Amazing Graphics and Characters that you can customize a whole lot. I cant wait to see more of the story. And i need to find more games like this. All the other RPGs that i found before this and rated high i now cant even bring myself to play because this game we...Full Review", "Endlessly updating I love this game, I mean nothing can compare to it so far. The way it feels to the graphics everything is pleasing gameplay wise. However the updates are getting to me purely because following the interruption of an update that's solid playing time in losing out on. Previously we'...Full Review", "Loved the Game... Was soooooo addictive in the beginning... And after \ncompleting the story, It just feels like a normal RPG... Wished that it had \nmore main story content... The graphics was amazing! Also felt that the \nside way 2.5D gameplay was a bit difficult... Anyhow, It's my favourite \ngame t...Full Review", "It's a great game with good graphics. plays smoothly and has decent enough voice acting. Despite the story being rather generic it's still told well and can be enjoyed. But my God is the pvp unbalanced as all hell, and duo dungeon is so laggy sometimes that fps drops to 5 frames per second. I unders...Full Review", "Greedy much? Monthly cards have to be purchased separately for each character even though all characters share gems. Weekly's and dailies are far too repetitive since they are also separate character wise yet characters share gems. The PvP is terrible unbalanced pay to win with horrible controls. Th...Full Review", "the servers are EXTREMELY laggy. PVP is half the game so pretty much half the game is taken away. fix the servers ill give 5 stars. its not my ISP. Everyone says the same thing. Add: Crash, crash, freeze, crash. AT LEAST 15 times a day, about every 10-20 minutes the game crashes. i can almost gauren...Full Review", "buggy game, fun otherwise after instal, lots more downloading. once game is running, heats up my device alot. fun and lots to do which makes it entertaining. however. once the game is closed, to repoen it, i would have to uninstall and reinstal every time. not great what so ever. i will not be insta...Full Review", "Good game, however I feel customizing your character shouldn't have to require a price, but rather purchasing new looks and styles instead. I tried to make my character before I could play the main game, and still got stuck with the basic look whilest the main game files were still downloading. But,...Full Review", "Would be nice to play the game?! Just sits an loads does nothing else?? On my note 9, I have unlimited data?! So wifi is more stable than the carrier hmmm ok seems like the game only works with wifi which is stupid I can download an play any other game just fine. Uninstall for good", "Wanna explain why login is restricted for North America? Bunch of effing bs \ud83e\udd2c\ud83d\ude21 Oh! I just found out that Europe is restricted as well. I have a Samsung Galaxay S7 Edge... the game should bloody work. I sent a thing to the link you added. Thanks.", "I want play this game and I download this app but when I open this game I must download patch file 141.5 MB. This is wasting time and wasting storage. Do you know my storage is just 4.52 GB. Can you make app that can make my storage became big please. Can you add that all characters can channge to m...Full Review", "Latest update is awesome especially the Brawl arena. But brawl is too lag atm. All enemies have Red signal on Wi-Fi. Can this be fixed so we can have a fluid Brawl? pvp is also lag never been fixed. And oh, latest costumes are ugly lol. Why chef???", "so far this is a pretty cool game. the strange thing is it will not play on my galaxy S9+ but plays good on my Galaxy tab S4. This seems to be just another hack and slash game with repeditive gameplay that doesnt change much. Im still new so ill keep playing and see what I think", "Good game when able to play it but it crashes way too often, especially in co-op which renders the game unplayable. Very irritating... and please dont tell me it's my internet because i have 250 mbps and still happens when I have no other devices connected to network.", "Great Job Done!! Little more improvement will make it flawless. Can the tutorial for each character can be stopped? Coz after learning the game and understanding the process for each character going through the same tutorial seems ltl waste of time. Can it be disabled? And customizing the colour of ...Full Review", "Graphics are amazing! The dungeon levels and multiplayer are enjoyable. Addicting. However, the Duel PvP can encourage fighters to rely on special attacks and running around the arena until their cooldown period ends. A new, smaller arena was added to deter this. A great game overall.", "Ive been playing this for months and all the sudden it says im banned for 10 years!! For using illegal program!!!! Such b.s.!!!!! I never had nor knew there was one.....do not play this for you will get hacked or shutdown. I contacted the team and they still insisted I was using a program, B.S.!!!!!...Full Review", "I have never been interested in games like this until my kids introduced me to this one and I been hooked every since. l would like to change the appearance of my character more often , with out use of diamonds and the change of armor or clothes but other then that great game.", "UPDATED REVIEW:: Game is working perfectly and i absoloutly love it, best game played in ages. love the new character.. I can't even open the game it keeps saying I need 340mb of space then it says available space 340mb, rather confused. Please try and get back to me, thanks", "I installed the game and played fir aap long time then, the next day it was showing \"maintenance breakout pls check the assurence\" then I checked in play store ant updated the game and opened it but it wouldn't open its showing the same.. pls i love this game plss make it open.. it's good to play bu...Full Review", "Overall its a very good game one of the best I hv played till now. The story is amazing and the gameplay is understandable. The only problem is that the servers are real slow. Most of the time the servers go down and do not respond for hours. Otherwise its a good game. Please have a look in problem ...Full Review", "Really fluid, navigation is really cool. Easy even. Guide you through the steps nicely. Data is a problem though and feel like saving is a problem if not connected. However, still need to make sure. Above and beyond that really great game. For the player creation when you're black and want to make a...Full Review", "Oool addictive game! Really loved the gameplay, especially pvp matches. luckily progress of few last months that I played only this game was deleted with the new update. thank you, now I can play other games, I didn't know how to stop playing this :)))", "This used to be my favorite mobile game, but lately I have been getting booted out of the game pretty frequently. It happens a lot during duo dungeons, when loading into a raid, when loading my guild roster, when loading into the town, when loading into a team pvp match, while trying to return back ...Full Review", "i change my mind...the random gear you get after fusing is simply annoying. i only need one more to complete a set and each time i fuse, it's a different one. buying the chests too doesn't guarantee that gear. pls fix this bcs i enjoy this game a lot", "Incredible game. Always lots of things to do. You have to love the Korean style grinding however. I can't believe how little data it eats when playing on mobile network. My only suggestion for now: guild leaders should be able to send at least 5 guild invites per day.", "The graphics and the game runs very smooth and fast but it's super boring. The story starts off great, but it turns into a giant repetitive game. It's click start and set phone down to clean the house. The pvp aspect is good but not enough tickets to out weight the repetitions.", "The best game out right now. Not a money grab. expensive if you let it be. Wish there was more auto play but other than that best game to play out there right now. dont bother with most. this is number 1 for me and i tried most of them. (Now they added an event that you have to be there for at a cer...Full Review", "Fun so far. Hope its not pay to win. update: So I played a good amount used all the classes and I must say I am very pleased. It is a solid game through and through. The visuals are easily one of the best on any mobile game. I am super impressed with how the game looks. Controls are great, no compla...Full Review", "I previously had this game installed but had to unistall it as it would crash repeatedly. I recently found it again and hoped ut would might work, but I'm sad to see that it took several tries to even get signed in and once it gets to starting chapter 2 (where I got up to last time) it closes itself...Full Review", "this is really enjoyable recommended for players that likes medevil action! but also im having a problem with this game, possibly every 30 minutes my game crashes on my moto g5 plus can you guys fix please?", "Game's great, one of its kind. But the servers are poor. There are lags too often than there should even be if you consider lagging a norm. It really makes the PvP, Raids and Co Dungeons hard and a bad experience. Hope they fix this problem soon.", "pretty blown away so far. really engaging and simple phone controls. they haven't even tried to make me buy anything and I've played a couple hours with a fee characters each. If so good I really don't understand why I'm not paying for this so far", "good game I'd give it 5 stars except the fishing village feature keeps crashing like every single time. oh and needs more levels or different levels for story mode and adventure mode. playing the same levels over and over again just with a higher difficulty gets old. it's redundant... literally lol"], "Utopia: Origin - Play in Your Way": ["I love how everything is set up, but anytime i have to go outside the app, the entire game restarts and i get sent back to the menu. This makes it impossible to post on the Hearth message board. The writing UI needs work with because sometimes the words overlap each other. I would also enjoy being a...Full Review", "I have no idea what people are talking about, and I can't do trades because no one talks in english. A chinese pirate came by and stole the chest I was opening and I can't talk to him either because he only talks in chinese. Because I can't find English players, I can't even find groups to defend ag...Full Review", "I really love this app, you guys did an amazing job. BUT there really should be servers based on language.\u2022Bigger backpack, for some reason mounts take up space. Once you take it out to ride, you have space BUT if you set it free it's as if you never had space?\u2022More character customizations(skin, ha...Full Review", "best game..the most best part is u can climb..btw pls make some tutorial before people start playing..i dont know what to do at all. and about building stuff why i cannot just start build i need hearth something and it not even teach how to get that..lastly is there any english server because i cann...Full Review", "I tried to install this game for the 3rd time. Is this game compatible with huawei nova 3i???. When it almost finished it cancel the download help pls i just want to play this game so bad. Finally, i can now play this game :) Make the grass disappear when making a house or hearth. And needs to impro...Full Review", "To describe the game in one word, it would be chinese. The game has potential, and it's ruined by chinese player. The filled up the tribe slot per server and won't accept other people. They put their houses on top of the resources spawn point. And guess what the dev said about it ? They can't and th...Full Review", "Edit: Already have 64GB ROM with 128GB SDCard and 3GB \"Total RAM\" with 1.5GB available to use , double checked , you mean maybe needs 2GB RAM space to run the game? but phones total RAM is 3GB << already , how? Android emulator forced me to unroot the software to play this game , my phone rooted may...Full Review", "Can u add some auto translater so we can understand each other among players.. Also can u add head torchlight? Its so dark when night... Thank you.. Enjoy playing this game.", "i just started playing it... it has potential i hope i keep playing it and not get bored. i just hope i meet someone who types in English .and some tutorials pls before beginning the game, i don't even know what to do at first. great game", "First of all, great game. But u should take more seriously when people asking to make another server just for chinease player and there is a bug when teleporting, hope u can fix that too. last but not least, u need to make a guide how we can find any ingredient on how to make variety of food, mount ...Full Review", "The game has potential. currently i'm having problems finding my structures like chest and fire. would be nice if it will be marked in a map.", "I love the game but recently I haven't been able to log on. The loading screen gets stuck on either 90% or 100%. I really hope this gets fixed.", "thank good this game is not p2w only cosmetic it cost and i love it great job\ud83d\udc4d and great open world environment but its still lacking in combat u need to add portal knight combat mechanics and please add some gliding and flying mount", "This game is a open world and have a nice graphics also this game is not just about fighting and surviving,you can build your own castle by your imaginations,but still it should have more and more updates,keep it up!! XD", "Why you not give my credits.. I already topup. Pls check my account. I have receipt if you want.", "Love this game! It's exactly what I'm looking for! I love having the option of a peaceful PvE world where I can just roam around, build my base, interact with other players online peacefully and not competitively and just basically explore every nook and cranny in a sandbox world or simply doing wha...Full Review", "Pleae help I have this problem, I stored my hair costume in my chest in the training grounds, my bench, campfire, furnace etc. al things that I had put has disappeared and it hasnt even been a day since I played. After I recieved the wand and the hearth stone I got into a hearth cause someone invite...Full Review", "Love the game. The only thing wrong is that the chest to the female character is a bit off.", "I like the game but what i don't like ia the item having expiration because I haven't login for days, becayse of my job and now I lost every item that I put in my chest it was a but frustrating because i work hard for that item and now its gone.", "Nice game but it would be better if there are quest to be done from NPC and more server for english speakers. thank you", "could you pls add lighting such as tourches that we can place any were and why would you realeast a game that gas a level limit and it already have the advance item but we cant lv up so pls never make those mistakes again but the game is cool and fun so pls fill up the flaws.", "Its good from what i can see but there is a slight problem, YOU CANT DELETE CHARACTERS. Plz add that then it will be perfect.", "I really love the game and want to give 5 star but many player are using mod like speedhack and autoaim bot in pvp which becoming unfair", "really nice, i like peace mode. I would love to build a house in the mountains., or in the sky. The only hills so far are around the start area, surrounded by flats. Please make MORE HILLS :)", "I love it, truly. it is a great game. however I'll give it a five star when there's more stuff in customisation options like skins and please an English server would be nice", "I'm in love with game because you can do anything you want.like my type of game.please make new update so that creative mode will come out.....", "major connection problems, so bad it's actually unplayable", "Great game but why do we go to a jail cell if we kill peeps at chaos world", "can't tell if I'll like it or not, it doesn't open in the first place...so sad..", "mungkin kurang dekat aja server nya.... ping nya parah over all sudah bagus semua", "Why yesterday i played the game but i can't play game now", "nice game, i would give five stars if there is no cheaters please improve ane ban those cheaters", "Great and beautiful open world survival game but, terrible language UI. Get a pro to translate for you please.", "u conection no good hope u can six this", "very fun game,this game need a bit of upgrade like we can mark on map so we know where we going(i always lost xD)", "bagus aku suka banget game ini tapi buat HP yang ram sama speak kecil diperbaiki lagi grafiknya", "Why i can't connect with my friend That is why i stopped to play thia game Even i went to the my friend's archipelago, i can't find him... What the hell...", "make different server with chinese people.. cause some of them hack ur game and how can we report they? different alphabetic... nickname was different", "I love the game, but the levels for raiding is too high. But i still like it\ud83d\ude01\u2764", "very fun and awsome 5 stars but can you plz make it where there is a merry opinion and more emotes and more love emotes thxs"], "Asphalt 9: Legends - 2019's Action Car Racing Game": ["I know you guys are too busy to ignore our comment/rating on the game as you would think the game is already 'perfect'. PLEASE FIX THE MULTIPLAYER MATCHMAKING! Matchmaking is based on my skill and how well I perform in the game? How is it fair that I'm facing a few opponents which has higher car ran...Full Review", "Graphics and controls are very good and I enjoy the game but I didnt find the gameplay new. I have played many car games before like CSR and CSR2 and this game is also like them. The whole card system to upgrade your cars and unlocking chests to get cards of some random car and how the game forces y...Full Review", "You said you should be great, ever since I updated it most of it does not work. At the time you have worked into it and it shuts off. What's 100% fine up until they updated it. I sent a bunch of up times but they never get back to me sorry don't play with this until they can finish updating it", "So yesterday as of writing this review the game had completely broken as the result of an update. Today I woke up to an update that completely fixed the issue! I've had several instances where this happens, and for this game, it was just the icing in the cake. The graphics are the best I have seen o...Full Review", "meh. Too much happens automatically and it is not responsive enough to switch autodrive off even on the first car. Awesome idea but it is not about competitive driving at all. Nice scenes and good graphics if you have a good HD phone. Apart from drift, NOS and go left or right and 360 there is reall...Full Review", "This game plays and looks amazing. Gameloft did a phenomenal job. My only issue is the multiplayer. It can be extremely frustrating and hard to win because people have higher ranked cars. Otherwise it's good. Myself I have spent about $100 within almost a year. I only get tokens or cars when they're...Full Review", "Everything is great in this game. Except the online connection fails 60 - 70% of the times and you can't get your hard earned rewards. The game only provides daily rewards 4 times a day that too after watching Ads and half of them disconnect inspite of having 20mbps net or even a 4G . The \"Support T...Full Review", "Once again...great game, but WAAAAAY too many cars. Fun until you can't win anymore. What good are credits if you can't buy a car? You have to rely on luck to get the ones you need. The blueprints are complete bull****. This is the same reason I deleted the last platform. This is a game for people w...Full Review", "Hey I know you guys probability don't know this but. The game doesn't show up on the play store for me. My phone is a LGE VS501 and  I am in the U.S. Please address this issue and fast because I would love to play it and give my feedback. Well reply and or email me when you have this issue fixed or ...Full Review", "by far one of the best racing games ive played. at first i thought it was a pay to win game but if youre patient you dont have to buy a thing. sound track is horrible tbh but you can turn the music off so its alright. add more music and an option to turn off certain songs and this game would be perf...Full Review", "The game itself is fine. Good cars and graphics as usual. But it does get repetitive quite fast. In the first 10 races you kind of get bored. This series is slowly losing it's it's charm. Sure it's arcade-ish but the golden age was Asphalt 7. Arcade and fun but a touch of realism. And the car being ...Full Review", "Hello Gameloft Asphalt 9 is an other awesome game by u guys! Thanks for that. Its an adrinaline rush, But it would b better if Asphalt 9 is not dependent on the internet... Also, I have noticed that in multi player different ranked cars are competing in the same race! It should b resolved Thanks alo...Full Review", "Everything I wanted and more. The slipstream update is incredible and it makes races so much more competitive and tactical. I love the precice customization and the wide variety of events and tracks. I will never be bored again, and there's nothing like gathering a bunch of friends together and havi...Full Review", "Game is now crashing often killing packs earned during events. Edit: After the recent updates Gameloft has made the game more difficult to progress. forcing you to upgrade a car such as the Chiron to win the limited time events when you don't own the car is just ridiculous and shows how the game is ...Full Review", "I would enjoy this game more if there was a gas peddle, break peddle, and fair gameplay in multiplayer. (ie: racing with simular ranks rather than low rank v.s. excessivly high ranks.) I distinctly remember these controls in an earlier version of Asphalt. Also greatly dislike the abillity to turn mi...Full Review", "Very good, but changing the game for revenue, not fun, has hit the enjoyment factor. It seems to want to drive you into a situation where you'll have to pay to win. The previous game was great as a casual affair. You Can play with tilt controls but it is far harder than touch. Which probably explain...Full Review", "Please remove Slipstream mode, Slipstream is ridiculous, not happy with slipstream update, racing become ridiculous. I will not play Multiplayer anymore if slipstream mode still exist on asphalt 9. in sliptream mode, you must have luck, no skill needed.. hope you can consider my opinion and maybe al...Full Review", "Great game. However, it is a pain in the neck thanks to Gameloft greediness... Do not play because at the end you will have to spend a lot of real money to be able to get most of the cars and compete in the game... ( btw, I spent money in this game but gave up cause of its unfairness and greediness)", "Hello team, All good going till now. But the new update which came up with buggati choron events has, some issues. On today's event I'm not able to use the dodge car as the option to use car is graded out not sure why. Please check and fix ut asap.", "Worst strategy ever. Game is customised more towards in app purchases. Recently, Bugatti event, you should atleast unlock car and then let users use tokens to max it. Even after purchasing many Bugatti Packs, I am unable to get All blueprints to unlock car.", "great game. but there are a lot of bugs that need to be fixed. game crashes constantly. if your on multiplayer and the people in 7th and 6th (for example) get disconnected or they quit. they dont lose or gain points (=) But if your in 5th you lose points. so that's a piss off. being punished for act...Full Review", "I hate the UI, Where is race restart button? Why every time when I lose, the game open for me next lvl in career? (Firstly i want to win) Why animations in game are so long? I wanna see much faster UI . I hate controls ( touchdrive is good ). Just make it more customizable. What is good : Graphics a...Full Review", "awesome experience on playing the game but i am facing one issue. while playing in touch drive mode i am unable to get nitro and barrell roll activated while tapping on the icons when they appear on the screen. i am able to use other modes in the game but i feel it needs to be improved a bit further...Full Review", "The game as a whole is awsome. But the new updates have made it laggy. Multiplayer No Knockdown and no point decrease still does not work. Now I am seeing pop-up ads and the game crashes more often. Developer is getting too greedy.", "don't play this game unless you are willing to pay money to unlock cars. this game is not fair at all. AI cars is designed to hit you by all means to let you lose. in multiplayer gameloft ruined touchdrive -on purpose- in favor of tilt driving. so you won't win higher rewards. specific cars only to ...Full Review", "It is a very good game! But it is so hard to get one of the good cars, and especially cars that you don't get so much like the Ford GTR350 or the BMW! and some these quest says it is needed, like just to get a ferari card you need a BMW or a Ford Shelby GTR350 these cars is impossible to get. But an...Full Review", "To slow and boring compared to asphalt 8, it's a pay to win game too, been playing a while now and still haven't progressed over the standard stock car of each class in the higher licences. people spend real money, they get the best items, they win more items. it's a pay to win game and items are ex...Full Review", "Multiplayer has become TRASH since the update!!! More HACKERS and CHEATERS!!! How is it that people can DRIVE RIGHT THROUGH YOU and have SUPERSPEED!?!? A CLASS-D car should never be faster than a CLASS-A car no matter what rank it is!!! I would spend more time trying to REPORT people than I would ra...Full Review", "Probably the most adrenaline fueled, action packed, stunt driven, crazy as heck game you will ever find on playstore. The graphics are beautiful and the controls are simple. Even a guy not familiar with racing games can give it a try and get used to it in no time.", "it's a really fun game, I've played asphalt 8 before this when I was young and my gosh what a addictive game! I loved it! of course one think I dislike about this game is that you can't buy cars with coins is all through cards. which sucks, but overall I love the game!! and I recommend people to pla...Full Review", "graphics are very low on redmi note 3... very low resolution and no advanced settings to play with. While asphalt 8 was great with Hd resolution. Why to force players for persist internet connection?..even in career mode ! and last one thing that ruined the whole experience is auto assistant.... now...Full Review", "Everything from the time ruining AI, the lowered drop rates from event packs, and this last chiron event.... you expect us to buy blueprints for 2 new cars and the chiron? And star them up? This game feels like a big scam lately. Also cars are unbalanced.", "Too hard to get anywhere. Nice graphics but, yet another money grabbing pay to win gameloft ripoff. Special events cannot be played in time with the p**s take difficulty. Never enough credits or cards to be competitive without paying about 700000000000000 quid. Please can sombody release a game that...Full Review", "your game was okay, but your daily events ripped me off. you guys owe me 2 rewards car events cards. my time was 38s on today's daily events amd i beat the 42 and 40 second marker but it never credited the rewards. either you guys have a bug you need to fix, or i dont know what else to tell you. all...Full Review", "Controls are rubbish. It doesn't take long for career to be unplayable without weeks of farming for parts and blueprints. And let's not get into multiplayer, It's a massive cheat. In all honesty this games cool for the new player, but once you've been playing for a while it becomes boring and a drag...Full Review", "Extremely Pay-to-Win, very unfair to new players. You have to spend a lot of real world money to even think about progressing in the game. Sure, it's fun at first, but you will hit a hard pay wall soon enough. Not to mention the general bad and lieing behaviour of the developer!", "I've put hours into getting bonus cars such as bugatti Chiron. little did I know that it was all a massive waste of time. unless you pay money you won't get it. this is misleading, it should be made clear before you spend 40 hours playing that you have to pay. disgusting. DELETED AND UNINSTALLED", "This game is pay to win. With the 1st few cars, progression is solid, but then it become a grind. Unless you want to pay money, progression is a part-time job. For a racing game, it shouldn't be this grindy. Only once you level up enough does it become slowly playable. Then multiplayer is broken. Ba...Full Review", "It's called asphalt 9 making you think it's better than the last one it's not. They added an energy system for cars they have a new auto driving and auto steering option on as default the career mode ui looks bad. It's like another game I think need for speed no limits and the biggest problem this g...Full Review", "I love the game. Played asphalt 8 and loved that. While it does seem it pushes a little more towards to pay to win then the previous title it's still a fantastic game. However my one edge I got. Which is watching ads is something I'm having a problem with as the game won't load them saying I have to...Full Review"], "Age of Z": ["This game is a solid game. It's quite fun and enjoyable, you advance fairly quickly through the game and so far I haven't really seen the need to throw cash out to progres. Also it's key to join a good an active alliance to help move along quicker. Fun Game!", "when you're telling me I have to use one of the special jobs to activate 2 building class which activates it and you're forced to use it please everyone unistall this game nobody should be forced to use something that they don't want to use and the game freezes unless you don't do something with the...Full Review", "More fun than I expected there is a lot to do and it is a great time killer but you get out of it what you put into it. With hard work patience and a bit of time you can reach the top", "pretty good I like it although mini games would add more to it", "its ok, stuff takes a long time", "same as war and order but with zombies", "Cant stop playing this game.", "so far, the gameplay is good, server issues are a bit annoying, but it comes back up pretty quickly!!", "Wao after the apocalypse.", "at lvl 12 starts to be a pay to play..... lots to do alliances are semi active .... good graphics", "This is one of the best games i've played in a while", "Pay to Win", "very fun and addictive", "adictave gameplay", "ok la", "Good time waster", "awesome gameplay", "nice game", "awesome \ud83d\udc4d", "werd", "great game", "Awesome", "Game is one of the more balanced games I have played. Game is easily 3 to 4 stars solid. Could take many paragraphs up explaining the good things about this game, but since this is about improving; thats what I will focus on here. House lets you hold x amount of refugees but has max capacity well ab...Full Review", "Amazing game, cheap to play I've spent \u00a350-\u00a360 on here and pretty much at the same level as everyone else, if you manage to find an amazing alliance like mine you can play at your own pace in return for donations. (helps alliances grow) I really enjoy playing it. If you've played mobile strike or ga...Full Review", "the game is fun. sadly its still a pay to play to win kind of game. other than that the battle style is awsome. gathering speed sucks even though we just unlocked the nations 25% more gathering speed its still 4 to 5 hours just to gather 80k in food or oil. but you can get a boost if you pay 500 gol...Full Review", "there are a lot of games like this in the Android market. the basic city building resource Gathering type of game. However, this one it is one of the better ones. I've got everything up to level 10 now oh, and I haven't hit that wall where it feels like you can't do anything without spending money. ...Full Review", "Very buggy still. Purchases made are still not having the appropriate updates and you are in effect losing money. You can pay for a certain pack and the benefits given are at times not even taking place. Would recommend you don't make purchases until this is updated and fixed. If you've made a purch...Full Review", "One of the most important part in the game is resources. This is not desgined properly in your game. Even after reaching to lvl 15 for each upgrade i need to gather resoucres with my army then, when should i play? Almost enitre dayis going on gathering.", "If only vip could be purchased for 30 days at a time \ud83d\ude15 still yet , good gameplay. Lola nation 11 translator is terrible, makes it difficult", "This is a great game!. Been playing for a long time and I have not had to spend any money. If you spend money you can grow faster but the game is great. Say hi to me KaveMan when you download it. See you in the game and \"Watch your six\"", "hecknah here. Great game. Can't stop. Hooked to generator to charge phone. Fighting off zombies attracted by the noise. Only one arm left to give \ud83d\udc4d.... so cold\ud83e\udd15... ........ braiiinnnssss\ud83d\ude2c\ud83e\udde0", "Great game and very addictive. There's always something to do that would keep you busy, from upgrading your troops, buildings, or materials. If you have down time then download the game. It will be fun.", "nice game, people that have complained about rss taking all day to gather don't know how to play a game like this. sheilds could be easier to get but those that are familiar with these games can work around that. pack prices aren't too bad. worth a try in my book.", "dont spend money on this game. I spent a bunch of money on this game and right after it boots me off the game i havent been able to log on ever since. poor coustomer service, I am an avid pack buyer i explained the problem and no response back from CS. this game is a bad investment.", "i am enjoying the team environment, gold is hard to come by and events ,at this early stage, do not reward well. in saying that the game is goid fun and i am in and out all day. enough to keep you interested", "Best War Game So Far This Year!!! Ive played Last Empire War z: Strategy 5 years....Age of Z is Way better... Graphics Bugs and Gameplay are Superb !!! 7VEGETO4 C16 NATION#7", "only been 24hrs but what I see i like... basically exactly the same as WaO except its had a facelift and in based in a post apocalyptic Zombie world... addictive and fun!", "Very addictive. You can get a long way without spending but in the end you probably will be tempted. Really liked the new update and troop promotion. AndyLeodis.", "I like the way the game plays I have stopped playing my other games because in this game I like how the hospital works, how you can keep up on all details of your base, and you can grow pretty strong quickly, this game it seems to be more like a military game than most other games I have played. I l...Full Review", "Fun game, but recently it didn't give the recruitment order when I claimed the last daily reward, which is a bit annoying. Though again, it's a fun game."], "Casino Slots: House of Fun\u2122\ufe0f Free 777 Vegas Games": ["Love Frankenstein. Got 95 free spins the other day & my score up-to almost, or just over a few million. Very new to the game, but still quite impressed,aye. But,it just doesnt and for a longtime hasnt paid out big,like it used too. So,i had to change my 5-star rating and remove 1 star if &/or when t...Full Review", "They finally stopped focusing on money only, which works out for all of us now because coming to the casino is way more exciting. I like the Buddy's for now. Always nice to gave them pop up with extra coins, chests or chips. Definitely enjoying the free daily gift and quiz prizes from messenger!! My...Full Review", "Been payin casino apps for years this one is top notch,its a keeper,very good graphics,and they a good variety of fun slots.this casino also give you alot of free coins in a variety of ways and challenges .look no more try it you will like it. I haven't noticed any glitches in this app. So far", "3 hour bonus enough for 4 spins. then done. games is the worse for free coins I get 60,000 coins every 3 hours and my minimum bet is 15,000 want a joke. and payouts and bonuses are next to nothing NOT RECOMMENDED. GO TO HIT RICH AT LEAST THEY GIVE YOU 2 hour bonus you can play for a while. just bet ...Full Review", "This casino slot app is designed beautifully, but extremely costly to play compared to others. I feel genuinely lucky with other game apps, but after playing this game for months, I find the overall rate of \"free spins\" and \"bonus rounds\" to be minimal. Consequently, it seems nearly impossible to ac...Full Review", "its basically a con to get you to spend $$$. since your not playing with \"real\" money there are no laws or regulations so they rig the game to maximize profit over fun or realism. everyday is the same story. they give you a few coins, let you win just a little bit, then take it all away. you wind up...Full Review", "Games are fun. The amount of coins/credits you receive hourly and daily aren't much to play with. I've purchased coins/credits and it never seems to last.... There are other slots that give a good amount of free credits and you can actually win. UPDATE: Well.... nothing has changed. I will most like...Full Review", "love this game so much im level 1021 to be exact.... I have been playing hof for almost 4 years and im still an addicted daily player. I love it so much and so will you. This is truly the number 1 casino slots app that there is. I will say the only downfall is the game can get very expensive. The lo...Full Review", "They have no payouts. Impossible to get in the bonuses. The only time you get any kind of pay out is through the chest. it's not that you ain't for the big winds it's that it never pays out even on a small bet. you don't get a play for very long and you have no daily return bonuses or anything like ...Full Review", "Another Update...one star because I have to! You have a great thing, too bad you can't keep enough money to play.....needs work!!!! will probably uninstall!! Update.... Played all of my free coins for joining and adding on FB. Unfortunately, very much like all the others! Just another casino game......Full Review", "every time you hit something good it cuts off and cheats you out ofyou winnings which is waytohard to hit anyway. restarted 5 times in 1 hour. rip off. Better have plenty of money because your not going to win much and get even less free points.", "Great entertainment! Wish there were more free coins though. Love the games!!! Some of the coin bonuses are better now. It does require the bet amount to be way too high for alot of the bonuses. 20000 and more is way too high and eats your coins fast Maybe they could increase your coins every 3 hour...Full Review", "I really like the variety of games, and they have kept me coming back. However, the amount of the free coins is too small. I'm at level 300+ and I only get 13k every 3 hrs + 15k daily. But most of the games have a minimum bet of 1.5k (at my level). There is also a free wheel spin every 5th free coin...Full Review", "Why do you people have to control everything. My last 7 spins on your Wheel of Fun I got 36 thousand coins 7 times in a row that is not possible unless you control the spins you should do right by your players. Your rating has gone down from 4 in a half to 3 if you continue to do wrong by all your p...Full Review", "This used to be my favorite slots game. I get really tired of the low bonuses and high minimum bets. Unless you buy coins or get really lucky your playing time is very short. Also, the pop ups are very annoying!", "Takes a while to get your chips back after losing them all. do not want to purchase more, I just want to play longer even if I lose money! great game though!", "I love this game and it is my favorite of all of them. I only have one complaint and I don't understand why they want give me all my chest after i done filled the meter so many times", "Just when I get my credits built up to a good amount to play and have a favorite \"go to\" game, you upgrade (supposedly) and I lose everything having to start all over. I refuse to buy coins so I guess I wont be playing as often as I used too. Its too bad. I really used to enjoy this.", "I love playing these games but , what has happened to the MAJOR AND GRAND PRIZES? But still having fun , could give more wins and larger wins sometimeand PLEASE DO AWAY WITH THE LEGENDS, JUST A WASTE OF TIME. TAKES TOO LONG TO WIN ANYTHING!!", "Love playing house of fun,  has the besr casino games and the bonuses you get daily on your email helps to keep you plahing longer.   Some of the challenges are not worth going for cause they ask too much coins to participate and some don't have enough time, some of us do work. Sometimes the rewards...Full Review", "So much fun, new and exciting games all the time. This game can really pass time! I do wish they gave out more free gifts, such as surprise spins with a higher bet!", "I have a new phone and thought I would not be able to download HOF which is my favorite game ever. Thanks for daily/hourly gifts. I am addicted. Playing every chance I get. Vegas meets me from my phone It's great fun especially if you are winning", "Best slots game ever!! Great games and graphics plenty of bonuses and big wins worth every minute absolutely no better slots love the different ways that they find to keep it fresh when the machines get hot there's no better game wish they would give me a bonus love it", "Not good at all I've reached lvl 130+ and spend some money but haven't win any higher jackpot or other prize playback isn't adequate to what you loose. Basically it's a waste of time and no fun at all... thx very much but I quit!!!!", "Broke down and bought some coins . Bet modestly but credits gone in no time. Going to find other games to play and definitely through buying coins to play thus rip off", "like most slots they let you win. But then they take it away. When I get down to nothing I just delete the game. Then I try a new one.", "I think after HOF, last big win contest everyone will see they are full of it. 85 days to rank up characters for a prize, then they extend it and you still can't rank up. Why? Because they give you little points , even with platinum chest, and want you to gets 100s of thousands points to rank up one...Full Review", "Love the games but can never keep enough points to play very long. Payouts are very tight. Seem to get tighter when Legends is going on. Why is it you tight up the payouts towards the end of challenges so you are never able to finish a challenge. Win for a few days and then everything goes cold. Rea...Full Review", "Grand Spins and lots of games to choose from, very easy to find ALL your favorites right here at the HOF Slots, Join now and get your 100 free spins and bonuses every 3 hours! Also Great Challenges!", "These slots play the closest to real life playing as any I've seen!! Some sites want you to play such high $ amounts it's ridiculous!!", "This site has certainly been good to me as of late. More wins and better payouts. Also enjoying the extra coins every day. Thank you HOF. It would be nice if the wheel came up with some worthwhile coins occassionally.", "This is a fun game to play. There are many to choose from. Everyone will at least find one game they enjoy on here. The only part I do not like is when there is a challenge,payouts are slim then.", "Fun game but not much to look forward to besides fake cash. Mostly all you are doing is watching a wheel spin to get fake coins that you cannot redeem for anything out of the game. It would be nice if we could win real cash or real rewards.", "Server is down very often, coins are too expensive. Once you get to higher levels with little money, you can't play because the minimum bet is too high.", "I really Love the game but you have to be careful and watch the bet amounts, they can reset to higher amounts if you don't watch it closely otherwise great fun. The best game out there! They add lots of new features to keep it interesting.love to play this on my commuter bus? I just really enjoy the...Full Review", "Nice game playing for a long time but have to tell the truth it's costly but I continue to enjoy. It would be nice to get a jackpot once in a while. Getting better no jackpots", "Jackpot prizes too low have Not won anything major. No fun. Seems to be getting worse. Soon I may have to uninstall. Being robbed daily land on jackpot then skips to next prize. Jackpot prizes getting scarce on spin the wheel. Stop taking the fun out of house of fun.", "Just like playing lotto.. never win.. payouts are terible. never get enough coins to last.. games take forever to pay anything.. always want you to pay money.....bonuses are kinda cool....", "I wish it would stop freezing and going dark during game play! I enjoy the games when they work. The app has frozen my phone for hours as well. Sometimes it doesn't give the bonuses.", "OMG!!! I love playing all the games on HOF. It has the best and most fun games. I enjoy all the games. It's entertaining. Iove it. I have been playing for a very long time. Awesome!!\ud83d\ude03 The best games ever!! better than any mobile games available. Awesome, fantastic & so much fun!!! Love it!!\ud83d\ude00\u2764 Best...Full Review"], "Need for Speed\u2122 No Limits": ["Need for Speed No Limits is one of the best games on Android. \ud83d\ude97 Graphics are really nice and the gameplay is very good. Best thing is that we can change the controls. \ud83c\udfae Must have on your Android if you consider yourself as a gamer! There are many racing options available in the game including mult...Full Review", "Please release Blackridge rumble special event again so that Henessey Venom GT can be achieved. It is so boring to race proving grounds again and again so many times. Also, a special event for winning Ford GT (Razor) really makes it interesting. Underground rivals is no fun compared to Blackridge ri...Full Review", "good graphics. the controls don't always respond like they are supposed to, especially turning. races are almost always <60 seconds. they made it pretty much impossible to finish special events. to get anywhere in this game, you have to spend real $ to buy gold. even their gold buying options suck, ...Full Review", "Good graphics and it's fun to play but can you add some open world missions like the cops will come at you and you run or hide your car anywhere in the open world or find some racers and you can race at them and put some cool new diccals on it pls. I know I suck at spelling hehe\ud83d\ude02 .But seriously tho...Full Review", "it's impossible to win a special event without spending real money, because I made it to the final and all up grades were make to the car but yet my PR of the loaner car wouldn't quality unless I spent real money to buy blue prints. very entertaining but wish they wouldn't make it so hard to acquire...Full Review", "I have to say its a good game but, to be honest there is a little problem by earning gold. I honestly think that the game game is a little unfair on the way that gives you gold especially because, the packs on the store to buy blueprints to buy with gold is really high for the amount of gold you ear...Full Review", "Leave alone the serious crashing of the previous update, this new update WON'T EVEN OPEN!!!! EA Games, what's wrong? I never thought I'd ever say this. but I completely hate this game right now. If it persists, I'll uninstall it. Fix the issue fast.", "Is it me or what? The events are getting significantly tougher and its almost impossible to win it without using a whole lot of gold. Even getting silver you don't get the car? Used to get the basic car when reaching silver, not some blueprints for no reason", "The races are too short. Unless you're rich, it's impossible to get new cars or upgrade the ones you have, because the items are very hard to get and some cars ask for big quantities of those items. It's retarded to have many currencies in one game, one is enough. And the special events... The 1st c...Full Review", "The special events in particular WERE great fun and keep me coming back. Until they rigged it so no matter how much you play or how many credits you generate, the vital items you need in the store almost always come up as gold purchases. Played for years and spent real money on, now thinking of unin...Full Review", "Great game but since last update it started crashing at list once a day and at the car series arena it won't open the next race unless I leave the series I'm in. Fix it please so I can rate you higher as you deserve. Thanks for an awsome game. Keep on the good job", "As a collector-game this game is really hard to collect everything. Even you pay with real money the collecting-thing is still unenjoyable. Please make it easier to collect the blueprint to upgrade and get new car as the game main interest is about collecting the cars", "Update: I downgraded my score for a few reasons. I would still give this a 5 star rating if it wasn't a pay to play game. There are a lot of pay to play games out there, but usually you can still have some fun and get somewhere in a game. Not the case with this one. It also freezes a lot especially ...Full Review", "Great graphics is all this game has. Game play is mediocre, no where near as good as Asphalt 8. The ONLY way to advance in the game is to spend hundreds of real dollars. Would be cheaper to buy an Xbox or Playstation and a racing game along with a racing wheel and pedals. EA hates their customers.", "Really good game. Would definitely recommend it to my friends But, I don't like the fact that it cheats a lot. I hate cheating games but, I'll keep on playing", "The best racing game I ever played i love when you can customize you the way you want. But can you add more body kits, wheels, liverys for the cars, and more stuff to the game such as drag racing and drifting . can y'all add more stuff the game plz I will uninstall this if you don't", "Its a good game, good time killer, it has a lot of potential. And I would have given it five stars but none of the online races are balanced, so you either win by a landslide or you lose by a landslide. and if your game crashes in the middle of a race it counts as a lose which is stupid. the balenci...Full Review", "need for speed no limits is one of the best racing games I've ever played it really feels like your playing a new nfs game with console level graphics a linear story line and a nitro system that reacharges a little faster all and all i give it a 4.5 (P.S. it needs more wraps) and it would be great i...Full Review", "The game is good, controls sometimes is finicky at the start, and game is crashing(which is pure aggravation.) Surprised, my career hasn't been wiped like multiple other games in the past, due to the crashing.", "Gets monotonous and very slow after level 30. Very hard to find parts to upgrade cars so you just get stuck with literally nothing to do. Devs need to give out parts or at least remove redundancies that prevent gamers from racing.", "ever since the last app. update this game will freeze or the app. will close for no reason. What are your programmers doing.", "At first, I didn't expect this game to be good. But, after playing it, I am a big fan of it. Need For Speed series has never been a disappointing one.", "This game is a complete fraud i played a series now i had 2,075 gold the end chapter was 20 for diablo why my gold went to 85 instead of 95. pay attention or theyll cheat you, this really need investigating and they dont answer us either,wow who are we dealing with? ive notice alot but im takin a br...Full Review", "My most favorite game of all time but I do wish there would be more mods as u level every single car every car feel the same especially the wheels and decals at least bring in some new mods for cars but overall this is the best game of all .", "Back from 1 star as the last update has less crashes and freezes. Still, not optimal and the gameplay could be snappier.", "Not happy at all been using gold to try win special cars and its impossible unless your spending money ive only won 1 car out of thelast 5 special events sort it outor i will be deleating", "best game i have ever had on my phone. i have never liked abgame so much that i have kept it for over a year until now. Realy fun and keeps getting better. good work!", "game has gotten better. still loose out on the cars if you dont play 24/7 when a tournament is going for a special car or if you dont use real money.", "After the update, the game keeps freezing and crashing and because of that I keep losing my event tickets. I try very hard to win the special event, but the devs have made it ridiculously difficult and not possible to win unless you spend gold. Even after spending the gold, I lose the tickets becaus...Full Review", "I really love this game I just hate that it crashes every 5 minutes and I have to restart the entire app which causes me to lose fuel,money,progress, and just extremely annoying. please fix this", "no any doubt about that nfs no limit is better than asphalt legend better realistic gameplay experience i suggest increase game size to 1.5gb and add extra realistic graphic just like nfs 2015 i face one graphical problem is that,theres no any refelction of indicator glasses of car thats looks less ...Full Review", "I CHANGED MY REVIEW BECAUSE THE UNDERGROUND IS TOO HARD MY CAR'S HP IS 274 AND THE RIVAL'S CAR IS 378HP HOW CAN I WIN IT. FIX THAT THEN I WILL GIVE IT 5 Stars. Please fix it", "better play pubg that has a fair game play not greed for money.. EA games playing cheep tricks with gamers... greed for money... bloody loosers", "its actually quite fun ti play especially if you have the correct hardware in your device... though the gyroscope control would have been way better with elongated gameplay time.... still this racer stands far ahead of any that i have played", "Could use better packages, i want to buy a better quantity of money and gold, so i can play longer!! I am addicted to this game, i get mad when i have to wait to play lol please make it better!!", "keeps freezing up and counting the race as a loss and i have to constantly close and re open app dont invest your time into it!!! was fun at first but will be more of a pain later", "can you add some new tracks? and by tracks i mean new tracks and new music? and maybe drag races with nitro lines? i wanna blow my engine and see how fast i can go. and an option to put video settings at ultra?", "I love this game. The game worked in the beginning but after a few days it won't load. Please fix this problem if you can", "I am playing this game on MOTO G6 AND I M HAVING A LOT OF NOT RESPONDING ISSUES FOR WHICH MY LIMITED TIME TIKETS GET WASTED, AND GAME CRASHES IN BETWEEN ... I NEVER HAD SUCH ISSUES WHILE PLAYING ON I PHONE SE..... ALSO THEREZ SOME TIMES GLITCHES IN GAME PLAY...TYPE OF LAGGING....NEED HELP PLZ.... I ...Full Review", "Disappointed. Always loved this game, but went to re-download it, and it keeps saying \"can't connect to Google play\". Definitely uninstalling."], "Piano Solo - Classical Magic Game White Tiles 4": ["this game is so interesting and hard but fun to play.there has been 4!!! sesons so far and they all were really interesting i cant wait for the fith one.You guys are so talented.Keep up the good work\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\udc77\u200d\u2642\ufe0f\ud83d\udc77\u200d\u2640\ufe0f", "it has background music and like the regular one you have to tap the blocks and it will make the song but in this one I could wait to tap the block and it makes no noise when you to change the block and you never get the fun so don't recommend this app", "Would give zero stars if I could. All it ever does is crash. NONE of my other apps crash.", "the game has pretty awesome music and it is challenging but the ads ate very annoying and not even GOOD. It would also be nice to have a menu to customize your background of the level", "to be very honest I enjoy this game alot, not the songs a whole lot but being able to test your tap speed is amazing. Highly recommend.\ud83d\ude0a", "its a fantastic piece , clearly displaying and empahsisng the beautiful melody of the piano crushing its other propoturus rivals by breaking thier selfish outer shelves and exposing the human nature .truly esquiste", "It is good but I have not had it for too long and it is already glitching, I press it but it does not respond wasting a life and I think it is really stupid that there is lives.", "it is not the best as the panio thing 4 but i can say is that i like it as much that i would play every day so here is a 5", "it Is a really good challenging game and makes you happy and alert.not only that but there are many beautiful song\ud83d\ude17", "it is a good ap but i dont like the ads BUT everything is good ok and my name is Vanessa this was my sister's old phone my name is Vanessa not Angelica\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude42\ud83d\ude0f\ud83d\ude25", "It is so cool I convince you to play it \u2764\u2764\u2764 And also I hav ejust downloaded it It is so goood an s hard but it is okay everything is so funny\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b", "this game can play with out wifi and its rilly fun the thins are rily cheep its amazing it 1.19 for 700 bimans you shoud befintly get it", "First off the music doesn't even match the game .Second it goes way to fast and at one point it didn't alow me to click anything...", "I really like this game. overall this was really great but there should be less adds", "i like it but it goes to fast and it takes forever it to be done\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21.And the good thing is that you get to know how fast your fingers are\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04.", "i love this game its so fun i just downloaded it and i alredy have 1128 points", "I love the songs they put in here and I'm happy they made a number 4 !!!!!! I LOVE THIS APP", "when I'm playing it sometimes makes me fail please fix it and keep up with the good work", "This game is great. I love the music and the music makes sense. The graphics in this game are amazing compared to its former games as well. Over all, it is a really nice game.", "very addictive as the all last versions.... and the buying of premium songs can be done with the diamonds... it was a good change \ud83d\ude00", "Very fun but... there is glitches when I come in but after it's fine. Such a great game!", "I was level 60 something and it started me all over to level one and I'm really mad about this cuz I worked really hard to get to that level", "I LOVE IT! some times I get mad", "why the f is it so flipping slow every time i press one of the tiles and for some f***ing reason it doesn't count it it just gets me angry", "awesome game, and a great way to pass some time. two thumbs up \ud83d\udc4d", "good game, however it would have been better if the song was played along with tapping the keys", "Tests very good typing skill and challanges you my best is around 784", "this is a good game to relax yourself if you are in stress also if you like music", "This game is very addictive and I am loving the songs so far.", "Its really \"relaxing\" Ann yes the sound of \"ding dong dah\" \ud83d\ude1d", "the tiles are not in perfect sync.\ud83d\ude11", "Nice game. relaxing. I like to hear quality sound. Good effort", "I mean it's alright it gets like too fast and too hard and it like makes you like not win the game sorry... but three stars to help I think that's good for this.", "Its a good game i just wish that you could search for a song instead of just having to find one.", "it is the best game ever and it actually feels like your playing the piano", "it has all of my favourite artists and the music is great, i think this is the best one yet", "I love it this game is so addicting \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0b", "awsome game just when im playing theres lots of lag", "i love your game soooo much its very challangeing i love it keep making games love you\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\udc96\u2764!!!!!", "this isn't a good app it has stupid ads like happy glass \ud83d\ude08\ud83d\ude08"], "Farming Simulator 14": ["Fun game that really passes the time. Only complaints I currently have are:  1. I just bought a new harvestor and there's no \"work\" button so I can harvest my crop. Trying to give it some time because it seems like a glitch. 2. I'd really like to be able to manage animals as well. Like chickens, pig...Full Review", "This is the best game ever I saw for farming. It haves the controls amd graphics. But still theres problem that whenever I purchase any tractor and sell it after I want another tractor then I cant purchase it. The option of purchasing becomes blur. So please make it better. If I will not see any imp...Full Review", "HELP! Big fan of the series first time trying a mobile version wanted to try this before getting the newer one.. Something is wrong with the audio it is loke echoing and doubling up have to mute everything it is that bad.. Is this a known issue with a fix?", "I found it really fun. But some of the quests I couldn't do. The manual isn't explained very well. Also once I harvested the first crop I cpuldn't harvest any more as it won't grow. Can some pls tell me how to make your crop grow. It's kinda hard to make money.", "bought all upgrades but game doesn't unlock them for me. It gave me them but requires me to pay again to get another and will not let me sell them even after Clicking the restore button, it say successfully restored but never gets rid of that button! lots of Crashes on my brand new note 8! can't fin...Full Review", "I really like this game and I do think it's one of the better farming games out there. I just reached a million dollar and have quite a bit of equipment  but I can't even access the game now. I click on the game icon and it starts up and than my screen go's black and won't turn back on till I press ...Full Review", "Some people are hating on this game for stupid things, for instance the fact that when you buy one vehicle on one save you can't load it on another. The reason for this is because the saves are all completely unconnected and will only show its own data. But overall this game is rlly good and if ppl ...Full Review", "very good game just two problems with the game. When I hire an AI worker they sometimes will go haywire and run into things and stop halfway through the game. my other problem is that I cannot pic in up manure with any tools. overall a great game", "Used to play this all the time years ago, glad to see Giants made it free, I was just talking to a friend last night about what a great company they are, new game every year, be it PC or Mobile (I play the PC versions mostly) its always got major updates, they never charge for game FEATURES, its alw...Full Review", "There is only one reason for my 4 - star rate is missing for collect milk. Whenever i feed my cows with hay, there is no increasing milk in the milk tank i put on the side. What was the cause for my problem?", "This game is pretty fun and I love the fact that it has Bluetooth \nmultiplayer! Many game makers don't have Bluetooth multiplayer games but \nyou guys were smart and added it to this game! I only wish the 2018 version \nwas free. I will give five stars to both games if you make it free!", "There are fields in this game the AI can't tend. If that isn't enough, if \nyou buy the biggest seeder, the AI can't tend ANY field with it. The huge \nmower crashes the game. On top of ALL that, they constantly trying to get \nyou to spend out on the newest version. Utter BS. Do not waste your time or...Full Review", "OOmg this is my best day ever since 4 years I've been  trying  to  find  this for free thank you!!!! But could  you please  add camera  modes and more cool vehicles and other farming equipment and also if you can add a level system to wear when you level up to your certain level you unlock more vehi...Full Review", "My biggest complaint is I hate the forced overhead view. I wish I could see farther out, more than just the zoom out. If the header wasn't there that would help, but I just wish there were more view options", "Awesome game I loved it. After my phone crashed I had to download it again now and now I cannot get my stuff back it doesnt want to sign in. I would really love some help or answers around this. I would hate to lose this game as it keeps me buzy and its very entertaining", "Hmmm.. Didn't like that one did you OK.. So theres no offline time so I was ohhh OK then ill just sow my rows leave my phone only to come back to dead crops.. Not a happy chappy.. NO OFFLINE TIME...???? Either remove the crop death or add offline time.. Gezz even a timer on crops would of help.. hou...Full Review", "Love this game. BUT i have 1 issue is with the button layout. Please move over the vehicle switch button to the right and not have it so close to the stearing buttons. I constantly go to turn and accidentally hit the vehicle switch button and it is getting extremely frustrating. Please and thank you", "I love this game it is addicting and great. However I still leave a 5 star review and have paid for coins and vehicle unlocks. But when you are in farm help mode the rocky mountains stops the tractors from going on because the tractor and trailer attached is too long and wont let the tractor continu...Full Review", "Samsung Galaxy S5  Now That I got the Hang of it, THIS is 1 of My Favorite Games ! Getin Started SUCKS- This Game Had me Pi$$Ed at The beginning ~ I don't Know HOW MANY TIMES I Had To ReRead The \"In Game Instructions\" so I cud progress. But I Finaly Got it. Idea For Future Update = Articulating Trac...Full Review", "Terrible. Had to re download the game! Then to top it all off I've lost ALL saved data and can't Restore Purchases to get ALL my items back!! And I've spent well over \u00a330! Please fix this ASAP!!", "It was very entertaining the whole time I was trying to figure out what to do with it. Five days later after playing it five or so hours a day, I was bored... It became predictable. Having said that, it's a quality game considering that it's free.", "Awesome Farming Tycoon Simulator reminds me of Flight Simulators and SIM \nCity Roller Coaster Tycoon type of Games on the Old Desktop style PC. \nTablet sux for me to do fun things easily. Love all who work hard to help \nus play games relax and enjoy our technology that's always devolving for \nthe be...Full Review", "This game really demonstrates the importance in time for harvesting and \nplanting but the only thing I dont like is that there is no winter. I also \nthink that they should make it like real life for money. Mainly because \nthere are tractors in this game that are worth about 2 million but in the \ngam...Full Review", "I love the game, in app purchase is super cheap. $10 and you can have the \nbest of everything. The only thing i don't like is, some of the purchases \ndon't stay for long and I'd like to be able to zoom out further", "Had some problems with unlocking a few items. Giant Software took care of it in a timely manner. Farming Simulator rocks, no matter what version! Get this app and any other made by Giant Software.", "I paid for coins my phone died while playing and it deleted my saved game.. So now i lost all my coins which was 2.2 mil all gone and emailed twice trying to resolve this and no answer once resolved will give 5 stars..", "This was working fine untill 50 hours then it locked the in app purchases I just made. Tried reinstall and restore from the app. Did not work. On fs 16 I notice a very similar review. Sent an email no reply as the in app purchases had been made in the last 48 hours. I would not install this or make ...Full Review", "The harvesters are very slow please add a vehicle that carries harvesters. \nThe game kids very good. please make more vehicles and selling points and \nadd a new feature that we can go to another place and we can return from \nthe same track", "Awesome I love your game and yea one thing I want to say that this game is \ncan hacked by lucky patcher my cousin hacked it's in-app purchases. So,if \nyou guys can fix it than go ahead......... Otherwise I love you game \nguyyyyyyysssss :-):-):-)", "Pfft u just sit there and collect..wait multiplayer?! Forget what I said I was a joke it is amazing the graphics it's just Amazing actually I spent a lot of time in this game I suggest that you could make a game that is driving in multiplayer like this farming with driving!", "I love the game but the only issue is the fact that you have to buy better sowing machines as I have just bought the biggest field in the game and I cannot get a bigger sower than the one you start with. But apart from that as I have mentioned one of my favorite games I have.", "Would be even better if we could link to Facebook to play on multiple divices without having to start over but I really love the game my husband and me and our daughter and step son all play competitively to see who can get what first", "This is first game of my life I Love good luck for future.plz add some new in this game as you made new games like fs16 & fs18.Only add machinery will dust with mud and leave there waheel line where those machine pass through.Please please I request to the develpore I'm big fane of this game", "I like it however, WHAT I ABSOLUTELY HATE IS THAT I NEED TO PAY FOR THE MOST ADVANCE EQUIPMENT GRRRRRR, IT GETS ME ON MY NERVES!!!!!!!!!!!!!\ud83d\ude2c\ud83d\ude2c\ud83d\ude2c\ud83d\ude2c\ud83d\ude2c\ud83d\ude2c\ud83d\ude2c\ud83d\ude2c. What I suggest is that you may make a profit without us paying for it. Put some adds ONLY when purchasing that equipment and that's it, that's...Full Review", "Very nice game , to interesting  , easy to play , very nice time burner,  if your busy the best game is this to spend your time very frequently without losing interest ; osm graphics , nice gameplay , but still it also a bit problem game bcoz you have to buy all locked product to increase  the  prod...Full Review", "I would have given this game 5 stars but I had unlocked both big tractors \nall the krone corn cropping gear the semi truck the krone loading wagon \nover 2.25million in game cash as well as the big seeder and a few other \nthings that I can't seem to get back please fix it and I'll give you 5 \nstars. ...Full Review", "The controls are terrible, you have no idea what to do and the camera view \nis very restrictive. I definately would not recommend this game.", "Your game is very good but one thing weather and rain must be put in consideration and maybe punch able wheels and 3rd person that can do anything and one more thing please add more trucks in the game thank you for the surpeb game m loving it", "This is the best farming simulator in the app store! I've tried other farm simulators but they quickly get uninstalled. I've been playing this one almost two years and still enjoy it as much now as I did when I first started. The entire experience, from the graphics, to the controls, and ease of gam...Full Review", "I like the game.I just got farming simulator 2017 on my Xbox one yesterday \nit is fun and is nothing like this one , it has way better graphics and \neverything is almost different.I recommend you watch videos on YouTube of \npeople playing fs17 nobody recommended,just watch witch one looks \ninteresti...Full Review"], "Masha and the Bear. Educational Games": ["downloaded for my 3yr. old grandson and he hasn't seen it yet, I think it is wonderful. Children learn more and they enjoy it because they are familiar with the cartoon. it's like being part of it. they inter act with the ones they watch everyday. Thank you and have a funny day, laugh a lot. Cheer a...Full Review", "i love this app!.Is so good for my child 5 yers old!She learnd so much from this app and she's ready for the first klas! I played too this app and cose im a mother!Is very good! Never hate this app and the movie masha and the bear!", "I like masha and the bear so much because it has puzzels and numbers and letters to learn and create!!!It is very educational for children especially for 5 year olds!!", "1 app with lots games efficiency for mobile phone memory, but the advertisement keep popping up everytime finished play the games", "brilliant game for kids, thank you Masha and the Bear \ud83d\udc3b", "u deserve negative five stars I mean pay R19.99 to play piano", "It's an educational game it has helped my son in arithmetics", "i like this gamee i have given 5 stars to this game", "Downloade for my children.. They are enjoying this game.This game is awesome for children.", "\u0645\u0646 \u0627\u062d\u0644\u0649 \u0627\u0644\u062c\u064a\u0645\u0632 \u0644\u0644\u0623\u0637\u0641\u0627\u0644 \u0648\u0645\u0641\u064a\u062f\u0629 \u062c\u062f\u0627 \u062c\u062f\u0627 \u0634\u0643\u0631\u0627 \u0639\u0644\u064a \u0627\u0644\u062c\u064a\u0645 \u0627\u0644\u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639 \u062f\u0647", "i love this game , this game give good knowledge to kids.", "good game. lot of fun for me and my daughter.", "nice game but once your in the game you cant exit so im uninstalling it", "my daughter is fan of masha loves the games that are free", "This is a good game \ud83d\ude02\ud83e\udd23 i love it", "Love it its a good educational tool", "That it is fun BUTit confuces your mind", "not like real do not close all items", "Superb educational app for kids", "I cant exit!!!!", "amount of adverts are a joke", "not dat interesting \ud83d\ude10", "I like Masha and the system of game", "it's so nice to play", "there's to many ads for a kids game", "it's needs more games", "great my daughter loves it", "not educational at all", "My daughter is having fun in this app", "Who ever created this there is a hacker", "Nice for kids admission", "its good nice", "amazing kids game. ..", "What a wonderful game", "Very nice game", "kid likes masha & the bear", "very interesting game", "masha dhe ariu", "Love it soooo good", "good happy"], "Score! Hero": ["It's a great game, nice graphics and terrific gameplay. My only concern, why limited Energy? I have to wait for 10 mins to replay the game unless I want to spend my credits or cash. I feel that you are literally keeping people away from a game with limited energy approach. Not everyone can be good a...Full Review", "This is probably one of the best games that I played and that's why I gave it 5 stars. I finished all 600 levels. The game experience, graphics and controls are good, though some levels are really hard, and some nearly impossible to get all 3 stars. Also, the video ads which show after every failed ...Full Review", "Edit. New version completely corrupted graphics. Unplayable!!! Enjoyable game ruined by lack of an outright purchase option. I'm never going to spend a penny on refreshing energy or buying in game stuff so the makers get nothing from me. All a bit lame having to wait until you can play again.", "Im addicted,its hard but thats what makes it so good!! best game I've had on phone. I gave this game a bad review because you have to wait for your health to boost before you can play again,but ive realised thats what makes it addictive lol. Iwas wrong, quality game.", "This is one of the best and my fovourite soccer game ever. I finish all the level of old season. Now I am playing for end the 600 level and I know that i will finish it. BTW THANKS FTG you make a best career journey soccer game ever But I have some problems with it. Which is limited energy, hard lev...Full Review", "I've just updated and still having the samr problem. The game opens, you select play... it loads for a few seconds and kicks you out. My son loves this game, and will be guttered if i have to delete the game seeing that he is on level 207. please fix asap!!!", "Have enjoyed the game until I decided to purchase energy, when i try to refresh the energy it says that I've failed to initiate purchase, please check internet connection. I've reinstalled the app and tried many options to try to debug it. (And yes i have checked that my data is enabled) Purchase we...Full Review", "I just fell in love with this game. It's really a fantastic and addictive game. But the most important thing, you'll play this game with full of blithe \u2764Go, and install it! You'll definitely enjoy it.", "This game is good if a little repetitive but it does well at hiding. Why just 2 stars? The constant adverts. It makes the experience quite tedious and there's no way of getting rid of them. I'd happily buy the game to avoid them like you can in other games but that doesn't seem to be the option. Ins...Full Review", "Another game with decent gameplay ruined by money grabbing. Energy runs out very quickly, meaning you can either wait hours, pay \u00a32.99 for a days unlimited energy or watch another ad. Ads are constantly forced on you too, making the whole experience very boring. If you just charged 99p and lost the ...Full Review", "arrrrrrh this game is soooo bad! my players just stand and the defenders can run so fast and reach every ball", "My game was excellent before the last update which has now turned all the graphics pixelled I hope this gets fixed. I have even tried to reset my game but the graphics stay the same once i get into a level.", "the health system is stupid.. love the game but can only play it for 2 minutes a day before my energy runs out.. i get they want ypu to pay for energy but just made me uninstall....!", "this is one of the worst games, not just Soccer, but overall. How can you make me pass the ball to the defence, when the opponent goalkeeper left the goal and i could score so sipmly. This game will actually make you very nervous. so don't install it, just don't.", "AMAZING GRAPHICS.THE GAME IS NOT AT ALL EXHAUSTIVE EVEN THOUGH I AM PLAYING 126th LEVEL. I SAY THAT IT IS ' THE ' BEST GAME IN PLAY STORE FOR FOOTBALL GAMES. I AM ENJOYING THIS GAME A LOT. I LOVE THIS GAME", "As you progress a certain way through the game, it suddenly demands payment for you to go on, out else you must wait a timed fifteen minutes before you can continue. Perhaps this time period will reappear and go up if I progress even further through the game? Mercenary and dishonest for a game claim...Full Review", "I try and play a match to boost my stars and it kicks me out to my home screen after a certain amount of time please fix I miss playing this game", "our teammates are like dummies they can't catch up with the ball and the most interesting thing is that we have to pass the ball right in their leg", "I really enjoy this game. The graphics are really good and I like the story mode. The only downside is that you have to drop real money to get extra bucks to pay for \"rewinds\" or unlimited hearts for some stages.", "i was playing this game for 2 years,i spent money and time,i lost my saved progress ,Melissa from customer support told me that \"due to the instability of the Google Play Cloud service,we cannot recover ur saved progress\"that means i lost all my progress ,when i asked her for refund or any kind of r...Full Review", "I just downloaded the game again and I'm very disappointed to see my cloud save is nowhere to be found, considering I've completed the first 26 SEASONS", "broken, goes pixelated as soon as i log in, really like the game but just unplayable currently, please update and fix this", "this the best game i ever play in my life i want white colour t-shirt but it is not available this is very good game thanks", "i love this game it is really good but the only thing is that u have to wait for mor hearts and if you download it again and you wanted a diffrent carrer it will save your old one", "a very good game but the control is not so much good we have to only make a line to shoot or pass the ball .", "You need to fix the mechanism of the game, how can your level be a fail when a defender intercepts but stole the ball back again? Fix this", "it's a good game I like it very much it's graphics are also very good I have gone till level 400 I think it is very big game thanku", "my experience was very good the only thing that i dont agree with is that you wait for about 17 mins to get one heart", "the game is great, hence the 5 stars...but the \"word fron the sponsors\" gets in the way waaaayyy too many times", "what the hell happend to the sound. all crackley. all my other apps work. restarted my phone and un/reinstalled it. not cool.", "Why can't you try without lives it is so fast and the live are going down", "This game randomly gives the opposition the ball even when I can't control the character", "Great interactive experience where you control the players future. Only thing i would of liked is a better joice on transfers.", "please add real face of the players add real studiums,Improve the gameplay.", "wow an awesome game,make this game popular by making score hero 2,3,4 etc,but add an infinite life on score hero", "This game is pretty cool but I keep failing and attempting to buy unlimited health but they never show the price also wish you would add real players to the game e.g MESSI ,NEYMARetc", "it is an amazing game with all in it. graphics ,easy controls. I feel grateful about the energy I have. please make the energy infinite I love tor game. I recommend it", "the game is just boting with limited energy, it saps the fun and just makes a ordeal to do anything. Pleasr get rid of the energy system.", "its good but the only thing i dont like is your hearts go down every time you mess up but apart from that is really good", "something went wrong with the game since last night whenever i press the button play the game end before no issue it was fine game"], "SimCity BuildIt": ["fun at stages. nice realism feel of urban planning with a futuristic adventure. however integration of resources could be better such as trading of items at neomall and prices of decorative landscape or parks. some items are just too expensive. should have easier ways of earning monies. some people ...Full Review", "Game has great graphics and is a nice city builder. Takes patience to develop and progress, but that's by design. Notifications need work. Sure you can block them manually via app settings in Android, but you shouldn't have to in order to stop them from happening in the middle of the night. Would al...Full Review", "A good game to play for people with busy lives. I enjoy that it does not require constant attention. Every few days I binge on SimCity, then leave it alone for a few. No matter how you play, there is always something fun going on. I would improve the online marketplace if given a chance. It is too r...Full Review", "This was my \"go to\" game. I loved growing my city and playing mayor contests. Problem with mayor contest is you level up too quick if you are competitive. The higher the level, the harder it becomes to expand and grow... so i slowly started playing less ans less because i don't have the time to inve...Full Review", "Could you make the storage cheaper to upgrade as it is a vital part of the game or simply make it free at each level that's completed. I used to play this all the time on my computer and very much missed it. I really love this game, I just wish you also offered it for free online, maybe through face...Full Review", "This is a very fun game. The only problem I have ever had with this game was when the region's content was added, I kept getting an error that read \"there was a problem downloading extra content for your game\" and the error message was 1100.7 additional content download error. I did not play for abo...Full Review", "I enjoy playing it but, I don't like the fact that you can't take items off your depot you put on yourself. Instead you have to ask someone else to buy it off your depot that is if someone else in game is on at the time. If not you could spend all night searching for another item just like the one y...Full Review", "Should be able to spend regional simoleons on service items. (health, police etc) Problems with global market. In most instances a waste of time. Please make more land expansion items available, especially grader scoops/blades. I spent 2 days on the global market looking for 2 blade to no avail..", "Pretty good overall, but I don't like leveling up and being forced to buy buildings that I can't afford. Govt services should be upgradable like the residential buildings. Also, instead of the govt services having a stupidly limited range, how about a quality rating that decreases with range but doe...Full Review", "New update not allowing me to play. Throws an error message at startup. Also I would like to suggest it be made possible to move fire depts, hospitals, and police depts to other regions. And most importantly: we need to collect simoleons when we update regions. Fire, hospital, police depts, etc drai...Full Review", "This game is very slow. It's nothing more than a copy of every other game out there. Build this, make that, fill this order spend real money. With the club wars you cannot declare one without the team, directions are so cause that even 3 weeks in and a level 23 with everything unlocked I still can't...Full Review", "I enjoy the game, especially the opportunity to develop regions which look very different to the capital city. However a major downside of the game is that it is too easy to exchange green Simcash for gold simoleons with an accidental brush of the finger. This would be ok if reversible, but it is no...Full Review", "EA MUST stop the cheaters. I have played this game for 4 years and have spent real money on it. The hackers are ruining it. I don't play much anymore because of them. They have unlimited simoleons and sim cash thru hacking. EA can stop it and I hope they do, soon, or I will quit playing...along with...Full Review", "Awesome game ! LOVE the latest updates, especially the rain. I've been a SimCity fan since the 90's. When the mobile device edition, Build It, was released, of course I had to play it. Much more user friendly than the original version. I played daily for several years, but when the wars were introdu...Full Review", "Any game based on real cash to progress\ud83d\udcb5\ud83d\udcb5 is not worth playing\u274c\ud83d\udc4e\ud83c\udffb Fun to play at first, frustrating and irritating later on as u will need to spend real cash or u r stuck there forever! Buildings, materials, resources are way too overpriced. Storage upgrade materials insanly hard to find unless ...Full Review", "War needs tweaked though. Need to have a time limit on how long you can stay shielded. Like maybe have a time limit set and then all buildings are automatically rebuilt. That would make people keep participating as well as giving the other team the ability to fight back to victory.", "#1 Cities all end up looking the same with road 2 building squares and a road, #2 map to small #3 I dont want a city full of only tall buildings we need suberbs #4 can we get a sold sign before we get to the other city please!!! #5 zoom out and in farther would be great #6 u should have a loyalty th...Full Review", "1) I hope buy new land could be at a bit lower price. 2) So many groups hide under shields at war. I hope there is a time limit for shield and/or bomb to break shield. 3) Need a bank so simoleons can generate interest. 4. I love new regions. They are beautiful.", "Well done. This game will give you a definite challenge, even if you never directly challenge other players. The game itself will. Love this version. I've been playing SimCity since SimCity 2000 on my last desktop computer. I'm playing this on my mobile device. How times change. Keep making it roar ...Full Review", "Game becomes very repetitive, waiting on building materials to finish is the whole game eventually. In-game \"Sim Cash\" prices are absurdly over priced to finish build times early and EA is so greedy that you'd go broke trying to but more sim cash to get this game to continue. I've read this game is ...Full Review", "Game economics push you to spend real cash too much. No matter how good you play, you are always lacking resources and find yourself in need of SimCash. SimCash is easy to lose through a misclick. certain basic items are juat out of reach unless you wait months or years or spend real cash. game flag...Full Review", "The game is ok but very expensive and instructions are seriously lacking. Also I have encountered program bugs. I was offered to upgrade the Building Supply Building and it took my 12000 Simileons and the told me I couldn't upgrade until a much higher level. The Building Supply is a real bottleneck....Full Review", "I do not care for the different currencies and how to collect them, as far as regions. They should accumulate the same way the capital city does, every 24 hours/minutes you get so much money in city hall. This should also work that way in regions. Or do away with all these currencies.", "it's ok. kind of frustrating to get hit with hidden expenses, like working to get enough simolians to start an education system only to get hit with the bill for upgrading roads when there has been zero change in city population since the last upgraded roads. kinda hokey in that respect but educated...Full Review", "i have been a fan of SimCity since the early nineties. this version isn't my favorite. the constant reloading to visit other cities is using extra data it shouldn't have to from my satellite... buying is random... there is no way to anticipate when you will be able to buy an item.... not sure yet ab...Full Review", "it's a fun game but get annoyingly asked you to read it all the time even after you have what's just got you a lower rating. and it hijacks your photo gallery and puts a bunch of useless pictures from the game on your phone but you continually have to go and delete so I've dropped my rating by two s...Full Review", "Advice: Grind to Club Wars, join a solid club, expand storage hugely and the Neobank capacity...and by no means expand to the additional zones. I.e. Green Valley, etc.. Additional: Get ready to dedicate time/grind Overall: After grind, it's a fun management game. Bottom line: Get ready to spend 2 ye...Full Review", "I thoughly enjoy this game. I've been playing for over a year now. As a senior citizen I enjoy challenging my memory as I manfacture raw materials and finished goods. Remembering finished goods for building upgrades, ship cargos and country shipments is quite challenging. I would like to see if all ...Full Review", "Let's start of saying I love almost all Sim related games, been playing this one on and off for years. I say on and off bc storage really ticks me off and I get aggravated and uninstall. I reinstalled the app recently and what do you know... still not fixed. Im leveled in the 30s and still have to g...Full Review", "The game has much potential, once the cheaters are weeded out. Team members should be able to sell/buy boosters with one another, like they do war items. Additional boosts should be allowed, over 15/war. More ways to earn keys also needs upgrading, so atttack levels can be opened. Too often using ke...Full Review", "Nice graphics and a functional interface for a city builder. The core focus is busy work though, and clicking on things with timers. It can take a lot of time (and at regular intervals of every few hours) to be competitive in competitions and is a significant time sink if you want to give the game t...Full Review", "I couldn't build any more roads after placing the first one (in tutorial). I'm following the instruction but when I go to drag it just moves the camera and not place/highlight the road. I looked around for solutions but couldn't find any. Shame, I wanted to give this game a bash", "Great game till the latestes update. it keeps giving an error when downloading the additional content for your game (1100.7) this will be the second game where as soon as i spent real money on it that it fail conveniantly after an update. please sort this out.", "The Neo part of the game is disappointing. The game keeps tabs of what you need and prevents you from getting it for a time frame. It will continue to process the same products over and over and you cannot get the items you want. That and the Neo pricing to buy is expensive and to sell the same item...Full Review", "Still addicted and playing after all the updates and changes. The graphics are truly amazing and am loving building up the new areas now. The gifts the game gives are super helpful and a great way to connect with people all over the world!", "I had given this game 5 stars, before the many updates there were enough tasks to be interesting not daunting. Now there's way too much to do (expansion, airport, ship, upgrades, etc) so that acquiring the needed pieces is near impossible, either have a ton of time to kill or spend $. Every time the...Full Review", "Good time killer. Easy play. Follows in line with most of the other Sim games I have played. A couple of improvements that could be made are: 1) A search function in Global Trade, instead of refreshing and hoping what you are looking for pops up. 2) Being able to add expansion items to the expansion...Full Review", "Could be a great game, but heavily weighted to pressure you into making in-game purchases. Some of the items you need to expand your city are so rare and items usually available suddenly become impossible to come by just when you need them. To conclude only play if you are prepared to spend a lot of...Full Review", "Key aspects of the instructions & information are incorrect resulting in losing what I've spent on it. Even after submitting a rating, repeated requests to rate it get really irritating. One more star removed for that as it is becoming increasingly annoying. Be aware it is structured to encourage mi...Full Review", "Solid game, hate the new city's after lv 25. Also when will we see the other disasters. There are two I think, they allow to hit multiple targets... So cool."], "4 in a row": ["The Graphics are not that great, game play is ok for passing the time. However you can tell when CPU is throwing the game. It's not always alternating turns. It could be better and more challenging. But a game to pass the time it's just OK.", "everytime I win it says I lose. this game is not accurate. dont get it", "Good practice for beginners or experienced players. A.I. from easy level 1 to hard level 10.", "It's fabulous for any age , it's fun and keeps d brain active", "The ads can be annoying but the games is fun and addicting!!", "It started off easy. just don't get a chance and cheating", "Okay when your playing with someone ...rubbish when your playing against the program", "Too many intrusive ads", "How do I play against my friends.", "It's OK but also I like it.", "Era mejor la versi\u00f3n anterior", "Great time filler playing with my son.", "WAY too many ads", "The AI in the puzzles is too hard", "switch places on who goes first", "Very good games lived it!!!!! \ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude09", "Stress relief", "This is a great little game to keep your mind active.", "this game is amazing", "Fantastic app for brain activity", "bot takes to long", "computer is hacking", "time killer", "easy to play. entertainment for hours.", "fabulous game mind blowing \ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04", "Nice...", "Nice game intresting", "Excellent brain stofmer", "A lot of fun", "ok", "Bad", "Love it and more", "easy and fun", "Fun", "it's good", "good", "The best Connect Four game, and I'm pretty sure I tried most of them. The \nmoves it plays feel very natural (no tower stacking every single game), \nthere are no obvious bugs, it offers a range of CPU options (which randomly \nmake sub-optimal moves like a human would), seems well-designed in general,...Full Review", "The management of the game is the worse and even if the player /installer \nwins its declared that he / she is failed, that's the reason I hated this \ngame.", "Good game! However, when you get to higher levels. I think it cheats to \nmake it appear more challenging. What I really liked also was the puzzles. \nI can say solving the puzzles really enhanced my skills at playing.", "Hi, It's a great game and I love to play it multiplayer with my siblings. \nHowever, I would love if this game could be played on two devices using \nbluetooth. Can you provide an update for bluetooth multiplayer."], "Magic Tiles 3": ["Ok. This is a wonderful game. Good time waister. But you the little star missing up at the top? Yeah.... thats because there is a section in the app called the \"album\". Its when they put actual songs into piano. Now i have a fav song on the album, Faded by Alen Walker, and guess what? YA HAVE 2 PAY ...Full Review", "I love the game bc it is easy but whenever I touch a tile it doesn't say I touched it and I lose and I get sad and agrivatted \ud83d\ude12\ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude22\ud83d\ude29\ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude25\ud83d\ude41\ud83d\ude16\ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude25\ud83d\ude2b\ud83d\ude1e\ud83d\ude1f\ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude22\ud83d\ude29\ud83d\ude37\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude20and when playing music make a pause button bc when I need to scratch over concentration I lose bc I I'm always itchy when I'm conc...Full Review", "What I love about this game is that it's so relaxing and the music keeps me calm. And if I'm really bored this game wins the award of great time killer!", "it WAS THE WORST THING I EVER DOWNLOADED! when i try to get in to the game i HAVE to and i mean HAVE to get permisstion! and if i didnt it wouldnt let me play!Its so laggy its not even funny!Whoever created this game ya need to fix it!Untill its fixed im not changing my review!For people who want to...Full Review", "Too many ads, lose in 1 second still need to watch ads. greedy.", "Most recent update made songs out of sync. Game also periodically stutters midway through a track, causing you to fail. Each time you fail and wish to replay, you have to watch an ad, too.", "It is a really fun game but I absolutely hate the fact that the screen keeps freezing and then I fail.The worst part is when I am on a record and the screen freezes.\ud83d\ude2c", "apparently each new tile game just becomes more buggy and unresponsive, just freezing every time or hitting a wrong tile.", "Supurbely coool app...... I like in play the music with this app. Too funny, melodious, and surprising app. Thanks to develop like it to play with it. Thanks again.", "this game is the best i always play it and it deservs 5 stars for the graphics i love it i wish if there will be Magic Tiles 4 it will be the best", "i don't know to play piano but I love to play it this game gave me that experience luv it", "It kept logging me out and when i got a higher score it wouldnt put it and it would log me out.", "It's a great game, but it has WAY TOO MANY ads and that's ruining the whole experience for me", "very great game guys play it you will like it a lot or love it as i say", "not to good at all i dont recomend the oringinal better", "i love with the song time to grow its relaxing remebers me lots of memories i love it \ud83d\ude19", "i love the but i would rate 5 stars but it would be cool to add music to.", "It's the best game I have ever played\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01", "this is trash.. it keeps crashing... i waste my time", "such a fun and addictive game. I love it. just hate the ads", "its adictive and i love the songs and i love the game play and i love it. did i say i love it?", "The worst app Never download", "it is fun because j am the campion in this game", "The game is so awsome for the whole family", "it is very good game i love it", "it is really fun and relaxing I love it", "this app is amazing and I love it", "It,s was excellent.", "I love the musical tune", "this app contains too many adds", "h e l l you 1", "Its cool... i guess", "very bad game", "I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!", "this game is a great time killer....", "I love this game", "Awesome very competitive", "puro ads", "so awesome", "too much adds"], "Barbie Magical Fashion": ["Really good game that my daughter loves. BUT - some bizarre glitch in the game means that the unicorn option doesn't load up properly, and when you try to put colour in its hair, the hair pixelates and you end up with a bald unicorn! I can't see any reason for it and don't want to uninstall and rein...Full Review", "I bought the pack but I'm disappointed in the game set up very very much. Worst of all, Why is there no back button so you can change something? There are also only 2 hair styles that are down? What the hell guys. There's also very few colors, I can understand black I guess but red and no white for ...Full Review", "It is just awesome. I love it and I feel like a princess. And it has voice \ninstructions, instead of those annoying tutorials. But if would be great if \nI cou, d go back and change what I did previously, I mean, if I pick yhe \ndress and be able to go back to the tiaras to modify them", "It is amazing. The worst thing about the game is that you have to pay to get the best things. But I suppose its still pretty good. Oh also I was meant to say the good stuff is locked so you don't have to pay so sorry for people reading this but yeah sorry. PS great game.", "I love this game! My little sister loves it to. But the thing is my sister wants to unlock the unicorn and the mermaid and that stuff but I can't though. I just wish that its free to buy but the rest I LOVE IT AND SO DOES MY SISTER!!! Good game to play. Its okay to let them play parents, let the pla...Full Review", "This is the worst game I had ever played. It is not fun at all if you want to get fun you have to pay for things and buy them and then also you will not get that much fun which we want to get from again it is totally stupid game and it has a number of ads which disturb us when we are decorating a Ba...Full Review", "When i was little i use to play this game and now when i found i was so \nhappy to find it. I like this game because u can unlock new charecters and \nnew thing as well. Thank you for the person who made this game. And keep on \nthe good work . Thank you kind regards", "My daughter actually loves this game but I paid for the mermaid pack, that didn't work properly, then paid for the full version. It worked for a bit and now it shows up in my order history but in the actual app we don't have anything. Not happy at all. :(", "The game is great, but I've been trying to purchase the other game packs like the Mermaid and Fairy, whenever i verify my payment it goes through saying \"payment successful\" and then \"purchase failed\". Did you just take my money without giving me the games? Please respond so i can understand whats g...Full Review", "Best App for Girls... All who r saying this app is boring are really mad.. first thing give this to Ur daughters to play with this Barbie Fashion App they will love it... Nd by born itself girls love this kind of barbie and Fashionable things to play with...", "First it shows that we can take up any dress but now when I downloaded it then it is saying to buy them. Bad game don't even download it please.", "Well it's simply amazing. This game is fun I just think every thing should be free because, little kids (like me\u263a)want to get the full game.Or...make almost all of it free.", "I liked the game but most of the good stuff was locked. I WAS LOOKING FORWARD TO BEING A MERMAID!!!!! And the worst part was you couldn't even get backgrounds for free. I mean, come on!!! But all an all it was pretty good.\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00", "The only problem on this game is... their so many locks that you cant enjoy the game anymore because the mermaid is locked the fairy is locked only the human is unlocked so yeah but its still 5 stars but i wish you guys can update it and unlocked all.", "Pleas never install it because its first show the icons that choose any one cloth shoes tiyaras  for you but things are just not love are they ask you money to unlock the things so please do not install that all .\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20 edel wenk  you are right we want to try all the things.", "It is a good game but then, at a point where they had shown the pics to choose any dress that is not true cuz u get gifts from the girls only if u have bought the pack or else u just have to use the 4 or 5 dresses u get so it is a GUD game but only thing u have to make the purchases free or just add...Full Review", "I use to have this game when I was younger and I loved it but now it is even more the only thing that I'd change is instead of having to pay for the new levels and stuff why don't you grade people's work and if it is really good they can unlock new levels and accessories", "This is so bad game ever I seen. This game app BUDGE will be purchased. If you not you will not play the game's half level. The pictures of this game is all fake. Don't waste your time and net for this *** game and this app's all games are bad. \ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4a\ud83d\udc4a\ud83d\udc4a", "This game is very worst we have to purchase things which I don't like my \ndaughter loves to play it but when he ask me sorry sorry when she asked me \nthat dad can I purchase this things how can I say no but it was too head up \ngame", "i love it but i am a kid and my  mom can not spend muny on this game and evre thing is loct.it will be so amazing if all the things that are loct that that they can be free.", "I am having one request please plz plz plz plz plz plz plz make cooking \ngames of barbie . I love this game tooooooo much but now I want to open \nanother magical things like dress unicorn fairy princess super hero \nprincess marmaind princess shoes dresses and another things but I am not \nhaving acco...Full Review", "My 4 year old daughter loves this. 4.99 seems pricey to add on the each \ndifferent package (mermaid, fairy etc.) in my opinion.", "Pls don't waste ur time doing work at home pls play this game if ur feeling bored.... This is that easy and simple. My time pass...", "Well I like the game but  can you just let the money go like I can't get that kind of money I'm so sorry but this may get a lower people I beg you I'm so not happy with this cause I can't a mermaid,superhero or a fairy", "This game is very foolish even if I press the arrow to go ahead it hangs and we can only dress her up once.", "U should unlock atleast the horse or fairy or the mermaid as just designing \nwith same patterns and design is very very boring.....i really didn't hate \nor like it...try to do something interesting", "Et tycker att det \u00e4r ett fantastiskt soill d\u00e4r du kan l\u00e4ra det om din ekonomi og f\u00e5 utbildning og ett socialt bra spill", "It's so pretty and me Alexa and my brother jacob love it and we also love magic but we each only have two packs and I have the mermaid pack and fairy pack and he has the two other packs", "This app has all that other games have . \u2639\ufe0f It should have something new and unique in race of others . However not that much nice but OK . \ud83d\ude15\ud83d\ude15\ud83d\udc4e", "Your game is way too stupid you want money for packs huh, \ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude20 this game is \na headache like you wanting money for mermaid and fairy and other packs \ntotally stupid\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude20", "OK this game was good and I wish that I could of put 5 stars but I couldn't \nbecause the ones that are good you have to pay for so maybe you could make \nsure that you don't have to pay for the extra ones", "And there's a unicorn one you can get by you have to buy a lot of it and \nit's stupid that you can't just get all of it in one and they won't even \nlet you have all of it", "The controls were not working and the color I picked was not responding and \nif you don't want me to delete fix all the problems and make sure the kid \nhave fun god bless you and your kids\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude24\ud83e\udd13\ud83e\udd13\ud83e\udd13\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "This app is very bad because in the blood in the background every is blocked in the necklace that beautiful polish broke we don't get a chance to make a mermaid and we don't get a chance to design a very we don't get a chance to design a pony", "Good and beautiful game there are gifts in gift boxes but not all of the \nlevels are opened that is why I giving you 4 stars.im of age 12.good game", "This is a very nice app for children loved it only one problem that we have \nto give money and install locked things.....overall its a good app", "I hate this game this is so boring why don't they just give you all the \ncharacters free it's a waste of data", "I think that this is a beautiful gamer, but maybe on an update, could they \nmake it so you can change the hair colours, and noy the streaks?", "YOU CAN ONLY BE ONE STUPID FREAKING PERSON I FREAKING HATE THIS FREAKING \nGAME IT'S SO FREAKING TERRIBLE SO FREAK YALL", "You need to make every thing free because some kids don't know how to put money on a phone"], "Perfect Piano": ["I don't know if other piano apps are like this as well, but with this one there is a distinct delay between pressing the keys and hearing the sound. A delay that is even more noticable when you try and time your presses with the metronome just for all the sounds to not line up. is there an option to...Full Review", "I have the option to play without giving access to read and write my files, but a pop up is constantly appearing in the middle of my screen telling me Perfect Piano needs access to my files. The message is hovering over the keys I'm trying to look at. uninstall", "Why do you need permission to read and write my personal details? How my personal details and account gonna help your game!? Explain this to me! Well, game doesn't work if I don't allow you my details.... Well you will have to get someone else's details!", "This would really help people who don't have a piano (or keyboard) at the presence, and wants to play it. I understand people are saying it's boring but, it's a piano which isn't meant to mean \"it's a game\". Overall: Highly Recommended \u263a", "Perhaps the best sounding piano app I've come across. The plug-in samples sound authentic, I especially like the violin sample. I am definitely going to purchase VIP. In fact, I will do it right now.", "people are saying it's boring. um hello? it's a piano. not a game.", "hello,,,Admin......!!! Really u r great........ Harry up........ ur app perfect piano so nice and great job.. if possible,,,,, plzz add loop system and automatic play left hand bass effect sound.", "It's very useful for me.Love it. Can you add more chords container in chord mode? It includes only 8 space. For some songs, it needs more chords, you know. \ud83d\ude01", "The sound quality is good. the best part is you can adjust the number of keys on the screen. the sound though is a little delayed which is noticable when playing a little fast. very good for kids.", "It's really good because we're travelling Australia in a caravan because there would be no space for a piano there's a type of YouTube where you can learn piano songs I learnt the Harry Potter theme song in like only a week it even teaches you the notes.", "this game is not boring its great now i learned how to play for elise and it has many more its even has multiplayer its not boring you just a hater that doesnt like piano \ud83d\ude21", "pls pls. this updates are terrible. we miss the old sounds. pls get back the verry old Acoustic and the first Grand HQ options PLS developers", "its amazing but it would be better if it had a tutorial instead of pausing every single time to see what's the next note.", "please add more beautiful instruments like dulcimer,veena,chord pad,upright pianos,piano with strings", "Devs pls help, my sustain pedal makes cracking sound whenever I use it, dont know about anyone else out there but i might be one of a few that experience this or am i the only one hahahha ( Alone again) , i was sooo Glad when i saw a new update and i thought that if I update my app, that cracking no...Full Review", "Awesome piano. Nice free tutorials. One of the coolest (hidden?) features is the support of MIDI controllers. So basically you can hook up a usb MIDI keyboard controller to the phone via an OTG adapter and play!", "I found it fun. I am a beginner but was able to play some songs with practice.\ud83d\ude00", "there's a huge delay between when you press the button and when it sounds", "this app is very good.I love this app and my 3year old baby also love it.\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0b", "Just an amazing app i love keyboard on playing but i didn't know to play this app gives alot training", "can you please fix the bug of multi cloning of rooms and the delay of the key", "Terrible to play on Samsung s6 Edge. Can't press the keys closer to the edge.", "this is a best aap ever for learning how to play piano you can also download ur favourite songs .....nice aap", "I love doing the tutorials on my real piano. this app is awesome! \ud83e\udd13", "Plz don't miss this app it is very easy to play piano", "I don't have a piano at home, though, I practice in school and this app has helped me practice on weekends for my concert.", "very fun. even for those who can't actually play... like me.... yet....", "Crackling sound on Galaxy S9+", "can't play without allowing the app to access your files, media", "It's the Perfect Piano really\ud83c\udfb9\ud83c\udfb9... Have a great interface, never working slow... I'm very like this App and this graphic... Congratulations \ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f", "adverts pop up when playing", "excellent guy who has made this wonderful app", "better than others \ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4d", "not good not so bad", "nice app very useful", "great experience! recommend =)", "It is very nice to see", "best app for pianos LEANENERS", "This is a good virtual keyboard. I like it.", "good, i am loving it"], "DC Legends: Battle for Justice": ["Originally, I rated this game 5 stars, but ever since I had to replace my phone it hasn't worked at all. It will go to the startup screen, then give me an error message. I have tried uninstalling then reinstalling at least 4 times, but nothing changes. If the devs could help me out, I'd probably jum...Full Review", "This is an honest review. I have just recently started playing and so far really do enjoy this game.  I love the fact that I can collect all my favorite DC heroes and power/lvl them up.  However, the more I have played the more I have come to see that this may be just a complete cash grab. A game wh...Full Review", "Changed from 5 stars to 1 because every time I go to fight in events, campaign, pvp, or RED it goes out of sync and does not give back the energy spent. I cleared my cache and data, plus reinstalled it 4 times now. It used to be a great game. Now it's a waste of space. I hope that this problem is fi...Full Review", "this is easily a 5 star app for and super hero fan. great game play, fun features, and many different ways to advance in the game. The issue I have is isolated to the alliance feature. I can't search for an alliance and when I create my own there is no way to \"recruit\" other players to my alliance. ...Full Review", "changed from 5 to 3 stars. been having bad experiences within the community and the deals in the store and events are just very underwhelming. it has been turning into a cash grab. no new campaign events, no legendary events which is still locked for over two years now. love the game but keep gettin...Full Review", "been playing bout a year. something happened and they accused me of cheating. how do u cheat on a app? they reset my account instead of looking. I don't just play for free I spend money with this app to support it especially when they have a special. I figured they would look and see I spend and it ...Full Review", "This game is awesome and my absolute favorite game. I have a few character suggestions you should add. Mister Freeze, Bumblebee, AquaLad, Trigon, Batwoman, Diablo from Suicide Squad, Green Lantern Kyle Rayner, Conner Kent, Blackfire, Victor Zsasz, Big Barda, Mad Hatter, Darkseid, Green Lantern Guy G...Full Review", "Error Hi, I play the game for a while, but now I can't run the game. When the loading screen appear after some seconds it goes dark over and over again. I already re-installed the game, actually I did 3 times, but nothing has changed. Anything advice?", "pay to win. And even if you do pay to win you're talking about paying like \u00a3500 or something to guarantee a decent character as you get to a point in the game think it's like chapter 8? where you literally have no chance of beating the opponents as they use deathstroke and raven both are ridiculousl...Full Review", "I took away 2 stars because of Beast Boy. Whose bright idea was to give hi, the ability to heal completely after he goes into red on his health bar, effectively making him immortal? I fought him with a team that was ranked 9,000, while his team was 6900. I gave up 45 minutes into the fight because h...Full Review", "I like the game but the developers are garbage. I switched from iOS to android and apparently they are the only app developers in the world that have no option to move between the 2. I had absolutely no problem with all my other apps and I do mean ALL. Also they won't just u lock the Characters I ha...Full Review", "Game is fun. A few bugs since installing on Pixel XL 3 (i.e. can not pull up exit menu, side acrolling on live events doesnt work). Red Alert battles are pointless, wish they would remove.", "i was planning on returning to this game as my new phone has more available space on it. but since downloading, the game refuses to load, i have followed all the suggested troubleshooting steps and have contacted support with no response", "Finished all modes ,maxed out most characters ,now sitting twiddling my thumbs for the last year and a half waiting for new content. New story campaigns? Alliance Raids? Alliance Wars? Legendary Events? It's been 2 years developers. Please start developing .", "It is addictive but you looses progress a Lot due to bugs and that sucks if you pay to get far in the game and spend money the customer service also sucks they rarely respond and or help or refund for these losses. And i rate them bad for that ...Change it if they change.", "fun, addicting, too damn expensive. I just spent 200 gems and got nothing. 200 gems for arena energy. again. this game is already too expensive and they make sure you usually get minimal drops for anything. so it really pisses me off that I buy something and they won't even give me what I bought. bu...Full Review", "I really enjoy this game. I love the fact that I can build teams with all of my favorite characters. Yes it does speed game play up to pay but the grind is not that bad. I prefer this game to the marvel version but I am a DC fan boy so take my word with that in mind.", "it's a fun game, the prices for the gem characters tends to be a little steep but they do give out gems through log ins so that could be something to at least lower a little. One big thing that would change my score to 5 stars would be making the energy layer when leveling up, because if you have fu...Full Review", "its a good fun game but the out of sync bug that restarts the game for no reason at all needs fixing. makers should add trading too so you can trade things with friends and team mates", "Due to the game crashing in almost every battle I rated gameplay poorly, however if you can fix this issue ill fix my rating to 5 stars. Im trying to farm time sensitive events but as soon as the battle begins or almost as soon as it ends the game will crash and ill have to try to do it over and cha...Full Review", "The game keep prompting \"we are unable to download the important data and are unable to continue\" (even though the wifi connection is in full bar) and we will have to restart the game after the error message. It is irritating. Please fix this bug.", "Used to be a great game but now plagued with buggy characters, random crashes and 'out of sync errors ' all of which waste game energy and impacts playability. Contact to devs is ignored more often than replied to & game updates cause more issues than they solve. New gameplay features are needed but...Full Review", "new development, this company will literally RIP you off. they dis a special pvp event and then a bug was crashing the pvp arena and prevented some players from advancing in rank. when I told them that I'm missing another 170, they said \"there's nothing we can do and we are closing your ticket\". poo...Full Review", "\ud83d\ude21I do still like the game, but changing my rating 1 star because I can't play anymor. Whenever I open the game it's saying that it's out of synch I've uninstalled it & reinstalling. Even tried turning my phone off & on again(BBT referenc) if you can help with this I'll appreciated. I was making a l...Full Review", "DC Legends is an awesome turn based fighting style RPG. It has many DC Comic characters to choose from to create a team and excel to end game heights. I personally would have given it 5 stars, but there is no Azrael. I would like to see Azrael, another Catwoman version, Hawk, Dove, Blue Lantern, Bla...Full Review", "UPDATE: I change my rating from 5 to 2 stars since there isn't a day this game operates smoothly without some errors (cannot log in) etc. There were already a lot of complaints from other players. I won't change my rating back before the devs fix this. I grew up with superheroes, so yeah, it's impos...Full Review", "Can't even get into the game to submit a problem. As soon as device starts to load config data, app tells me to restart. That's with any sort of internet connection. Attempted an uninstall/install to no success. Device is a Samsung S8.", "Great gameplay but it takes too much time to load than previous version and make the game unplayable....please make it fix and please SUPERMAN must be the most powerful character. 2 stars for loading problem.", "IF I COULD GIVE THIS APP A 0 (ZERO) I WOULD. DONT GET THIS APP AND SPEND ANY MONEY. WILL TAKE IT AND GIVE YOU NOTHING. TERRIBLE GAME PLAY THAT CRASHES AND MAKES YOU LOSE ALL REWARDS. ESPECIALLY IN RED ALERT. NO REFUND OR REPLACEMENT. WASTE OF AN APP. DOWNLOADING MARVEL FUTURE FIGHT.", "Good game. need to make it easier to join alliance. Maybe allow more then one request or allow more than 1 person to accept. Ive waited weeks to join. But cant find allance with actuve members. will raise rating when this is improved", "the game restarts it self and cant log in. l was playing the game for more than a year. but, this issue came today. it cant be a issue with my phone coz i was playing this game for so long with this phone. Please look in to this. Thank you.", "I've been playing this game for 2 years and lately, the developers have made some rare characters available to the public and some other possitive changes. There's still the material and ring bottleneck, but the game is in the best state it has been for years.", "After playing almost every day for almost two years, they accused me of somehow having rigged software when I get all my updates from Google Play. They took away my event prize and accused me of cheating. They also lowered my pvp rank to the lowest level. I followed procedures to contest, followed u...Full Review", "This is a very fun strategy game with beautiful graphics. Could use some new content as it's been over a year. But it's great! The creators listen and help with any concerns when they can!", "Characters are overpowered in Heroic, Red Alerts, Campaign Mode. Alliance mode is ridiculously hard to join, pending requests, inactive teams. The devs make you or should I say choose which characters are available to get. Why not add more characters; Mr. Freeze, The Joker, Harley Quinn the one from...Full Review", "I have been playing for a couple months and apparently Superman is a punk and Shazam is the strongest character in the game....lmfao You can tell they know absolutely nothing about the comic books they were contracted to get money and that's all the game is good for because you can only play to a ce...Full Review", "Great game, considering I've been a fan of strategy games, however, as good as the latest update was, it also slowed the game down, added an annoying loading screen per page, and brought on an annoying server issue. With respect to consumables, allow players the chance to progress further in the gam...Full Review", "Would have given this more stars but for the fact been playing it for several years and been accused of cheating, probably by some unhappy player I beat in PvP and developers not checking my game account or history before accusing me!!", "not working in fullscreen mode, even after yesterday's update. Whenever I try to open it it always asks me to restart, thought it doesnt work. Anyone out there with same issues?", "Repetitive, but I enjoy it.. Heck, I have all the available characters in the game though only 4 are at 4star Legendary right now, including my baby girl ZATANNA"], "Skillz - Logic Brain Games": ["The games are fun and challenging and some are better than others. Convenient because the games are short. I was bummed when I ran out of levels. Multiplayer is fun, auto pick can take FOREVER to give you a game and sometimes the room just closes during a game. The random multiplayer level seems to ...Full Review", "it has nothing to do with logic. It's all speed. logic is not about speed, but it IS about thinking. don't mix them up. when playing you have about 10 sec.for everything and if you don't succeed in that time then you don't just go back, you go to the very beginning of the level and it doesn't matter...Full Review", "Needs more levels, Im on level 255 and havnt gotten an update in weeks also levels like 68,122,181 and 153 do not work after you begin playing. Please fix the problem level errors and add levels more often. I will then give a better review thank you!", "WOW WHAT A GAME, I HAVE BAD MEMORY PROBLEMS AND THIS GAME IS HELPING ME. CAN'T BELIEVE HOPE AWESOME IT IS. IF YOU WANNA CHALLENGE OR IF YOU HAVE MEMORY PROBLEMS LIKE I DO THIS GAMES FOR YOU FOR SURE. I LOVE A GREAT CHALLENGE AND I LOVE TRYING TO MAKE MY BRAIN WORK AGAIN. THANKS GOODNESS THAT THEY HA...Full Review", "This app is a blast! Very strategic. keeps you in your toes. You will be very eager to see what the next round holds. i am addicted and i downloaded this app two days ago. I am going to let my 9 year old play to increase his sharpness", "I haven't been playing for very long, however going into it so far, not only is it sinple to use but also the adds do not overwhelm you. It's a good app and because they give it to you free and not try and choke you with adds I give it a five.", "Ads.... anyone? I won't play this for long, but some fun brain teasers. if it wasn't so disruptive, or perhaps when you succeed, you get to bypass the ads. However, you are equally punished for success as well as failure. Lol, a little irony there with our political and current circumstance with our...Full Review", "ok, it's a really fun game. and definitely challenging. the issue, like many games, is the interruptive advertising. the further you progress, the worse it gets. smart people don't like to get played. if there was this much advertising early, I'd have quit immediately. I'm not getting lured in to pu...Full Review", "trying to earn brains by watching the ads, I watch them for thirty seconds, try to exit out afterwards and keep getting frustrating error message EVERY, SINGLE, TIME! Great game but that is annoying to no end! \"The Ad Video could not be loaded. Try again later.\"", "Super addictive. It really allows you to enhance your attention and focus. It appears to be super easy but there are some challenges that we really don't even notice in our day to day. Love this game!!!!", "Best memory games so far!. Similar are repeated and a few instruction English mistakes but it works. We loved it! Definitely recommend it. To avoid commercials turn internet off.", "It's not only entertaining, but also eye-opening. You learn what your strengths and weaknesses are. Pay close attention to instructions and you should be fine.", "this game really challenges the brain if thats the kind of game your looking for big thumbs up. highly suggest. wish there wasnt ads though but not as much ads on this game as the others ive played.", "love this game, levels all different, some easy, some challenging. only annoying thing is level 77 isn't working properly for me, not registering my taps.", "Great game. Only just downloaded it, tried for a few minutes and got hooked up straight away!", "WAY too many ads. I get it, that's how you make money and give the app for free...but come on. It makes the app not any fun.", "It forces wrong answers that you dont even select to push you to watch their ads... Disgusting", "Fun, easy to use. I like the different exercises and progresssing through the levels. It does have ads but have been easy to mute/quick to skip past.", "I like the game itself but to need 90 brains to skip a round is excessive and you only get 1 to 3 to watch an ad, not worth it to me. Uninstalling.", "Yoh \ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude09first off all i like this game really its fun and Im enjoying myself me an my friends top game this the experience for the first time was epic and brillaint", "dude I just tried so hard to get past one level and it wasn't annoying the thing I was annoyed about was that I couldn't get it down", "Fun and entertaining to play. Not to mention the training and getting the brain to do more than just fill up the space inside the skull. LoL!", "Tapping a square multiple times was never registered. Played the same game again and the same problem with the same number 24. Waste of time.", "it's a two in one while you're relaxing you're also able to learn a lot (so you learn while relaxing) and the challenges are really reasonable did I mention enjoyable? :) apart from the pop up ads the game is worth every megabyte you'll use to install it", "It's a fun way to kick your brain into gear every morning, you unlock levels based on your score not your wallet. Challenging, encouraging, I'm really liking this game!", "its a fantastic game! A mind refresher. Everytime i feel lazy i play this and truly it makes my mind active. Yes it works\u2661\ud83d\ude09", "I can't get enuff of this game!! Always waiting for updates so I can get more levels. Great variety of addictive brain games, A MUST!!!", "Thinking of a way to play a game and improve your brains? Well, if you pass each stage, you get to know how much \"brains\" you have. Fantastic! Love you guys for how you managed the ads too.", "FAST! It's fun and easy - but better pay attention! The game seems to help with focus & attention, & might be useful for improving processing speed, as well.", "Great game to play . keeps your brain exercised and I had alot of fun playing it. Alot of different challenges that are fun to play. Great response time on giving answers and everything is explained well before you play.", "Quite great! Just found a lot of ads which sweeps away all the concentration...Skillz performs an incredible brain gym!\ud83d\ude00", "i am totally addicted. i think i like this app. its mind boggling and good brain exercise. gotta get back to game.", "disaster. the game is not correct - on the stage where you need to put the cards from the light to dark. DISASTER", "it really sux,no useful instruction.even though im 56 theres no logic at all u dumb shites.", "It is fun and a great time killer. The first levels start out extremely easy but they build on difficulty. I would recommend this game.", "well, i loved it. but those who are short tempered shpuld not play such games", "Luv this app!!! Was very bored, found app by mistake....not bored anymore!", "IT IS WONDERFULL WHILE PLAYING THIS GAME WE HAVE MUCH MORE GOT TO LEARN", "take away or allow the timing feature to be an optional feature. give me a $##* break and have the memory colored cards fewer to allow me to practice and exercise my mind better. i deleted the app.", "i cant rede tu good but i like tha prittv colurs"], "Hello Neighbor": ["The game refuses to load if you don't grant permission to your contacts and images. it literally has seizures and stalls my phone out. Less than a week old Samsung Galaxy Note9.", "The gameplay for my galaxy s8 plus was not laggy at all, but did experience unresponsive movement for my character (such as my character would move left and right when wanting to go forward when holding thumb down but its seem like a easy fix.) Needs graphic improvements or options for the user to c...Full Review", "So i was at my friend's house and her brother was playing this game. i wanted to download it so i did. i have an LG g7 thinq and its installed. but when i open it, the loading symbol blinks and dosen't do anything. why won't it work? i have enough space on my phone too.", "I'm really happy to finally be able to play hello neighbor on mobile. The game is really funand the puzzles are extremely tricky but the graphics can be improved and it's a little bit glitchy", "The game super awesome I have played it very that I missed lunch breakfast and dinner and I also tell my mom I'm not hungry just to continue playing the game I recommend people to play your game you genius people (Tiny Build and Dynamic Pixels) #BestGameDevelovers", "you can not play this game on most device.s you need make it available to lot more people your loseing out on 10 thousands i have 12 device.s in my home from android 6.0 to 9.0 and this will only work on 2 off them sort it out what people are telling you", "I'm trying to use a Steelseries Stratus XL gaming controller, most controls work but for some reason it won't let me pick up items. Can you please fix this this? Otherwise it is of course an outstanding game, and that is my only issue with the overall quality and entertaining values.", "Hello , Hello Neighbor DEVS , you've probably been asked this a thousand times or more since this Apps been out. PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, ADD GAMEPAD SUPPORT for this game. Truthfully it's not that Hard ,Part of it's already there just wrote the code add gamepad options in the settings and setup ...Full Review", "games is good but controls do not respond 100%. Also in my opinion it should have a option to control resolution for different phone as for mine i have the razor phone 2 and game run fine just resolution could be better.", "i didn't find it appealing coz i not know how to go up ladder tell me if u know how to but I also wish u not need to buy full game but plz tell if u know", "hello neighbour dont work in my mobile vivo y71 32gb model after opening it shows a photo and then hello neighbour becomes cloase whats the problem tell me in my gmail", "thres a huge bug which makes the game only a space consuming trash.You cannot pick up anything except a few ne box in the starting.Please fix it tinybuilds", "i expected better from a company like tinybuild it is impossible to simply get in the house with these terrible controls and constant lag spikes and don't forget the ads. just because your controls are terrible and your game is unoptimised doesn't mean you can force an ad onto my screen each time i ...Full Review", "keep glitching out.. flashing clock not loading properly kinda frustrating..I have Samsung 8. hope it works next time. please fix.", "says my device is not supported in result i have 240p quality and cant play i am running latest android version please fix because i love this game if you can fix i will give 5 stars", "Great Game but I can't pick up Items for some reason. I'm not using any controller just the phone itself. Would love to know how to fix it.", "It won't even let me play please fix that but I will give you one star maybe when to fix it I'll give you 5", "my device (huawei p9 plus) is not supported which actually sucks and makes the game much harder and even the throwing is not breaking anything like the windows. and Im unable to pass act 3 because I'm unable to throw the binoculars on the button to get the red key", "You cant get past the first level without the game glitching on the elevator part, when you reach the window you get caught by the neighbor so you cant get past the level", "Its awesome but im scared to go in to the house im in act 3 but i unlocked the basement and i dont know what to do in basement shadow guy always capture me", "nice good game but air plain needs to be fixed it keeps going side to side instead of going straight", "i can not take take the plank from the toy in act 2 please help me in doing anything", "i waited so long for this game to install to figure out that it doesnt work! fix this right now!!", "i really like this game in all its ways but i would like to see more advanced graphic customizations for all devices but still a beautiful game and storyline!", "For controller support mobile gamers (like me), i noticed there is no control to pick up any object pls fix that", "Game crashes too often, glitches were dumped all over.", "works great on the pixel 2 some glitches like the neighbor walking into walls for a while still cant complain \ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffc", "i play this game and this game was open and seen this the downloading faild becouse you not purcheased this app. and i am diract download to play store and open and he was seen this plz help how can i do", "I love this Game on PC but in mobile has bad resolution like 240p please fix it do I can Rate 5 Stars", "The game was good but I can barely see the pixels from the screen, but still its gud uwu.", "im happy it came out I used to watch play people play it on YouTube but now I can", "it is so fun finding out things from the neighbor you should play i loooooved it i have it on phone and xbox", "works fine on my Galaxy S8. overall great game and story. I couldn't get past any levels without youtube tutorials tho xD", "game is grate works fine on some devices the grafics are a bit wors. if you like hello neighbor on PC you will like on mobile. i give a four cous of the grafics and some phisics.", "sound not improved please fix it otherwise game was awosame", "its a good game but i cant pick anything up and i cant get on the roof but thats all 2 stars!!!", "this game is a mystery and horror types game Please support the game and download us", "Horrible expecially in the red room Dont download it Please", "It's hard to play bad graphics,controls,and it glitch", "why not working on every phone but nice game"], "Basketball Battle": ["Its a money grab game. Ads literally everywhere. Theres ads before, during, and after game. Each game only lasts roughly 2 minutes tops too. And you can really only progress by spending the premium currency. Want to upgrade a single stat of your players? You can either spend premium currency for an ...Full Review", "I love it and in named my players MICHAEL JORDAN AND DENNIS RODMAN I LOVE IT oh an by the way can you guys pls take the women's out I don't like playing with them and you guys should add a online mode it would be dope because playing vs computer is kind of boring because you don't really know if you...Full Review", "I love how the game refills your energy after you make a shot. The only thing I don't like is that you have to tip the ball off after every shot made.", "i got 61 wins and 9 losses and im only level 10 download if you want to go aginst me and lose suckers my name is L.A. Lakers", "too much adds not a good game to play if u want to have fun its all about us watching so they could get money every 20 sec", "its great i never played this good of a game but u should make a soccer baseball and foot ball game ir will be awesom i hope u can see this.", "Great updates to the various court backgrounds (small things make a big difference) Only thing is I can't update my players to their max?", "Awesome!!! besides the graphics which sucks like a dumpster filled trash filled with rotten food and cow poop that smell also like skunk spray mix together", "Come out with another one and make it bettdr I like basketball battle.But just make a baasketball battle 2,3,4, kEEP UP THE GOOD WORK", "you should ad a pvp so you can play with your friand becuse on computer it dose not work but it is a fintastick game :D", "xbxnnensnsnenensennsnsjjdndndnd to bed at you and I will see if we could have the time and place and I will get it on my brother is coming over I will have the time and place and I will get it on my brother is coneejje2wk22ekkekekeekekee\u00e8ee3jdndndnndndndndndndnsnsnssnnsnsnnsnsndmdmsmsnndnsming over ...Full Review", "so much freakin fun ,and really good art you can get super rare stuff in just your daily bag.", "Really good graphics and controls. also few minor bugs that you won't really notice. also fun and addicting.", "Great game. Might be getting ahead of myself but if there were badges in this game that would be a 5 star.", "the only thang i dont like is losose to much the you have to by somthing or re- donelowd.", "I like it, the only issue is i dont like how you have to be a sertin level to play a match", "i loved it, it was like big head basketball but in that game they had real players by the way lets go warriors", "I was getting bored of my other games but when I found this one it became my favorite", "Too much ads! Uninstalled 'cause ads are too freaking annoying. It feels like you forces us to click ads everytime.", "this game you'se to be trash. but since they made this new update its fire, awesome,and exciting. so this game is a 5 star game", "its ok but I feel like it could be better adding dribble moves and more animations for movement as far as a layup package or dunkpackage", "its a very good game i love bc i love basketball but if u dont like it u first have to get the hang of it then u will love just like me", "i had this game before and it was really good so im just looking forward to playing it again im ready!! \ud83d\ude0f\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0c\ud83d\ude04", "This game is so amazing. But you should have Nba logos just with funny writing that would fit e. g LA Lackers", "I've had no problems with the game. it's fun,challenging, competitive and at times can really give you an adrenaline rush. it's a goofy take on basketball which makes the game fun and arcade. I LOVE IT", "this game is the best whenever u get bored just hope on here for fun.i think everyone should play this game", "No depth to the game at all, becomes repetitive after only 20 minutes of play", "lost a lot of games because of glitching. this game could be fun", "i think it is realy good but the fact that you have to wait for a sertain match is not good. the is why i put 4 stars", "It is awesome just a little lag, but in all great game!", "you ug ghgghfbhg to it got a little I I understand I have been trying to call you but I have to get my TV and when I could've been there for us \ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude2d up the good \ud83d\ude14\ud83d\ude05\ud83d\ude14\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude14\ud83d\ude14\ud83d\ude14\ud83d\ude14\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude14\ud83d\ude14\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude14\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude14\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude14", "don't work something is wrong can you please fix it", "love this game, it is definitely one of the best basketball game I have evered played", "This is a very very good game you should absolutely get it !", "I love this game because it help you if you want to be a basketball player", "this game is pretty cool but an online mode can make this game better.", "This game changed my life! I was looking for a really good game to play for so long and now I finally found it! You have to at least try this game!", "good game. reminds me of double dribble kind of. lol", "its really fun t play and its very cool for basket ball", "This game is the best because I Got 60 point s"], "Cat Runner: Decorate Home": ["Ranking is not accurate i run for 16m score supposed to be first in the over all but was not listed, i played long hours i watched all the ads and just wasted time! Lame game my ign is iQue. Going to un install this. To all who could read this the game will just make profit out of you and just waste...Full Review", "I would click on the app and it would go to the screen with the cat and the yellow line would load all the way but I waited 15 minutes to see if it would change screen but it never did", "it was do good it didn't glich or anything. and i loved so much it like im the cat iand i just loveeeee it so much!!! but please make a nother one of this game a different one like with other animal's.", "I love this app but I didn't now how to unlock study room please help me I am siddhant in this game", "this didnt work for the kids at all. it didnt load and it was on the homescreen", "fun gor my 5 year old. its an interesting wst gir him at leisure", "it's really awesome.. I'm really luved it... ND I addicted vth this game... I loved ittttttt so muchhhhh", "it is an exciting fun game also creative and you have to get money by Pauline", "I love this game but there are so many ads it is anoing.", "it really is a great game to play I love it and my kids do to", "app is nice but only advertisement so time weste.dont download this app", "my little boy likes this game", "i loove it. it is my favorite game", "too much advertising. otherwise perfect", "good just started playing it", "is everyone waiting for the study room?", "great game very addictive lol", "plz update study room", "very good game", "So excited....!!.", "v long adverts", "chal hi nahi ri", "assom game", "great game \ud83d\ude01", "very good", "ok niced", "very goodgame", "I \ud83d\ude0d the game", "gd", "it is asome", "love this game", "good game", "super", "haha", "Good game", "Bad", "abhishek", "sweet game!", "very good game fun", "tt"], "Brain Games Kids": ["The game are great but the ads are terrible. There is a commercial after every game and some games are played in under a minute. My 4 year old loves the games and I think they do a good job challenging him to think and remember, but I won't let him play often due to the ads. I would even pay for an ...Full Review", "I like the different visual processing challenges. It has figure ground, visual pursuits, and visual closure to name a few. This is a good app to help kids develop these skills. It will be in my back pocket as an OTA.", "Horrible full-screen add spam that it's not fitting for the marketed age group. No settings to dissable sound, memory game flips cards over quickly after the second card got turned considering the '3+' difficulty was selected. No instructions on the games.", "This game is very good ,but please write the instructions when we play any game because I can't understand it. Please do something with it or else i will not have any fun. Please do it fast.", "Not only do my kids love but do too lol. It has 3 different levels according to age. The best part is that it doesn't have a bunch of ads.", "It is very nice game this game is liked by my father my brother as well as me this games shop my brain to learn more and more things I like this game very much I hope you also play this game and you will also get time to spend with your family and I sure I am sure that all will play this game with y...Full Review", "It's a very good game. It helps me to make my mind sharp and be positive. The best thing is that we can choose the difficulty according to our age.", "very good. games stupidity bad game bad courty skinny words?", "This is very hard and fast I don't recommend it for the people which need \ntime to figure out answers this game also is addicted to advertisment", "wonderful game. the best game in the world that I have played ever. I can believe that this type of game is present in this world. I can't tell in my wording that how much good is this game. \ud83c\udfa9 \ud83d\ude01 \ud83d\udc55\ud83d\udc4dGreat! \ud83d\udc56", "When my grandson gets bored with one game, we switch to another. We both enjoy playing.", "My four year old loves doing these games!! And I am happy she is learning.", "amazing game of the year its the most greatest and cool game more than anything i love to play this every time it's also an knowledge game for small children \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "Like the variety of games, but couldn't figure out how to play all of them. More instructions would be helpful.", "A useful app for kids to start with learning through games to concentrate, to use logical skills and train the brain to remember how to....", "It is very nice game because there are many things I mean to say that game", "i like it but can you upgrade this game as more difficult means the level of 18 + age .. and also more types of games in this game . \ud83d\ude43", "It's hard use your brain", "So far it's been engaging and fun for me & my family. Would recommend it.", "I like it but it has very little games", "This game has been going nice so far , all it needs is instructions as because it is difficult for me to understand game at times .", "well it's not so perfect but it's not boring so I love it its good for children but there should be some more things to play .", "awesome you know what this is the best brain game ever I have been played , but guys you should know about it that it's for just children under 10 years\ud83d\ude18", "my daughter and I sat and played this for a good hour and she would have played for longer had I let her.", "I loved this game it is quite amazing and intresting and I would spend my whole life playing this game", "Quiet bad.need to fix the bug of the ads.always a lot.Sometimes even cannot go in.many can cheat", "It makes your brain work hard", "its very addictive game ..... must download", "This game is amazing and fun for young kids to play \ud83d\ude0a", "omg can't believe, so good!", "Great app with many difficulty levels and 12 games!", "good learning experience for kids, need to increase difficulty level step by step", "Very good games for kids", "Best game ever had been sent", "It is very fun and gives your brain education", "boring i can't play the same thing \ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f", "One game for multiple age groups", "it is a nice game for all type of people Big or Small . I like that thing and this game too", "thank you for making the effort to make this game iam really enjoying it", "I used this app as a therapy tool for my clients. great games, but would love to have instructions."], "Grow Empire: Rome": ["Very fun and addictive EDIT: after the update many cities became much easier to conquer, however it is now downright impossible to capture cities of 111 and above. You don't even end up killing a quarter of their troops that they start with in the battle when you send your first two legions. Somethi...Full Review", "I enjoy this game, although there are some flaws. First, the combat is very unrealistic. Roman armies fought in formations called phalanxes. Also, the idea of only having two units available for defense is ridiculous. I have played this game before all the way to very close to the end and you can't ...Full Review", "Great game to occupy time. not sure how to defend against rebellion though. only level mid 30s. the rebellion has way more troops.", "this game was good b4 the update now it forces you to buy dimands to get very important characters to win the game...not worth the time to download", "its a really good game you know you need to try it out for yourself man its good the fighting the good gooo d jdnsisbsjdjeunr my hdnemsjdhbsjsudbendjdjejebeidn r sl\":=jjsj ed jsjdhehdjxudnkeufjksk", "Liked the game but there were adds almost after every wave, really cuts into the gameplay", "Awesome time killer that does not need constant attention BUT can still play for hours at a time", "Fun so far, we'll see how it goes...or long till I have to pay to advance.", "the movie is the best of the people of all this is the best of the egg into a country where you are not a qaulified I have to add a new job and the other countries to be a great weekend too costly to be a great weekend the same boat it's not the same boat it's not the same boat it's not the same boa...Full Review", "was great. and then it just gets far too hard.(so I gave up)", "easy money and level upgrade. dont have to spend actual cash to advance. nice time killer", "Feel like it eventually gets too hard and you fall behind. Also I think at a certain level you should get another bar for troop recovery", "fix the ram in the side minigame its stupid", "played this game most of the day as i sit here in hospital. i like this simple game", "this is a easy game to play and doesn't take much thinking about good for after long day at work", "isn't the best game in the world but its a phone game what do you expect", "Can there just be the screaming of men, and more lands to conquer?", "to you by your own virus checking software for a while and I have to pay for it and it will be in the morning to see if you want to do so in love to have a great day and the other side and a bit of the King Street and the other side effects and I am not going back home and abroad and a half hour to ...Full Review", "it's good but was there a giant cause I want a giant and the players have to move so they can win fast", "Seems great so far! You can pay for upgrades but it's not necessary.", "Over all really good game. I mean ya gaphics could be better", "I rated this 5 coz it gives me coins", "so far it seems decent. graphics are mild, doesn't require much attention.", "not a bad game but still has some kinks to work out", "So far this game runs real smooth and is exactly the time killer ive been looking 4.... I recomnd this game 100%", "its cool, just sux u gtta buy the good characters but thats the only downside", "seems ok, only just started. bit quick to ask for rating.", "Its a good game because you dffend and not attack and u also can attack", "better if we have main castle like something......this game is best....those who read it plz understan i like it v.much", "please add more diamonds", "Awesome! Can't stop playing.", "Seems good...a bit confusing when first starting", "you guys did good nice fun game keep going with this game", "fun way to level up and grow with wave defenses and battles.", "Pretty simplistic game with some very fleshed out points", "this game is so fun I can not stop playing it", "wdiaa game h", "I really like this game. Its allot fun, and it costs you nothing!", "The tower seems to miss a lot though.", "2 many ads"], "Galaxy sky shooting": ["ok , must of downloaded \"almost\" every SPACE SHOOTING in the PLAY STORE , till I ran into this ONE game which is very good at keeping you wide awake nD at the edge of your seat .... once you get into the 30's even more in the 40's levels , way fast nD very tricky .....", "good game. too bad you got watch ads as much as you play.", "Thats game a very very very very very very very amazing", "very good and", "this is worth the time and effort and gets so addicting....just dont throw ur phone when you lose", "I want so many levels", "Never knew that they were once gods and goddesses\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02and good game btw", "Wow is nyc gems and you", "when you watch ads, you dont get any rewards like promised also, if you cant use an item in a game, you still lose it forever", "even i have unlock the planes with required stars and gold still i have to pay to use them in the game. No benefit & waste of efforts and time.", "In graphics gameplay and review this game has got low review but graphics gameplay and all other things were very great this is very good game.", "the most stupid app with more then too much ads. ty for wasting time .", "is like taking out the BLM helicopters", "spend more time on graphics", "Awesome, thanks.", "im happy to play this game", "i like the jet planes", "super game and more advt", "very good game", "wandar ful gam", "very nise game", "nice game", "nice game", ", j,,,", "irfanali", "nice game", "good game", "Shiva", "bad games", "Like", "nice but darrrrrrrr", "Vary good game", "Worst", "nice app", "good", "good", "BEST", "nice", "love it", "good game"], "Huuuge Casino - Slot Machines & Free Vegas Games": ["its a fun game but theclub events suck lose more than you win. giving better jackpots and hitting more often would make this game more fun. playets who are online playing everyday.should recieve a coupke million in a surprise award for coming online and playing.we would like new games for club membe...Full Review", "I enjoy this app very much, although I will say it's like pulling teeth to hit an actual jackpot. I can't remember the last time I hit a triple diamond or had the lottery land on a green or orange puzzle piece. I will continue to play, but my amount of discretionary income is limited and it seems as...Full Review", "Don't play unless you're willing to pay! And don't get suckered into the \"lottery\" where you buy bronze, silver or gold tickets expecting to win the same colored puzzle pieces but 98% of your winnings comes in low payout coins. And don't buy into the silver and gold thinking you'll win the same colo...Full Review", "A deeply apologize Huuuge casino Facebook Drew W. Shield fixed the post second down. Mother Divine and Archangels made me correct much. They explained Ho'oponopono does not belong to me. They wanted me take away the statement my Ho'oponopono. The post completely fixed and ready for you to share on y...Full Review", "I bought 70 silver tickets twice and couldn't get even a piece of ticket. I think l this is scam. This game is suppose to be fun and not to cause pain . I might have to quit . At least when you spend money and get chips, you still lose it when playing and that's no issue, but spending money and gett...Full Review", "Coins last a little while but soon runs out. Facebook links do not work. waste. i have made several purchases and my chips run out in five or six spins even on low betting. i think that people that make purchases should get a decent bonus and a couple million chips for their time. i wish that they c...Full Review", "RIGGED AND ALWAYS HAVE BEEN ITS PAY TO WIN PEAPLE. I STARTED A NEW PROFILE AND STARTED AT CASHMADNESS LEVEL 1 TO LEVEL 54 AND WON NOT 1 JACKPOT. THIS IS HOW RIGGED AND GREEDY HUUUGE CASINO HAS GOTTEN OVER THE YEARS. AND WILL NEVER CHANGE UNLESS YOU STOP SPENDING MONEY ON THIS TERRIBLE SO CALLED SLOT...Full Review", "at last i feel good about billionaire casino. however, i never have felt comfortable about its attitude of disrespect toward an 80 year old man. they still jeer me with disrespect, like calling me new face, not rated, laughed at by your insistance i have no right to buy coins. i have come all this w...Full Review", "Although I really have enjoyed playing the game for over two years now, it seems like more and more incentives are excluded. The 1st year I played they had a Christmas calendar, ever day for the whole month there would b a special surprise for players. Incentives such as that are cool. Allowing us t...Full Review", "this game does not pay out evenly through the play cycle. this is a game that can be great if the intentions behind the game development are sincere. the only object of the owners of this app is to make you purchase credits. people down load your game to destress. by having losing streaks that are s...Full Review", "Don't play it pick a different one and save your money. I thought give it another try. stupid me gave it four more dollars on offers and not even 24 hours after it took all the chips back. four dollars wasted. freaking disgusting. it's a fake game and they have everything so tight the real machines ...Full Review", "This is ok. Great slots, great features, great graphics. Problem with this app is how it gets you to try and buy money. All poker apps give that phase at the start where you can't stop winning. But, when you don't buy chip, you lose and lose hard. It's a goldilocks phase. I'm not knocking someone ab...Full Review", "scam.. u gotta pay to play.... Jim.. what a joke! \ud83d\ude02 \"free bonuses\", try limiting your pop-up ads that almost make you accidentally purchase more chips.. i have played 100mil and not won a thing.. i have also noticed when i get free spins, before the spins are even over.. the \"pre-determined win\" is...Full Review", "been playing a long time and credit where its due slots are fun and social side/clubs are great. HOWEVER... slots never ever ever pay out. odds are ridiculously low. payouts are crazy low, some machine 5 of a kind payout is less than your original bet. you'll get hammered with ads to buy chips. Whic...Full Review", "While playing High Roller Wild Stars bidding 5million on auto spin my bank went from 251 billion to 1.92 million and I was 1st place on the social reward with a few minutes left before reward would get distributed. I was of course bumped off due to inactivity. I had just given a 5star review on this...Full Review", "The payouts if any lately are really bad. The new game Nile is the worst with not one bonus on 2mil bet it chowed 1.5bil without one bonus... No fun anymore. What happened to sharing diamonds. We want that back. Otherwise the diamonds are useless. Your free bonus chips should at least be 1million no...Full Review", "Everyday you struggle to keep what few chips they give you to no avail. The odds are ridiculously low and it's constantly pushing you to spend money. Have dropped this down to one star due to more recent scamming in this game. Would give it no stars of that were an option.", "literally the worst game i have ever played. i get up in the billions on coins, and then lose it ALL in a matter of MINUTES!! will never play again. waste of my time and my money out of my pocket. would give zero stars if that was possible.", "RIP off. after playing for 2.5 years. and buying hundred of $...The more money you spend with them the less you win. I wouldnt advise anyone to spend a single nickle. After reading most of the reviews I guess Jim has a million one excuses regarding the appt.Im official done with this game and I hope...Full Review", "Had issues on multiple occasions with charges and not awarding chips and bonuses. Contacted support multiple times to no avail. The managing personnel of this app are a joke and don't respond in a timely manner. Multiple members in my club we're also experiencing issues with the same. It seems every...Full Review", "i made a purchase that i did not receive and when i contacted customer service to fix the issue they told me too bad and they wont fix it or return my money! they are thieves and have no problem taking your money and giving nothing in return! i reported them to better business bureau and joined a cl...Full Review", "Do not download unless you want to be roped into buying endless chips, write any bad things and you get unexplainable disconnecting, these are fat cat moneymakers, the free chips amount to a few spins... don't get conned, play consoles instead... much cheaper. uninstalling this garbage!! And it's ZE...Full Review", "Your Dec 10th update is terrible! It locks when loading, if it does load the games are sluggish and the wheels intermittantly keep turning for several minutes. They have fixed the update issues so I'm updating my entry. Everything is working fabulously again! They got right on the issues with the ba...Full Review", "They previous people that ran the game were great I used to spend a lot of money on this game... however now whoever owns it is a joke... you can't buy your self chips or your friends chips with diamonds... they no longer give any golden tickets... they turned the wins way way down... I'll never spe...Full Review", "Used to be awesome and fun. Not anymore. They have made the slots so tight that you cant maintain a balance even if you purchase chips. Such a shame. They had a great thing going for a while. Lots of players and friends have left the game entirely because Huuge has become so greedy. It's almost like...Full Review", "uninstalling game. this is my first casino game so i didnt have many expectations. however, the poker options are absolute garbage along with the ability for a person to fold every hand to assure a money spot. after reading other reviews, im sad i missed the earlier versions of the game where your d...Full Review", "I am writing this not the rant but to let you know about what is going on in chats all the time. I use to see \"Great Play\", \" Whoa Great Play\", now people heart broken, saying they only get on anymore to chat with club members. I am a co- leader, was asked to help with morale, how can I when my mora...Full Review", "still ripping of the average player even on new years eave what a disgusting bunch of. develipers . huuuge casino let you win once then take all you have forever . dont apologise huuuge its all to make sure you win and your players loose unless there family of the company . shame on you .", "Once a fair and great game has been spoiled by greed. Used to be fun but not anymore. In my opinion, don't get this app but if you do, don't be fooled, you will have luck at first but it quickly changes after a certain level. Your first purchase will treat you well but after that it's all down hill....Full Review", "I like the fact that you have the pop ups with the 3 Chest to choose from, Huuuge Casino should have more of those during the games! And on the scatters with a Wild should pay triple, especially since it is hard to get the Scatters and Bonus games sometimes! Giving the players more ways to win! Othe...Full Review", "they will make you feel like a winner for a few. and when you run out of coins they want you to buy their fake coins. not entertaining whats so ever! save your money ... recession is near!", "After spending so much money on chips the developer doesn't even pretend to let let me ever carry a balance. It seemed like after buying my first package I didn't win big again. But apparently I'm not very bright and I kept buying packages. I'm done now they will not get anymore of my money!", "Long time player for almost 3 years and I have to say Huuge made a big mistake taking diamond sharing away, no more 2xp, no more free lottery tickets, odds at less than 5% to win in which is 8% lower than a real casino. No longer a social app. I highly recommend deleting this app. Huuge won't bring ...Full Review", "I like the game a lot and I play it everyday... I've hit one huuuge jackpot four 29 billion several months back and have not hit any jackpots higher than 3 million since then. I'm on here everyday and I cannot hit any more hide jackpots so they must have tightened up the game! I'm sure they're going...Full Review", "Horrible game, all about you paying money for nothing! I made it to almoust $40 billion and ended up almost broke. I never paid for chips and never will but what makes this game stupid is now I can't seem to earn past $200 million so my bank is always low. No reason to spend money unless you like se...Full Review", "this game was fun at the beginning but now you cant win without losing even more than what you win. its been so long since the majority of players have even hit a decent jackpot. you definitely have to pay, and i mean a lot, to play. am quiting this game as new year resolution to stop wasting money ...Full Review", "Been a member for quite some time and I am very disappointed in the changed odds. If they tell you they haven't changed them they're full of it. I've tracked the play. I suggest you play for fun, but don't buy anything. They hook you, then ya pay real money for fake money. Want them to explain (if t...Full Review", "Glitchy.... You would think they would figure out the glitches. Beautiful game graphic wise, but the glitches particularly in blackjack renders the game unplayable. Update 2/26/2018..Blackjack now playable at mid levels. Will update at High levels. Beautiful graphics, major eye candy.", "Use to be the best gaming apps out there but they turned into Pathetic Greedy Jerks! I was a member for over 2 years & recently left. They took away all the perks & could care less about their players... All they care about is digging into your wallet... Don't bother downloading! Go to Slots Grape i...Full Review", "PATHETIC. Suppose to be free and fun. Your free chips don't last long. If you want to continue to play you have to spend real money. numerous bonuses? you call 100k every 15 minutes a bonus. i call that a joke"], "Jewel block puzzle - Classic free puzzle": ["I have been hooked on this game ever since I started it.", "Could barely quit playing. Kept wanting to beat my highest score.", "very addictive, I love it.like tetris but without the pressure", "very fun game for myself, and my kids.", "gotta think, I like it.", "if can reduce ads will be 5 stars", "its fun and good to pass the time.", "very fun game and addictive", "this game is great but sometimes it moves my blocks already placed...", "adicting!", "okay good", "very bland", "fun, addicting, relaxing game.", "nice game", "it's very addictive", "nice game i like it", "Lol", "good game", "its superb", "love it", "nice game \ud83d\udc95\u2764\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01", "good", "good", "Good", "This one is very addicting, I didn't think it would be this good at first, but I got hooked", "This game is a tricky sometimes but excellent", "I love this game, it is a great way to spend time \ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude01", "Relax you mind/ body.", "OK little game", "Excellent game, really addictive.", "my girlfriend loves this game for sure", "Excellent game", "Relaxing", "I still like the old one but this one is coo I can play it for awhile I can get in to it", "I love this game ,,very challenging..", "It is ok", "Addictive and fun!", "Its good for entertainment", "this is very entertaining game", "Fun game"], "Creative Destruction": ["Overall good game. However, there's still issues popping up in the middle of matches. The issues being:no aim target(the little circle or plus in the center to show you where your bullets are going), randomly freezes up & starts beeping & crashes my phone, sometimes my character wont even appear in ...Full Review", "this game is actually really good though its a copy of fornite . install this game i swear its good and this game is for the people who cant install fortnite because it is not compatible in all devices. this game has basic building techniques but the bad thing is that there are no doors that can be ...Full Review", "The match making seems so dumb to me why can't we just go against anyone no matter how good or bad they are. Why do we always have to be matched up against the very best competition to our level every game", "this game is a rip off of Fortnite. There are really bad graphics and it doesent deserve being played nor considered being called a \"game\". If you have an iPhone please dont waste your time on this game. Though if you have an Android i would consider downloading PUBG mobile although i don't like PUB...Full Review", "this game is trash graphics are bad. the server lags alot and it's a rip off fortnite don't download very bad game! if you have apple just download fronite it's better than this trash but if you gave android just download pub g that game is the best great graphics and controls. creative destruction=...Full Review", "it freezes your phone and you can't get out of it happen to some of my friends so they uninstalled it because the said it was trash it happen to them about 12 times me it was bearly starting so I'm like not gonna risk it uninstall button you are so beautiful \ud83d\ude12", "I have played it before on a different device but on the one I using it refuses to connect to my WiFi even when I have it on. It says login failed which is extremely annoying, because this I one of my favorite games. any advice on the problem would be much appreciated", "GOOD GAME, REALLY LOVED IT BUT SOME PLAYERS, PLAYING THIS ON EMULATOR,. PLEASE BAN THEM IT'S A MOBILE GAME NOT PC GAME, DEVELOPER'S SHOULD HAVE A DETECTING SYSTEM TO DETECT, WHO'S PLAYING ON EMULATORS.", "This game is amazing and really addictive, but I recommend fixing the lag most of the time I can't even do a in game event like Holey Mode without lagging then getting killed. Otherwise that this is a great game", "this game is fun but.. every update need 90mb on game and 40mb on Google play store.. now i have 7gb data user.. idk this is too much just adding one legend skin on thw game or just fix a bug.. eat 100mb+..", "i started playing 3 hours ago an im going 22 an 0 but yall need to fix one thing an thats to where you can aim in on all your guns", "this is good game for battle royale, but worst connection in my country, evn my ping is good but game ping is terrible hard to fix it. please fix the game region connection thanks. or build some asian server which is good like pubg thanks", "Kinda Fortnite, but very interesting in it's own way. And yes the map is amazing, but I think it's time to add a new map. I am loving it.", "I've downloaded this game before but then I deleted it then installed it again but when I try to open the game it crashes in 10 seconds (P.S I've deleted cache, And it's a really good though)", "what an fun game! i cant play fortnite in my mobile so i choose this game! (i watched dantdm playing creative destruction)", "can you make a free Axes To buy without diamonds Please.....I LOVE YOU CD THX zuo Countinue\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "I'm changing my mind about this game, at first I thought this was a great game, and I was kinda right, but after I changed my phone from a Samsung Galaxy J2 Prime to a Galaxy J5, I don't know what happened, but the connection is the worst, every moment in the training part (yes, the TRAINING PART) i...Full Review", "It keeps on crashing I try 100 times no joke I can't even play. still Is crashing", "It is bad, very laggy, lots of hackers, suck as walk through walls and aimbot and stuff, worst of all, this game is a scam, I renewed and they gave me nothing. This game is bad, don't download it", "It's a great game I say that because I am a god at it and the gameplay has some nice relaxing feel to it", "coming from a fortnite player this is not a bad game like any fortnite player would say i would prefer fortnite for many reasons but good work btw 4 stars bc it is not to original like at least have diffrent colors but yeah its good when you have no wifi on whatever ps4,xbox1,switch you could play t...Full Review", "The login problem is insane i already have an account and it creates new account once then if u play after some time i continues with my older existing account please fix the login problem", "Can you add a gifting so i can give my older brother something if you can thanks so much", "can you put a mode that you can do whatever you want and there's a time limit but it's not a regular game it's just you can do what you want invite friends into it like a free mode", "says failed to download configuration file. zte blade android phone. how do i fix this so i can play", "Its so bad how i play and every time I walk it say bad cannetion it gets me mad cause i cant kill a person you got to fix the game", "every time i go on the game it keeps saying the update failed or something and it wont let me play", "Was good, but to many updates. Can't have a decent game without lagging", "In New update it lagging While Playing and buy skins", "I play squad, killed 4 and got in top 9 squad. and I just got only 6 point , i'm still at silver, play alot but still stuck in silver II . wth? i can get 30 point at least.", "the game is awsome and everything but there is one problem my phone needed a software so I had to delete the game then I made a new account on the phone I installed the game but everytime I try to enter the game it freezes and then kicks me out so I pressed the repair button and it reinstalled the p...Full Review", "i cant go inside the game and i have a lot of space for it to work pls fix this nonsense, i did check my network it was fine and i was the only using it and it still didnt let me in", "Its a really giod game but i play on phone and when ever i change to ultra graphics it lags A Lot so can you change that and alson can you add veicheles to the game", "people be sayin: This is a Ripoff of fortnite! but I say: Its just another battle royale not all battle royales are a ripoff", "I love this game but it also have only one disadvantage it is we can't control the vehicles plz update it", "I love it because I wanted to play fortnite but I couldn't so I play this awesome game!!!", "for some reason it sometimes won't let me build or pick up weapons and I would recommend that you have that glitch fixed so other gamers like me don't have the same problem and please do tell me when you fix this bug thank you.", "this game is really fun because kills are sooooooooo easy and buliding too", "your game is dumb it has too much bugs an i crashes more than once in a gamim about to the poi to installing it", "a really really bad game I jump pad couldn't move and someone killed me is two choices game give me 10000000 don't give me and Eugene will be a piece of ass"], "Super Bubble Pop": ["Was too easy. Went through every level with 3 stars in the first attempt. But sometimes too easy is what I want. The 1 star is for how sometimes you get colour after colour that isn't even in the puzzle to begin with. There was one puzzle that had literally a blockade of one colour, and instead of g...Full Review", "Good game for killing time,the only issue I have is why make it awkward to the point of frustrating at trying to finish off a level,I mention this because I have uninstalled other games of yours because the colour choices that I am given make it impossible to finish a level, sometimes I have been fo...Full Review", "It doesn't give u time o move the ball old where unwanted them. It sometimes moves them itself don't like that part.", "This game refuses to play any other way than it wants you to. Preprogrammed", "I gave 3 cause you forced me to rate before playing stop that or you would of gained 5 stars", "Doesn't offer any of the colors needed to play the game!", "so far an awesome game.just downloaded it .i will tell you more later", "Not a good game not stand out enough", "I just started this so I really don't know what to do", "why you don't give another ball to play a full game", "Love this game!!Very fun and pretty colors too", "It sometimes hard to tell the pink and orange apart", "Fantastic game love it", "Highly addictive,can't stop playing.!!", "It's Good", "I love the game", "the levels are too many", "Very well made. Colours play tricks qith the eyes qhich gives it a challenge.", "Very good brain practice", "Faltu game", "to many adds", "Really like it", "It great I love it", "Good game. very addictive and fun", "Great game very relaxing love it", "super game", "Exceptional. Good time pass", "Fun to play!", "Challenging yet fun!", "Kamalsge", "thanks", "Good to keep busy.", "Good for passing the time", "fun for the whole family", "Very good game", "This is a challenging game", "ok", "addicting", "Nice game", "Great game"], "MARVEL Spider-Man Unlimited": ["gameloft or play store (I don't know who had given the amazing spider man so much money ) this game is awesome, but please make the amazing spider man 2 free for one day only on 1st January. Only for one day. The game is very expensive I can't afford so much money from my parents .They will not give...Full Review", "I have replaced 4 0 phones and it's been more than 2 yrs that I am playing this game. It comes as a shock that after March 31, 2019 I won't be able to play it. I sincerely love this game. I didn't know much about Spiderverse and Different members of Spidey group. I am in that part of India where com...Full Review", "A wonderful developed game! I absolutely love it! Edit: I JUST STARTED PLAYING THIS AWESOMEGAMEAGAIN ANDYOU GUYS ARE SHUTTING IT DOWN!? This sucks... I was so excited to keep on going and finally finish it. I can't believe this. If Minion Run isn't getting shut down too, that's going to be ashame be...Full Review", "READ THIS!!!!! IMPORTANT! This is in fact a news flash. They are SHUTTING DOWN the game in February or March. Just thought that everyone should be aware DO NOT MAKE IN APP PURCHASE!!!!! Once the game is gone, it's just gone. No refunds, no game, if you do not already have this game, save yourself so...Full Review", "my overall experience has been great! but I have one question...why are you shutting this game down??!! This game is awesome and a lot of players have really enjoyed this game and have worked very hard to get far in the game. I believe that this game should be kept up and available. I would like a b...Full Review", "This game is good, it has an array of characters, good story line, good graphics. But without money there is growth only if you play this game daily for hours end to get that score. Sadly after playing this game for years, i was finally getting somewhere, but got the notification that in March 2019,...Full Review", "It is a very addictive game..once you understood the entire mode of this game you will be addictive..most of the Events which comes everyday makes you busy in the game. There are too many things to play in it except Story mode..Daily Events keep you rank up on your spidy tier...also it gives spidy t...Full Review", "I have been playing this game for over two years, and its the only one that I play consistently. I absolutely love the controls, and the graphics are superb. However I am very unhappy about the platform moving to Facebook on March 31st. Believe me when I say that you should keep it available as an a...Full Review", "So basically, i get the feeling that Gameloft just wanted a scene where Spiderman defeats Thanos? I donno but why is Thanos included? Oh and can you guys please put in a scene where if you defeat Thanos, Spiderman toys around with his gaunlet and throws both of them on the ground? Many thanks if you...Full Review", "This game could be a pleasant endless runner. The graphics are appealing and the mechanics are interesting enough to break up the monotony. All of that is ruined, however, by the energy system which prevents you from playing whenever you want, the useless collecting and upgrading of characters, and ...Full Review", "R.I.P. Spiderman Unlimited... Hey Gameloft, do ALL of us a favor, make a permanent Spiderman game that would actually stay on the App/ Play Store. You guys Have shut down 2 Awesome Spiderman games...now Spiderman Unlimited?? Thats makes 3 shut downed games...Make a new and permanent Spiderman games ...Full Review", "definitely a fun game... but after changing phones and reinstalling, all my saved data was lost... strange, since i had been linked to my fb and google account... pretty disappointed... all those built-up Spideys gone... way to go! update: devs still haven't resolved the matter...", "This game was fun, on my galaxy s5. But my phone started freezing alot so i replaced it with a galaxy s8. I downloaded the game but i cannot use the same acount as the one on the s5 even though i am logged in to it. I am never play this game again. But, don't get me wrong, this game is addicting and...Full Review", "This is a great game. The only problem for me is that when you get a combo or punch an enemy, the screen is obscured by something like, \"X2 Combo!\" and it always makes me run into enemies or other obstacles.", "really good game, unique graphics, and great for spider-man fans that wanna learn and see about the hundreds of other spider-people from different dimensions. Challenging, but really fun. its a shame gameloft's shutting this game down. RECOMMENDED. get it before its tooo late.", "you know why I'm giving it a one star..? because I see no good reason of Westing my time and data on downloading this sweet piece, and after downloading it, I was still asked to do an Extra download of about eight hundred and something... what for? why can't it be like D-DAY FRONT LIINE COMMANDO. th...Full Review", "While it is occasionally unresponsive which leads to difficulty and I hate the idea of an essential Internet connection, the fanfare and range of villains and Spider-men reminded me of Shattered Dimensions - which I loved. Looking forward to more playtime and future content!", "This game had the potential to be a really cool endless webslinging game but ended up being a mundane endless runner you've seen a million times before. The game occasionally throws you into a webslinging sequence where you hold and release to swing from roof top to roof top but this sections are fe...Full Review", "After the latest update the game lags like crazy, can barely get past 50,000 without having to guess where I'm going it's so laggy sometimes, I know my s5 is outdated a bit with the s6 being released soon.. But doing routine updates and cleaning off the device of unneeded bloat ware should allow the...Full Review", "Cannot believe Gameloft have stuffed this great game so much that they are shutting it down. The game had heaps of loyal fans who Gameloft have been ignoring for years, while making heaps of meaningless changes to core parts of the game. Do not start playing this game. It won't be around for long.", "Update: This game is going down in March 2019. If you want a simple collectable endless runner, try this game. Collect lots of spideys with different bonus perks, rarity, and score multipliers. It's up to date with Into The Spider Verse. This game has been scratching my itch for a simple with some d...Full Review", "Worst experience to reinstall. i changed phones expecting my information to be transferred but it made me go through the tutorial again and when i tried to reactivate it after it was done instead i lost my data and then it didn't allow me to do anything except create a new account and start from scr...Full Review", "one of the last few good and FAIR gameloft games left... and its being shut down. especially during the height of spideys popularity with homecoming, infinity war, into the spider-verse, the ps4 game and the upcoming far from home.", "would have rated much higher but I recently switched from iOS to android and all of my progress and purchases and many many hours I sank into the game can't be recovered. it honestly has destroyed the game for me. amazing game, like THE game I used to play on mobile, but losing all my progress has j...Full Review", "This game is pretty good, i can see how addicting it can be and i can also see how you might just pay alot to get who u want also the web swing sections are wayy to hard with the about half second delay and big arcs. Please fix that i dont want a run to be ruined by the swing lag and barely hitting ...Full Review", "I saw your post on Facebook today that you're going to be shutting down this game in April since you totally screwed up the ranking system I stopped spending money coz I'd have to buy multiple Spidey duplicates to fully rank them up and maybe other players did the same so instead of changing the ran...Full Review", "The game is good ..its addictive has a decent graphic ..but the controls doesnt work sometimes ,when I swipe to move it doesnt work and it kinda ruins the game ..cause when you would be running smoothly and get a long run ..u fail to dodge the obstacles cause of ur control bug ...i dont knw if im th...Full Review", "Sad, game is ending in March 2019 but the game is still has the option to spend real money. Gameloft, do you really think people want to spend their hard earned money on a game that is no longer going to exist ? Maybe. Have you done everything in your power to keep the game alive ?", "My internet connection is great as always. but they state theres a problem connecting. Hope you fix this issue/bug ASAP :(", "It's nice to see the MCU version of Spider-Man from homecoming to infinity war. Sadly we never got to see Tom Hardy's version of Venom in the game. R.I.P Spider-Man Unlimited September 10th 2014 - March 31st 2019", "I know the game is gonna shut down soon but these years of playing spiderman unlimited was the best. the game really helped me connect with my favorite marvel hero and gave us experience of a variety of spideys to help us connect to the spiderverse. Goodbye spiderman unlimited, I sure am gonna miss ...Full Review", "Nice but now won't let you control the Web crawling. And today on swinging I hit invisible walls. All after I bought gems. Before that me and my kids enjoyed playing it. all was fixed love the game", "When it acknowledges your action it is fun and dynamic, when it ignores your timely action, it is an infuriating waste of time. Good luck getting full credit for your efforts. Also enjoy the predatory popups and 10 year old fatally flawed game engine.", "great way to pass the time. but you need to fix the thumbs up that pops up after every time you complete a goal in each mission. it gets in the way and it gets me killed half the time. other than that, perfect game", "so I'm trying to get back into the game but I can't download it when it reaches 800 mb it tells me somethings wrong with my internet while there is not please fix this", "OMG THIS IS THE BEST SPIDER MAN GAME YET but can u guus make a free roam version that u DONT have to pay for OMG Y THE HECK WAS SPIDER MAN 1 AND 2 DELETED:( U RLLY SUCK RN GAMELOFT Y WOULD U KILL THE GAME LOOK AT HOW MANY PPL LUV IT I GOT SO MANY SPIDERMEN AND IT TOOK A YEAR SO SRSLY LOOK AROUND AND...Full Review", "ITS GOOD BUT THE BAD THING IS I ALWAYS HATE WHEN YOU HAVE TO BE A STRONGER LEVEL JUST TO PLAY AND SOMETHING ELSE IS ANNOYING IS THAT I HAD TO WAIT HOURS FOR MY THING TO RECHARGE FIX THAT!", "as you going to shut it down, it'll be fair to remove the option of buying isoB to unlock the VIP portals. Just unlock them, let us spend our in-game earned isoB on them", "Hey there Im sorry for putting one star but now I have all my spideys back. Sorry for the one star. Thanks for fixing the problem.", "this game is amazing the graphics are cool the characters in this game freakin' sweet plus you get to command a massive roster to rank up and run with through out the, you even have to battle different types of villains in the sinister six team and you can even get villains and non spider man charac...Full Review"], "Cover Fire: free shooting games FPS": ["The Game is Fun, I do like playing it. Could be more Gold and cash given as prizes not Billions but adding more would please your player base! Taking care of your Players is the #1 thing a Game Maker should be concerned with and do, More Players = More Money potential for your company! It's not that...Full Review", "Its nice to find a game that is offline playable. That said it is still a pay to win game. Progress is agonizingly slow unless you are willing to spend real a lot of real money. I think that there would be a great number of people that would pay 20 to 30 dollars to unlock the whole game with an acce...Full Review", "I completely enjoy this game. Well except for in sniper ops the buttons/ screen is not responding fast enough to get accomplished. Tried cleaning the glass got a little better. Mostly playing offline so that is okay. Does reaction time slow as cover is lost? You did great with the anime chics. They ...Full Review", "Great game and graphics and plot. But will lose all progress when game updates. My update made everything automatically disappear and set back to level one. Lost several hours of time and game progress. And the cloud update also malfunctions and does not restore . WORST PART is that despite emails, ...Full Review", "It has started to freeze up in the middle of game play ,im really far along and the further i go the more freeze up. Do something. And also i have finished all 10 chapters and since 2months no added chapters added. Is that the end of the game ? So I can uninstall", "Best 3rd Person Shooter game I ever played in android. But i got a suggestion - control Settings, i suggested a friend this game but on his first start up he asked me 4 control Settings, since i am comfy with the default control, i never knew it wasn't there. and how about multiplayer, one sniping f...Full Review", "very beautiful game but it has two problems. 1. You have to wait a long time to refill your power to play again. 2. And when you reduce the time of waiting the next crate or something else, if you exit the game and when you will play again you will see the time without reducing. Fix these problems o...Full Review", "Great game. Good entertainment. Update: The developers have done a great job in improving the game levels. However, the skill cards requires lot of money but the amount won is very less in all levels which makes it unbalanced. An alternate feature could be adding an option of improving skills throug...Full Review", "Upgrading skills are expensive, but in order to make spending money attractive it has to be. The skills are useful and the random cards makes for replay ability. The range of characters is good. Would like to see hacker/ drone missions to earn those character cards, just like sniper missions. really...Full Review", "Well I gave it a 3 star cause I appreciated it until it started lacking... this is my 3rd update, After I completely the last chapter (episode 10) the next episode said coming soon.. I checked here and found there is an update, I got excited thinking the new episode will be available here and even g...Full Review", "one sentence to give feedback this game... i will say that this game is not free of cost.. because without money you not be enjoy Continuesly..after playing 5 level than energy is finish and next 1 hour to play again this part of game...and some level is very difficult and no more option to increase...Full Review", "Developer not responding to issue (wrote them again recently) What's the deal with cover fire.  I watch a video to half the time until delivery to 2 hours. Come back in 2 hours to see 2:09 remaining. Thinking maybe I didn't watch the video I watch 2 more making the time 30 minutes. I come back in ah...Full Review", "it's a very satisfying shooting game, I love the graphics, the arenas r really cool, but I cannot find the granites, even I upgrade them but during battles I don't find them. and yes pls work on ur controls, they don't run smoothly. Else everything is good \ud83d\ude0a.", "I was totally drawn in to 'Cover Fire'. The action of the battles and skirmishes were realistic enough to make me duck bullets in my living room. The mini missions (Sniper Ops and the others) were just as good as the main feature. The characters were just as enjoyable. I only wish it didn't take so ...Full Review", "Addicting game. The quests are really challenging and makes you want to constantly replay them for the 3 stars. Most of the time you can get 3 stars, if it's an easy level. Shots are very accurate, no hard controls. Headshots are very easy, but the one shot one kill is a bit tricker. There's an onli...Full Review", "I love the game soo much one of the best shooting games I've ever played. If you would add a practice or training zone where we unlocked an character or an weapon to test it, not when you select a weapon you can only see first hand when playing on a mission first, than we should have tested it on a ...Full Review", "i used to love playing a game called FRONTLINE COMMANDO so everytime I install it, it says \"FLCOMMANDO has stopped\" So I went to find another app similar. TBH, there were a lot of them. But they all were based of World war 1 and 2.. i didn't like having games based of things that have already happen...Full Review", "This game is absolutely amazing! I have never loved such a game, especially on mobile. The only thing that I do not like is how you can't change your main character. You do change to a Sniper and a RPG trooper but you have no free will yo choose which one you want to be. If I am wrong can someone te...Full Review", "Finished game-Money spent 0.00 $. Great game but has lots to improve. Combat level 1230. Clip size - Level 11. Reload - Level 11. Bullet piercing - Level Max. Bullet damage - Level Max. Critical hit Level Max. Cover - Level 13. Reaction time - Level 10. Reactive shield - Level 10. Camouflage - Level...Full Review", "Great game. Skirmish and sniper ops are addicting. No recent updates which means no events for the past month. We need more events, zombies, tournaments, and possibly some sort of team battles online.", "I paid thirty dollars. Still don't get to play the game fully, without waiting for the next reload time. Not cool. The upgrades of my weapons and coverdamage feel like scams towards the end", "Latest updates can't hardly play now. Maybe they just changed to higher end phones. Getting poor frames and lagging control, not to mention not able to spot targets. Was my fav now ready to uninstall. last update made game more playable again.", "I've reached chapter 9 and in the 9th episode in the sniper mission Whenever I shot the man controlling the robot, I can see the bullet gone but at that point I can't see anything. At first I thought this happened eventually but After more than three times this happened I'm unable to understand what...Full Review", "Had lot of expection but same gameplay like those looser 80-90 mb sniper game have. 50 mb for Shooting and rest 450mb is wasting on graphics. Graphics are useless if your game play sucks. Have to say sniper 3d is more realistic and have better game play then you.guys", "cost to much to upgrade skills. I need about 7 million dollars to upgrade what skill cards I have. I only have 4k dollars. mission only give 1-1.5k per mission. with only 10 energy and 2 energy per mission,impossible to upgrade skills without spending real money. so I am uninstalling. cheesy game", "guys Iam only getting cards for updating when I open crates..and no money at all.....what I am supposed to do with cards without money....pls change it...and another worst part is that... every thing in this game is depended on the crates....and no upgradation on anything... Iam playing this game fo...Full Review", "No weekly events, start times or dates. Controls are horrible. I like the new character. Would be cool if we could add her as a sniper, too, since there's only two girls to chose from.", "skirmish is too easy (especially sniper missions). unlocked all the damn characters and weapons in a week or two. the bullet often not flying linear to the gun's barrel alignment, though by crosshairs they are pinpoint accurate. when firing to close targets (say 2-5 meters) the crosshair would not b...Full Review", "Great game but getting the upgrades to defeat the harder enemies is difficult sometimes. Also run out of play time to fast. Definately in need of an upgrade. The sniper play is getting old. Need to rotate the modes like before.", "10 energy in not enough when you reach advanced levels you need a lot of money to upgrade and you are very limited with only 10 energy??..you might give us Endless mod so we can gather money from. ..**what about the Sniping mod very big area you cant see the soliders and you run out of time!! you mi...Full Review", "its an ok game, very challenging! BUT theres a HUGE problem with the timer for crates & rewards! I'll collect a free crate, then use a video to half the time to 2 hrs,,, and when I come back later,, it still says I have 3 1/2 hrs left! Thats killing my collections, and waisting my speed ups!! This n...Full Review", "tried not to give feedback immediately until playing for 1 week and actually it deserves the 5 stars confidently to say one of the best shooting games you can find on the store ... you will find lots of missions and episodes ... the only drawback is the extreme slow rate to refill tickets to be able...Full Review", "Fun shooter. Cover to cover style third person shooting. I can appreciate a game like this and would recommend it to anyone looking for a good mobile shooter to pass the time. I got stuck in it for the first couple day.", "I really love the game Devs but! EXPENSIVE for upgrades WOW! not cool. Wow!!! Not very cool Devs. Well I love the UPDATE. Almost 1G updates in 2 months! I liked the SKIRMISH the way it was before why change it to only SNIPER Ops, that was a HUGE MISTAKE most of the missions you cannot even see the e...Full Review", "I was quite enjoying the game completed 30% of the campaign pretty sharpish and was doing alright until a couple of days ago I lost all my upgrades, cards, guns and characters. So now I'm 30% into the game with a character that's basically a new starter and it's completely ruined it for me so until ...Full Review", "Once i get kicked off from an event, i need to wait till the event finished, for an another event to come. This can be modified. You can give a new event to the ones who get kicked out like this", "you know most games after couple of hours get dull. so far this is amazing. updates give new games. can purchase but havent so far and havent hit the pay barrier yet. so really pleased. fully advocate", "The best action game i have played so far. Long refilling time. PLEASE REDUCE THE TIME High cost of purchase. PLEASE REDUCE THE PRICE OF ITEMS add more episodes (6 to 10) in the next update", "Bad ass graphics. 3rd person shooter with a challenging twist. Incliding but not limited to Assualt rifle, rocket launcher and sniper mini games. Nice headshot and slow motion effects.", "little difficult to understand the settings and the progress.. missions are some locked and want upgradation. i must need t9 understand the formula too..i guess.. overall superb. .. From nokia 6.1plus, Guwahati, India."], "Virtua Tennis Challenge": ["This game is probably the best sport video game I've ever played on this platform. The control doesnt feel responsive at times, but the graphic and the gameplay made it up for the problem. The tournaments are fun, but it'll get boring overtime. The coins are only used for tournaments and the multipl...Full Review", "The graphics are downgraded, but this seems to be same exact game as Virtua Tennis 4 as gameplay and animations are identical. While that may not have been a greatest game as far as consoles/pc go, it easily makes this the best mobile tennis game.", "Cannot turn the music off! Please let me know how to disable the music! Annoying background music keeps on playing in SPT tour and exhibition matches..", "Great game. Terrible controls. Incredibly unstable. The game usually crashes on the final game of the final set of the match. I can't even finish a match on this game without crashing!", "This game is of course good, I am playing it since last year but I think this game needs some more features like customization of players, selection of venue and the most important to be seen in the upcoming updates is women's singles, women's doubles, and mixed doubles. A kind request to the develo...Full Review", "Best tennis simulation out there can't believe it's free. Small problem is campaign is too short and after a while the game becomes too easy", "The ability to maintain a shot is challenging using the type of controls afforded. The Android version has good graphics and i paid for the no ad option. So worth the buy but the control needs fixing. You basically need to double tap on every shot.", "Amazing game.. I was looking for a multiplayer tennis game and finally got this.. works really well. But after latest update , game crashes .. nonetheless beautiful game to play. After recent update Bluetooth multiplayer is not working. unable to connect to other devices.", "Long loved game, but why this annoying music now? Can't turn it off. Removing a star for that.", "great game but the excitement fades away after repetitive animations. No major update since I first played in 2013", "Please send update. It keeps crashing on my Huawei MediaPad M5 8.4 Tablet.", "remove the frigging slow-mo feature during gameplay. its fu*king annoying and sometime hard to get back to the right movement.", "So far so good, which items are included in In app purchases.?", "This was a great game but can you improve on more features an please put in doubles but at the end it is a sick game. PLEASE CAN YOU IMPROVE IT A LITTLE BIT.", "when this game offline it worked well but now it stuck more when I started the game", "Please add wta also and i will give you 5 star", "Plz make the game offline It will be more help full...", "Esta muy bueno! Es muy parecido al Virtua Tennis 4, salvo por el hecho de que la dificultad me parece algo baja y tiene bugs con el audio (no se escucha y se traba). Pero m\u00e1s all\u00e1 de eso, es tan perfecto como la ultima entrega en consolas, espectacular!", "Game crashes a lot in Tour mode... I hate it", "Multiplayer via Bluetooth is very laggy.", "difficult to play. instructions are not the best.", "Fuc!ng Terrible On game music!!", "The game is freezing at the begging of a match", "Unable to use multi player mode", "it is good now im studying college but i played this in my school days.i really impressed about the graphic and the controls\u2764", "this is the best tennis game but i get problem with the controller so please fix it !!!! n maybe add more tour !!", "error in voice when we play", "The music is sooooo annoying", "Long time ago played", "I like this game. But sometimes it is unfortunately stopping. Please help", "Excellent game. Please make it work offline", "great graphic great game,i love it thanks sega", "not female players", "NFL cup ox do pal usual", "Cant join multiplayer by bluetooth.. Uninstall", "Fix the damn GAME!!!", "please add features such as creating characters. i like tennis games so please add that", "if this game would have real time multiplayer, it could be awesome", "bad game and bad controller", "awsome tennis game for phone just like pc quality"], "\u0645\u0646 \u0633\u064a\u0631\u0628\u062d \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0644\u064a\u0648\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0648\u0633\u0648\u0639\u0629\u200e": ["\u0647\u0646\u0627\u0643 \u0627\u0644\u0643\u062b\u064a\u0631 \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u063a\u0644\u0627\u0637 \u0641\u064a \u0647\u0630\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0648\u062e\u0627\u0635\u0629 \u0641\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0644\u063a\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0631\u0628\u064a\u0629.\u0641\u064a \u0646\u0641\u0633 \u0627\u0644\u0633\u0624\u0627\u0644 \n\u0643\u0627\u0646 \u0647\u0646\u0627\u0643 \u0627\u062c\u0648\u0628\u0629 \u0645\u0637\u0627\u0628\u0642\u0629 \u0645\u062b\u0644 \u062c\u0645\u0639 \u0627\u0628 \u0631\u0642\u0645 1 \u0625\u0628\u0627\u0621 \u0648\u0631\u0642\u0645 2 \u0623\u0628\u0627\u0621 \u0648\u0631\u0642\u0645 3 \u0627\u064a\u0636\u0627 \u0645\u062b\u0644 \u0631\u0642\u0645 \n2 \u0623\u0628\u0627\u0621 \u06484 \u0627\u0628\u0647\u0627\u062a.\u0648\u0627\u062e\u062a\u0631\u062a \u0631\u0642\u0645 2 \u0644\u0627\u0646 \u0631\u0642\u0645 2 \u0648\u0631\u0642\u0645 3 \u0646\u0641\u0633 \u0627\u0644\u0643\u0644\u0645\u0629 .\u0641\u0627\u0644\u062c\u0648\u0627\u0628 \u062e\u0637\u0623.\u0648\u062e\u0633\u0631\u062a \n.\ud83d\ude20", "\u0627\u0644\u062a\u0637\u0628\u064a\u0642 \u0641\u064a\u0647 \u0643\u0630\u0628 \u0639\u0644\u0634\u0627\u0646 \u0634\u0627\u0641\u0648 \u064a\u0648\u0635\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0644\u064a\u0648\u0646 \u0642\u0627\u0645\u0648 \u062e\u0633\u0631\u0648\u0646\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0633\u0624\u0627\u0644 \u0647\u0648 \u0645\u062a\u0649 \u0648\u0642\u0639\u062a \n\u0645\u0639\u0631\u0643\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u064a\u0645\u0627\u0645\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u0625\u062c\u0627\u0628\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u0635\u062d\u064a\u062d\u0629 \u0633\u0646\u0629\u0661\u0661 \u0647\u062c\u0631\u064a \u0648\u0647\u0645 \u0642\u0627\u0644\u0648\u0661\u0662 \u0648\u0647\u0648\u0661\u0661 \u0648\u062e\u0633\u0631\u0648\u0646\u064a \u0648\u062f\u062e\u0644\u062a \n\u0627\u0644\u0646\u062a \u0648\u062a\u0623\u0643\u062f\u062a \u0648\u0627\u0644\u0625\u062c\u0627\u0628\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u0635\u062d\u064a\u062d\u0629 \u0661\u0661 \u0648\u0627\u0646\u062a\u0645 \u0643\u0645\u0627\u0646 \u0627\u062f\u062e\u0644\u0648 \u0627\u0644\u0646\u062a \u0648\u062a\u0625\u0643\u062f\u0648", "\u0633\u062e\u064a\u064a\u064a\u064a\u064a\u064a\u0641 \u062c\u062f\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627 \u0641\u064a \u062d\u0627\u062c\u0627\u062a \u0643\u062a\u064a\u0631.. \u0623\u0648\u0644\u0627 \u0647\u0646\u0627\u0643 \u0625\u062c\u0627\u0628\u0627\u062a 100 \u0628\u0627\u0644 100 \u062e\u0627\u0637\u0626\u0629.. \u062b\u0627\u0646\u064a\u0627 : \u064a\u0639\u0646\u064a \u0627\u064a\u0647 \u0623\u0644\u0639\u0628 \u0644\u0645\u062f\u0629 \u0633\u0627\u0639\u0629 \u0623\u0643\u062a\u0631 \u0645\u0646 30 \u0645\u0631\u0629.. \u0648\u0644\u0627 \u0645\u0631\u0629 \u0631\u0623\u064a \u0627\u0644\u062c\u0645\u0647\u0648\u0631 \u064a\u0637\u0644\u0639 \u0635\u062d \u061f\u061f\u061f \u062d\u0637\u064a\u0646\u0647 \u0644\u064a\u0647 \u0637\u064a\u0628 \u061f\u061f \u0639\u0634\u0627\u0646 \u064a\u0644\u062e\u0628\u0637\u0646\u0627 !!!", "\u0634\u0643\u0631\u0627 \u0639\u0644\u0649 \u0647\u0630\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u062c\u0645\u064a\u0644\u0629 \u0645\u0646 \u0643\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u0646\u0648\u0627\u062d\u064a \u0627\u0644\u062a\u064a \u062a\u0646\u0645\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a \u0627\u0644\u062b\u0642\u0627\u0641\u064a\u0629 \u0648\u0627\u0644\u0639\u0642\u0644\u064a\u0629..... thank you very much for this hame\ud83d\ude18", "\u0627\u062c\u0627\u0628\u0627\u062a \u062e\u0637\u0623 \u0643\u062b\u064a\u0631\u0629 \u064a\u0639\u0646\u064a \u0635\u0648\u062a \u0627\u0644\u0630\u0628\u0627\u0628 \u064a\u0633\u0645\u064a \u0627\u0632\u064a\u0632 \u0648 \u0644\u064a\u0633 \u0637\u0646\u064a\u0646 \u0637\u0646\u064a\u0646 \u062f\u0647 \u0635\u0648\u062a \u0627\u0644\u0646\u062d\u0644\u0629 \u0648 \n\u0639\u062f\u062f \u0627\u064a\u0627\u0645 \u0627\u0644\u0633\u0646\u0629 \u0647\u0644\u064a \u0643\u0648\u0643\u0628 \u0627\u0644\u0632\u0647\u0631\u0629 \u0647\u0648 243 \u064a\u0648\u0646 \u062a\u0642\u0631\u064a\u0628\u0627 \u0648 \u0644\u064a\u0633 280 \u064a\u0648\u0645 ...", "\u064a\u0631\u062c\u0649 \u0627\u0635\u0644\u0627\u062d \u0628\u0639\u0636 \u0627\u0644\u0623\u062e\u0637\u0627\u0621.. \u0647\u0646\u0627\u0643 \u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a \u063a\u064a\u0631 \u0635\u062d\u064a\u062d\u0629.. \u0648\u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0628\u0634\u0643\u0644 \u0639\u0627\u0645 \u062c\u064a\u0651\u062f\u0629 \u062c\u062f\u0651\u064b\u0627.. \u0645\u0634\u0643\u0648\u0631 \u0623\u062e\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0643\u0631\u064a\u0645.. \u0648\u0623\u062a\u0645\u0646\u0649 \u0644\u0643 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0632\u064a\u062f \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u062a\u0642\u062f\u0645 \u0648\u0627\u0644\u0646\u062c\u0627\u062d.. \u0645\u0639 \u0623\u0637\u064a\u0628 \u0627\u0644\u062a\u0645\u0646\u064a\u0627\u062a.", "\u0627\u0639\u0644\u0627\u0646\u0627\u062a \u0643\u062b\u064a\u0631\u0629 \u062c\u062f\u0627 \u060c\u062a\u0635\u0645\u064a\u0645 \u0631\u062f\u064a\u0621 \u0648\u0627\u062e\u0637\u0627\u0621 \u0627\u0645\u0644\u0627\u0626\u064a\u0629 .. \u062d\u062a\u0649 \u0627\u0644\u0622\u0646 \u0628\u0639\u062f \u062f\u0642\u0627\u0626\u0642 \u0641\u0642\u0637 \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628 \ud83d\ude11 \u0648\u0627\u0644\u062a\u0637\u0628\u064a\u0642 \u064a\u063a\u0644\u0642 \u0645\u0646 \u0646\u0641\u0633\u0647 \u0641\u064a \u0645\u0646\u062a\u0635\u0641 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628!", "\u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0632\u0627\u062f\u062a \u0645\u0646 \u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a\u064a \u0648\u0641\u0643\u0631\u062a\u0646\u064a \u0628\u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a \u0643\u0646\u062a \u0646\u0633\u064a\u062a\u0647\u0627 .. \u0635\u062d\u064a\u062d \u0641\u064a \u0627\u062e\u0637\u0627\u0621 \u0627\u0645\u0644\u0627\u0626\u064a\u0629 \u0644\u0643\u0646 \u0645\u0634 \u0628\u0634\u0643\u0644 \u064a\u0636\u064a\u0639 \u0642\u064a\u0645\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0644\u0643\u0646 \u0641\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0645\u062c\u0645\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0633\u062a\u0641\u0627\u062f\u0629 \u0643\u0628\u064a\u0631\u0629 .. \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a \u0634\u0627\u0645\u0644\u0629 \u062a\u0627\u0631\u064a\u062e \u0648\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645 \u0648\u062f\u064a\u0646 \u0648\u0623\u062f\u0628 \u0648\u0630\u0643\u0627\u0621 \u0648\u0645\u062a\u062f\u0631\u062c\u0629.. \u0627\u0631\u062c\u0648 \u0641\u0642\u0637 \u062a\u0635\u062d\u064a\u062d \u0627\u062c\u0627\u0628\u0629 \u0633\u0624\u0627\u0644 \u0627\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u062f\u0648\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u062a\u064a \u0644\u0647\u0627 \u062d\u062f\u0648\u062f \u0645\u0639 \u0645\u0635\u0631 \u062b\u0644\u0627\u062b\u0629 \u0648\u0644\u064a\u0633 \u0627\u062b\u0646\u064a\u0646 \u0648\u0647\u0645 \u0644\u064a\u0628\u064a\u0627 \u063a\u0631\u0628\u0627 \u0648\u0627\u0644\u0633\u0648\u062f\u0627\u0646 \u062c\u0646\u0648\u0628\u0627 \u0648\u0641\u0644\u0633...Full Review", "bad and not real fix it has mini proplems master soft ;\u00a3", "Nice app but people are downloading it for it's name and at last nothing will win I had won it one time and thank you", "buggy game, options don't work well, the option of \"removing 2 answers\" removes the correct one !", "\u0639\u0646\u062c\u062f \u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u062c \u062a\u0627\u0641\u0647 \u062c\u062f\u0627\u064b\u060c \u0648\u0644\u0627 \u062a\u0648\u062c\u062f \u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a \u0639\u0644\u0645\u064a\u0629 \u063a\u064a\u0631 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a \u0627\u0644\u0625\u0633\u0644\u0627\u0645\u064a\u0629  \u062d\u0627\u0633\u0633 \u062d\u0627\u0644\u064a \u0646\u0632\u0644\u062a \u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u062c \u0645\u0646 \u0633\u064a\u062a\u0632\u0648\u062c \u0628\u0646\u062a \u0627\u0644\u0633\u062f\u064a\u0633\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02", "\u064a\u0627\u062e\u064a \u062a\u062c\u064a\u0628 \u0623\u0633\u0626\u0644\u0629 \u0645\u0646 \u0631\u0627\u0633\u0643\u060c \u0645\u062b\u0644\u0627\u064b \u062a\u0642\u0648\u0644 \u062d\u064a\u0648\u0627\u0646 \u0645\u062d\u0631\u0645 \u0627\u0643\u0644\u0647\u061f \u0648\u0627\u0644\u062c\u0648\u0627\u0628 \u0627\u0644\u0635\u062d\u064a\u062d \u0627\u0644\u062e\u0646\u0632\u064a\u0631 \u0639\u0644\u0649 \u0623\u064a \u0623\u0633\u0627\u0633\u061f \u0645\u062d\u0631\u0645 \u0639\u0646\u062f \u0645\u064a\u0646 \u062d\u062f\u062f", "\u0647\u0630\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639\u0647 \u0648\u0627\u0644\u064a \u064a\u062d\u0628 \u064a\u062a\u0639\u0644\u0645 \u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0644\u0639\u0627\u0628 \u0627\u0646\u0635\u062d\u0647 \u0628\u062a\u0646\u0632\u064a\u0644 \u0647\u0630\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \n\u0627\u0646\u0627 \u0627\u062d\u0628 \u0647\u0630\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647\u2026 .. \u0647\u0630\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u062a\u062c\u0645\u0639 \u0628\u064a\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0627\u0626\u0644\u0647\u2026. \u0639\u0644\u0649 \u0639\u0643\u0633 \u0643\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0644\u0639\u0627\u0628 \n\u0627\u0644\u0627\u062e\u0631\u0649 \u0627\u0639\u0637\u064a\u0647\u0627 \u062a\u0642\u064a\u064a\u0645 \u062e\u0645\u0633 \u0646\u062c\u0648\u0645", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u062c\u0645\u064a\u0644\u0629 \u0648 \u0644\u0643\u0646 \u0647\u0646\u0627\u0643 \u0627\u0644\u0643\u062b\u064a\u0631 \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0623\u0633\u0626\u0644\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u062a\u064a \u062a\u062e\u0635 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0633\u0644\u0627\u0645 \u0648 \u0627\u0644\u062a\u0627\u0631\u064a\u062e \n\u0627\u0644\u0627\u0633\u0644\u0627\u0645\u064a. \u0627\u0631\u062c\u0648 \u0627\u0644\u062a\u0642\u0644\u064a\u0644 \u0645\u0646\u0647\u0627 \u062d\u062a\u0649 \u0646\u0633\u062a\u0637\u064a\u0639 \u062c\u0645\u064a\u0639\u0627 \u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647\u0627", "Over all very good but better sound quality and graphics will make a big difference", "\u0627\u0646\u0635\u062d\u0643\u0645 \u0644\u0627 \u062a\u0646\u0632\u0644\u0648\u0646 \u0647\u0630\u0627 \u0627\u0644\u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u062c \u0644\u0627\u0646 \u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u062c \u0641\u0627\u0634\u0644 \u0648\u062a\u0627\u0641\u0647 \u0645\u062b\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u064a \u0633\u0648\u0627\u0647(\u0627\u0644\u0645\u0637\u064a_\u062d\u0645\u0627\u0631_donkey)", "\u0627\u0646\u0627 \u0643\u0646\u062a \u0628\u0642\u0631\u0627\u0621 \u0627\u0644\u0633\u0624\u0627\u0644 \u0648 \u0628\u0643\u062a\u0628\u0648 \u0639\u0644\u0649 \u062c\u0648\u062c\u0644 \u0648 \u0631\u0628\u062d\u062a \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0644\u064a\u0648\u0646 \u0628\u0633 \u0639\u0644\u0649 \u0627\u0644\u0641\u0627\u0636\u064a \u0644\u0623\u0646\u064a \u0643\u0646\u062a \u0627\u0642\u0631\u0627\u0621 \u0645\u0633\u0627\u0628\u0642\u0629 \u062c\u062f\u064a\u062f\u0629 \u0632\u0641\u062a \u0627\u0644\u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u062c \u0647\u0627\u062f", "\u0627\u0644\u0635\u0631\u0627\u062d\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u062c \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0633\u0626\u0644\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u064a \u0641\u064a\u0647 \u0642\u062f\u064a\u0645\u0647 \u0648\u0639\u0644\u0649 \u0632\u0645\u0627\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u064a \u0639\u0645\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u062c  \u0648\u0627\u0644\u0627\u0633\u0626\u0644\u0647 \u0627\u063a\u0644\u0628\u0647\u0627 \u0627\u0633\u0644\u0627\u0645\u064a\u0639 \u0648\u0627\u0631\u062f\u0646\u064a\u0647 \u0648\u0627\u0636\u062d \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0645\u0631", "\u0647\u064a \u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u062a\u0646\u0645\u064a \u0639\u0646\u062f \u0627\u0644\u0643\u0628\u0627\u0631 \u0623\u0648 \u0627\u0644\u0635\u063a\u0627\u0631 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a \u0627\u0644\u0628\u064a\u0626\u0629 \u0648 \u0627\u0644\u0625\u0642\u062a\u0635\u0627\u062f\u064a\u0629 \u0648 \n\u0627\u0644\u0633\u064a\u0627\u0633\u064a\u0629\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07I love it", "It's so beautiful why all people say it's bad no it's so so so so good i love it so much how made this game thank you very much", "\u0627\u0644\u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u062c \u0628\u0647 \u0623\u062e\u0637\u0627\u0621 \u0643\u062b\u064a\u0631\u0629 . \u062d\u062a\u0649 \u0627\u0646\u0649 \u0641\u0649 \u0628\u062f\u0627\u064a\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u0623\u0645\u0631 \u0638\u0646\u0646\u062a \u0623\u0646 \u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a\u064a \u062e\u0627\u0637\u0626\u0629", "\u0635\u0631\u0627\u062d\u0647 \u0645\u0645\u062a\u0627\u0632\u0647 \u0648\u0628\u0647\u0627 \u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a \u0648\u0641\u064a\u0631\u0647 \u0648\u062a\u0639\u0637\u064a\u0643 \u0627\u0644\u062d\u0645\u0627\u0633 \u0644\u0644\u0648\u0635\u0648\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u0649 \u0627\u062e\u0631 \u0633\u0624\u0627\u0644..\u0645\u0633\u0644\u064a\u0647 \u062c\u062f\u0622  \u0634\u0643\u0631\u0627 \u0644\u0643", "I think that this game is not the real one for gorge krdahy it self it's not really nice game", "\u0643\u064a\u0641 \u0627\u0644\u063a\u0632\u0627\u0644 \u0644\u0627 \u064a\u0634\u0631\u0628 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0627\u0621 \u0625\u0637\u0644\u0627\u0642\u0627\u061f  \u0644\u064a\u0633 \u0627\u0644\u063a\u0632\u0627\u0644 \u0648 \u0625\u0646\u0645\u0627 \u0627\u0644\u0643\u0646\u063a\u0631 \u0627\u0630\u0627 \u0634\u0631\u0628 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0627\u0621 \u064a\u0645\u0648\u062a", "\u0627\u0633\u0626\u0644\u0629 \u0633\u062e\u064a\u0641\u0629 \u0648\u0627\u063a\u0644\u0628\u0647\u0627 \u0625\u0633\u0644\u0627\u0645\u064a\u0629 \u0645\u062b\u0644 \u0645\u0646 \u0633\u064a\u0641 \u0627\u0644\u062f\u0648\u0644\u0629 \u0648\u0633\u064a\u0641 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0633\u0644\u0648\u0644 .... \u062a\u062e\u0644\u0641 \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0631\u0628 \u0648\u0635\u0644 \u062d\u062a\u0649 \u0641\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0644\u0639\u0627\u0628", "Its made by fake you must unst.it", "\u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0633\u064a\u0626\u0629 \u0648\u0641\u064a\u0647\u0627 \u0623\u062e\u0637\u0627\u0621 \u0627\u0645\u0644\u0627\u0626\u064a\u0629 \u0643\u062b\u064a\u0631\u0629 \u062c\u062f\u0627 \u0648 \u0641\u064a \u0633\u0624\u0627\u0644 \u064a\u0642\u0648\u0644 \u0623\u064a \u0623\u0634\u0647\u0631 \u0627\u0644\u0633\u0646\u0629 \u0641\u064a\u0647\u0627 28 \u064a\u0648\u0645 \u0648\u0627\u0644\u062c\u0648\u0627\u0628 \u0634\u0647\u0631 \u0641\u0628\u0631\u0627\u064a\u0631 \u0644\u0643\u0646\u0647 \u062d\u0637 \u0627\u0644\u062c\u0648\u0627\u0628 \u0643\u0644 \u0623\u0634\u0647\u0631 \u0627\u0644\u0633\u0646\u0629", "\u062d\u0644\u0648\u0629 \u0628\u0633 \u0644\u0648 \u062d\u0642\u064a\u0642\u064a\u0629 \u0648\u062a\u0643\u0633\u0628 \u0645\u0644\u064a\u0648\u0648\u0648\u0646 \u0627\u0642\u0633\u0645 \u0628\u0627\u0644\u0644\u0647 \u0627\u0646\u0627 \u062c\u0628\u062a \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0644\u064a\u0648\u0646 \u0648\u0643\u0633\u0628\u062a", "\u0634\u0643\u0631\u0627 \u0644\u0644\u0645\u062c\u0647\u0648\u062f \u0627\u0644\u062c\u0645\u064a\u0644 \u0644\u0643\u0646 \u0646\u0631\u062c\u0648\u0627 \u0645\u0631\u0627\u062c\u0639\u0647 \u0648 \u062a\u0639\u062f\u064a\u0644 \u0628\u0639\u0636 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0633\u0626\u0644\u0647 \u0648 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u062c\u0627\u0628\u0627\u062a. \u0643\u0645\u0627 \u0646\u0631\u062c\u0648\u0627 \u0627\u0636\u0627\u0641\u0647 \u0645\u064a\u0632\u0647 \u0625\u062d\u0635\u0627\u0621 \u0627\u0644\u0646\u062a\u064a\u062c\u0647 \u0623\u0648 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0639\u062f\u0644 \u062e\u0644\u0627\u0644 \u0641\u062a\u0631\u0647 \u0645\u0639\u064a\u0646\u0647 \u0643\u062a\u062d\u0641\u064a\u0632 \u0644\u0644\u0627\u0633\u062a\u0645\u0631\u0627\u0631 .", "I think it's very good and i want say to your thanks thanks", "repeated questions and the application stops during the game", "Its questions is for Islamic people and not interesting", "\u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u062c \u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639 \u0639\u0644\u0649 \u0634\u0643\u0644 \u0642\u0644\u0628 \u062d\u0628\u064a\u0628\u064a \u062d\u0628\u064a\u0628\u064a \u064a\u0627 \u0623\u062d\u0645\u062f \u0628\u0646 \u0645\u062d\u0645\u062f", "\u0627\u0644\u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u062c \u062c\u0645\u064a\u0644 \u0628\u0633 \u0641\u064a\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u0639\u062f\u064a\u062f \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0623\u062e\u0637\u0627\u0621 \u0627\u0644\u062a\u064a \u064a\u062c\u0628 \u0627\u0639\u0627\u062f\u0629 \u062a\u0635\u062d\u064a\u062d\u0647\u0627", "\u0633\u064a\u0621 \u062c\u062f\u0627 \u064a\u0627 \u0643\u0644\u0627\u0628 \u0627\u0644\u0635\u062d\u0631\u0627\u0621 \u0627\u0644\u063a\u0631\u0628\u064a\u0629 \u0648\u0627\u0644\u062c\u0632\u0627\u0626\u0631 \u0647\u0645\u0627 \u0627\u0644\u064a \u064a\u062d\u062f\u0648 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u063a\u0631\u0628 \u0645\u0648 \u0645\u0648\u0631\u064a\u0637\u0627\u0646\u064a\u0627", "\u0627\u0644\u0623\u0633\u0626\u0644\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u062a\u064a \u062a\u0627\u062a\u064a \u0627\u0648\u0644\u0627\u064b \u0644\u064a\u0633\u062a \u0633\u0647\u0644\u0629 \u0648\u0647\u0646\u0627\u0643 \u0627\u0644\u0643\u062b\u064a\u0631 \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0623\u0633\u0626\u0644\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u062f\u064a\u0646\u064a\u0629", "\u062c\u0645\u064a\u064a\u064a\u0644 \u062c\u062f\u0627 \u0627\u0639\u062c\u0628\u0646\u064a \u0647\u0630\u0627 \u0627\u0644\u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u062c \u0648\u0646\u0634\u0627\u0621 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0647 \u064a\u0648\u0641\u0642\u0643\u0645 \u064a\u0627\u0631\u0628", "\u0648\u0627\u0644\u0644\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0638\u064a\u0645 \u062a\u062e\u0644\u0641 \u0628\u062a\u0633\u062a\u0647\u0628\u0644\u0648 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0647 \u064a\u0634\u0644\u0643 \u0623\u0646\u062a \u0648\u0627\u0644\u0645\u0644\u0648\u0646", "\u0639\u0646\u062c\u062f \u0639\u0646\u062c\u062f \u062d\u0644\u0648\u0647 \u0634\u0643\u0631\u0627 \u0639\u0646\u062c\u062f \u0644\u0623\u0646\u064a \u0639\u0645 \u062a\u0646\u0632\u0644\u0648 \u0647\u064a\u0643 \u0628\u0631\u0627\u0645\u062c"], "Fruits Master : Fruits Match 3 Puzzle": ["It's so fun. hate to put it down.", "Super game by \"Superbox\" I enjoy playing all of these games. The only game maker around that doesn't make you spend money to keep playing. \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "not giving credit for matching three to make game. very frustrating.", "can nit stop playing. alit if fun", "I really like the game is fun I like the graphics and the colors but I don't like when I swipe my hand up and down and the computer pushes right or left that makes me upset", "Fun and cute game! It's not as easy as you may think!! Much appreciated superbox", "Turn over is fast after winning. The ads or short, even tho they come frequently. Found a game to pass some time.", "For once this is a game I really like! very colorful and helps to unwind the brain", "Fantastic game one of the best I have played really keeps me interested.", "addictive game", "Fun and you cant stop playing.it.", "wonderful game please try at Google play store.", "fun an easy to play", "Enjoyable. Fun. Challenging but easy to play.", "what can I say .... it's fun", "I love this game", "absorbing", "Easy to play \ud83d\ude01", "lots of fun.", "a lovely game..", "good game", "amazing ap", "u are the best", "love it.", "AWESOME", "great", "relaxing", "fun", "random freeze all the time. i have to wait 10 to 20 sec and can continue play the game. some time it jump to lock sceen or force close. what gping on? mtk6737 2gb ram android6", "Decided to give the game another chance. I've completed a few hundred levels. Very relaxing and a good way to pass some time.", "Cute little Match3, pleasing sounds, fun variations on the boards. I'm on Level 180. I'm hearing it gets harder. So far, I'm very happy!", "great game but having to wait for the screen to clear after each level is painful", "won't. give me the daily double booster when available. you fixed the problem thanks", "I have a hard time trying to stop playing this game awesome graphics and funny", "Love it, but could be a little repeatable. Still in lower levels though.", "very few annoying ads!", "I love this game. All the bright colored fruit. It really is THE best matching 3 game I have played.", "This game is so much fun!!! Hardly no adds, that's a big plus!!!", "Starts easy then it challenges you. Addictive! Fun!!", "I like this game a lot"], "Zombie Tsunami": ["Updated review: LOVE the changes you've made! The daily challenges are fun, and FUNNY. Appreciate that we can earn more diamonds for watching videos without having to wait 8 hours to earn more. Hope you're able to come up with more stuff soon! Old review: Fast and easy to learn; oddly cute game. Jus...Full Review", "I played this game several years ago and when I saw it again, I decided to get it again. However, I seem to be getting frame rate problems. While I dont have the most current phone I do have a Galaxy S7 and I used to play this on a Galaxy S5. I would optimize it for older phones or find a way to spe...Full Review", "These guys deserve every cent they get from ad revenue - if you're online, the ads are incredibly short. To progress in the game takes time but now at level 197 (the highest level), I still play regularly to take a swift break from work. The new update has offered some variety to the game but I'm al...Full Review", "After the resent update it unlogged me from my FB and i can't play with my friends again! No dimonds after the videos! And no reaction from the developers The greatest disappointment I could imagine!!! It killed all my progress. All I wanted to do is to connect from Facebook. I've lost all the progr...Full Review", "no diamonds after the videos. it won't let me play after watching ads to resurrect the zombies. it's stuck on a purple screen. my game info did not transfer to my new phone. app developer does not respond to users' reviews and comments.", "I really love the new update with many kinds of game, especially the weekend event, it's like a chance to get some diamonds but I was wrong, I think there's a problem with it, that it's too expensive to enter the game, but it is so hard and rough to get over all the challenges and the rewards don't ...Full Review", "The game is amazing. I have been playing for some time now. My only problem is this new Christmas update. I cannot press any buttons in the game. When I do, it doesn't do anything at all. Sad that I cannot play at the moment, but it us still a great game.", "Would be better if it didn't penalise you every time you get a decent horde. Every time you get some together it throws lots of bombs in a row and kills 90% of them! Biggest issue is the game freezes every time you complete a mission.You then have to close the game, go into settings:apps:force stop ...Full Review", "Platforms and obstacles don't appear/move until player is directly on top of them, so no time to react before losing all zombies. Too many unavoidable obstacles at once for a simple game. Still a fun game, but I'd enjoy it more if I had a chance to progress.", "So i was playing this game a lot earlier until all of a sudden those hats got messed with. I no longer can cover all of the zombies with hats. I don't know what happened but if this is intentional then i have no idea why would you do it, and if it's a bug then please fix it because it's one of those...Full Review", "still one of the better zombie games out there...they keep upgrading and adding on different features to keep you interested...gets repetitive but is still fun! Ads are out there but are easy to opt out of and help u get certain things like diamonds...good job ZT!!!", "I would give it a 5 star but the freaking free diamond is frustrating! You said watch a video for a free diamond, well maybe you forgot the 's' in the end cuz I've watched almost 5 to 6 videos before giving me that damned free diamond! And multiply it by 3 for there are 3 offers.", "cool game, great to pass the time and can spend way to long on just having one more go. love a nice simple game like this to go with other more complicated games i have, not much thought required and thats just what i need sometimes. great game very happy, and my kids love it too. xxx", "Well I mean it's fun and all but it doesn't feel challenging. It feels like an arcade esque type game, the art style is definitely different from your average side scroller.", "blank purple screen after death wont go until you close the game manually. vids are constant followed by purple screen! I used to love this game. downloaded for my son and glitches need fixing.", "Okay game. Gameplay is decent, easy to learn, frustrating to deal with once you understand it. Recently it has been crashing whenever I try to open it; if I were to uninstall it, I'd lose all my data, so I'm waiting on a patch to see if it gets fixed.", "The weekend bonus wants me to pay 100 diamond even though i haven't got to play it all. i appreciate they fixed diamond video issue. Thanks. Love the game though. everyone in my office plays and my husband.", "after update, game always crush... the free life always end up i need to force close the game... and even the double the coins... after watching ads, it crashed...", "fun I like it, it's like temple run just side scrolling. but it keeps crashing on my android, I reinstalled it and keeps happening so I uninstalled it. unless there is a new update to fix it i wont be playing it again", "Game is really good and addictive but After recent update of this game, it does not provide diamond after watching videos, i have watched 3-4 videos then it has given 5 diamonds, not only that when i clicked on watch video for extra life at the end of game, videos get display but after video is fini...Full Review", "I love this game and would give it 5 stars, however theres bugs that need to be fixed. example- watch videos for diamonds and i dont receive them also when i did the run that allowed u to collect diamonds on the run i started with 5 diamonds and collected a lot of diamonds and still only had 5 diamo...Full Review", "The reason why i love this game is because its so fun and addicting its a great offline Time killer game i will never stop playing this i already knew about this game because i had this game mutipule times i just needed alot if storange opened for more fun games but im not promising but ill try my d...Full Review", "Been playing for a few years. It's my go to game. Love this game. Hope you guys put out another similar to this! My favorite are the Dragon and especially The NINJAS! They are so cute!!! I love the Dinosaurs!", "In general, I like this game. It cured my boredness and I wish you keep yp with this events. Btw, when I wear all the hats, not all my hats are shown up in the run so...can you make sure the zombies wear hats when they appear in my horde? thank you", "iam top level an beat the game atlest 6 an have never got a landgery bird. plus iam not getting diamonds for all vid iam watching. An the new x mas one I when two whole boards with out seeing any red coins", "very disappointed When you want to resurrect by watching an advertisement, you can't live again, and your data is gone, your diamonds are lost. the garbage in the garbage.", "It's a great game for when your bored abd watching a few ads gives you a decent amount of diamonds, but the one issue I have is that half my runs are ended just because the zombies decide \"Oh, you're holding for a long jump? Yeah, we're just gonna do a little bunny hop and all go in the hole\" please...Full Review", "It's fun to play, the ads are reasonable, and the upgrades don't take 'for ever' to earn. This is actually the 2nd time I've downloaded this game. Edit: Nevermind, upgrades now take almost 'for ever' to earn. When I first downloaded the game, I could watch 6 ads for diamonds. Now I can only watch 3.", "awesome fun game to pass the time away great graphics too and super funny... i cant get enough highly recommended for any game player of any age hi5\ud83d\ude4b guys keep up the good work \ud83d\ude0a x", "this is an addicting game...but i wish that there were more challenges. the graphics could use a very little bit of work, but overall, this is a great game. \ud83d\ude01", "this is a great game no matter how old you are. it is just so addictive it's hard to stop playing!", "This is my favorite game! no ads pop up unless you want 2x coins or something like that. Best game ever! it is so addicting and fun. also great for kids! i say 5 stars", "i love this game it is very addictive my daughter played it and asked me for help and i helped and then downloaded it on her tablet too so i could play haha x", "could use more controls an attack or something people with guns that the zombies can steal... other than that fun so far", "it now lags all the time. it became unplayable. please fix it immediately.", "Hello! I have to complaining, I can't see how many brains and other items I got lately because of the zombirds which flies in front of it, do something to get it better please, thank you!", "I totally love this game. Its so addictive and challenging. I may get frustrated but always come back for more.", "awesome just wish we can customize our zombies more like use our favorite color and have like certain zombie charactes we can start out with", "I didn't play it once my younger cousins are playing it .... but its suddenly good for them so yah.... its great i guess", "No diamonds after watching videos. even if I wanted to continue the game after my zombie died."], "Game danh bai doi thuong online 4K 2019": [], "Ultra Mike": ["Playstore doesnt have the cl\u00e1ssico Mario Bros from 1985 s\u00f3. Gonna deal with this.... Awesome man keep up with updates!!!!", "So many ads. It would be much fun if you didn't have the ads. Very addicing, kills time.", "Thought it was a ok game pretty boring when ya get stuck trying and trying to get thru the same level...", "It's fun but it won't load the 3rd level", "Aik dum baQwas waste of time", "Come On!We all know this is just a Mario Ripoff.The people that thing this cfc was a good game have the IQ of 3", "the game took 3 minutes 2 load, got t m a in screen & .....nothin. wouldnt et me play, settinfs nothin. SUCKS!!!", "THIS GAME VERY MUCH SUPER", "did not like the game", "I like your game.", "Very familiar game.", "Miinded game i love it", "Can't change control", "Jumping very low", "Awesome great smiliar to mario", "Dich mich oKkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy :-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-", "is so atom", "\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "Lot of fun", "Enjoy playing", "Great game", "NOt bad", "Awesome thanks", "Wel", "Challenging.", "Nice game", "Nice game", "Beautiful & adventurus", "Vino", "It is a fun game", "Good", "Pk", "nice game", "nyc", "Good", "excellent work...", "Nice", "Cute", "Good", "Good"], "Street Racing 3D": ["gamenya sudah keren dan online juga, kalau bisa tambahan modifikasi mobilnya dan bodykit", "is the best game ever to play with your children.", "This is a good game I ever play", "great graphics!!feels like playing need for speed playstation\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00", "Some of an older vision", "it's bool shet", "This game is really good. I like to play it.", "good game but too many ads", "so far so good need mire practice", "it's amazing and has very good grafics\ud83d\ude03", "great game, nice graphics, friendly controls", "Mehh", "\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00", "I like it", "gud game", "seru gaes...", "love its a great game", "Its good to drive with this game", "Its good for time pass", "provocative to one's abilities", "very3...like this game...good control", "very good game", "It is a fun game", "ilove this games addictive", "Gud experience great", "goo", "it's good game", "\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "good enough", "nice gameplay", "i have fun", "good game", "bad", "good", "fantastic", "fun", "good", "fun", "awesome", "cool"], "Bubble Trouble": ["What I hate about it is that : as you go up, it does not challenge you but controls you. Why should it force us to go it's way and not challenge to defeat??? The developer of this game is very stupid. you provide balls that dont match....now i understand you are devilish....yes you work for the devi...Full Review", "This game is nice. It makes me want to play it at every moment . Whether happy or sad. It makes me to stop thinking of my problems and I think people should try this because it will make them feel better. I am a testimony.", "new. very difficult brings the ball which is not there. I don't control the game. give optional If you are unable, be able to jump to next stage.", "How come level 449 is 10 times harder than 448. Battling for a week!", "Way too many ads in the middle of play & several times writing this comment! Ugh.", "Is a very nice game but if it had some options for blasting the bubbles at some stage , it would be better", "Good Ok I can do I will I will be there for the first time since I've been with my dad and see if they are ok and", "Its A Challenging Game But Its Very Fun Too Just That It Needs More Stages/Levels Since Its Very Addictive", "level 968 seems to be impossible as the sides reach the bottom before you can see all the bubbles", "Sir, ! Level no 449 is very hot , plese help us ,", "Good game. Shooting is slow to respond for moving targets.", "It is very worst game I had ever seen", "It's a little bit difficult to clear stages in short time but good one", "The game is really nice, keep it up, I love to play because is so fast", "At the end of the game you put the wrong balls \ud83d\ude11", "relaxing. I am 72 and try to enjoy games that keep my mind active. enjoy this game.", "What kind of game in level 968 its disgusting", "good game but stuck at 968 plz do something cannot solve it.", "I really loved all the games apps thru my friend google...", "No reward it's game over it's game over add some coins as rewards to it", "Love it and is better than the rest of the games I've played.", "Please I need a new level I hv played the last level which is 1000", "It's really disappointing at the level of 968", "It's a relaxing game I like to play this game whenever I feel off", "one of the few bubble games you will not get bored of", "This is great, am happy to have is app keep it up", "I think it will work for me best by killing my boredom", "This game makes your mind to be more wider and more open", "Pliz change level 81 it's difficult", "the ads are terrible though after every game!!!! really!?!", "Totally awesome and super fun.east and you get lost playing it!", "The game is very good it keeps you relaxed very challenging", "I really like this game it's lit and refreshing", "I am very interested in this game very very very very very very very very very nice game \ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude06\ud83d\ude17\ud83d\ude19\ud83d\ude1a\u263a\ufe0f\ud83d\ude42", "To much of adds very bad", "Nice game. Its very fantastic I like it", "game is fun!!! needs quick response.", "the game is good but contains too many ads. thanks", "Interesting, challenging and good fun. Require wisdom", "I love thos hame its best"], "Criminal Case: Mysteries of the Past": ["update: when i emailed for help, i got an auto reply telling me to check out the FAQs page and that is the only email i am going to get concerning my issue. im extremely disappointed with my personal experience. i would have thought someone might have cared to help out. the issue is not with items p...Full Review", "enjoyable, interesting, the stories are fun and the characters are exciting and funny. it's a really nice way to pass the time if you are waiting in a doctor's office or if your home just bored or if you're looking for something fun to do. very addicting though watch out that detective bug will bite...Full Review", "i love the criminal case games. but im having problems. a lot of times when i finish a crime scene and the scores come up the game freezes. i can then either reboot or switch my phone off and restart it and then get back to the game. and everytime that happens the game took 20 energy but did not giv...Full Review", "The game itself is vefy good and I enjoyed it. What I did not enjoy was doing the puzzles successfully, only to be taken to a crappy ad for another game, the game being opened and my own game closed. When I logged back in my previous success was not recorded and I had to start again! Very poor. I'm ...Full Review", "Am I enjoying this game? Let's just say that after playing for a bit I installed the other three Pretty Simple games. I have found these far superior to other hidden object games, not only for the simple polish (a pause and prompt between loading screen and game) but the variety on offer in terms of...Full Review", "This game is quite exceptional. It resembles how a true detective should be. To the creators, please produce a new chapter which features much more mysteries and conspiracies. I hope that in this new game, the Philippines would be included in one of the case plots.", "I am mad at you guys! !!!How dare you put ads into the game.I don't mind watching an ad if I get something for watching but inserting ads all through the game is not acceptable take them out !! There are tons of other games on the net I can play without this aggregation!  angry user", "I would give the game 5 stars but there is one thing .. when my energy is full and i pass to the next level and havent used any of it ,i just have the same amout as started. I wish it could add the energy gained from passing the level to the ones already there. Can you guess plesse do something with...Full Review", "it is fun but I do wish it did take so long to load scenes/drive to places. yes i know playing any game is a waste of time. However, i would rather pay something than watch an old car jiggle.", "I like this game, and played through the original Criminal Case. But the frequency of ads popping up between crime scenes has become too much. Not worth the hassle.", "A little dissatisfied with the fact that you can only play for a few minutes before using up all your energy and then have to wait so long for the bad to refill and what makes it worst is that so far I don't see where the amount of energy increases as one levels up so that is really a bummer also wh...Full Review", "Really love this game. Love the stories and everything (except u killed best girl ugh) . Only issue is that, when I recommended this game to my mother, she loved it too but she can't see the text. Could you maybe add an option to make the font bigger? Thx", "have really enjoyed criminal case until mysteries of the past. when I got there,I ended up losing my contacts and the info I gathered did not come with me. coins,OJ etc.. disappointing \u2639\ufe0f", "I love this game but VERY ANNOYED that its not connected like the other three were. Have to start all over. Lost all my friends, coins, life and pets... Emailed to find out why with no response. Not happy", "The criminal case game used to be fun. Then, all my friends quit playing because it forced you to download and install a new app to play the mysteries of the past. Now, the ads have gotten out of control. They pop up unexpectedly causing misclicks so the game devs get credit. It is super annoying to...Full Review", "I've been playing these for over yr love them. I wish more people played. you share so much stuff . graphics are great and u choose your character and clothes .It's my favorite of the four criminal cases", "After updation my game stopped spinning the wheel and album section. Also i was never able to connect to facebook despite of having a good connection speed. Its a nice game but after few cases the tasks seems to be repeated. It gets boring.", "at first i was really impressed .... i finished the whole first stage and bought a dog and everything.... but later when i was moving to the next stage they had a option like \"Elite\" I just tried it that is it.... the game started from the beginning the same crime scenes and what not.. really upsett...Full Review", "the game is great....but the ads have me ready to quit. they pop up every two games, are long, sometimes take me to the app store, cant be skipped.....", "I love hidden object games and that includes this one .love the little stories .my only down point to this game is that i have to wait to play it through as the energy doesn't last long .", "looking forward to to the conspiracy game for criminal case havent seen the download for it. been going to the plane to see if it is there yet . When will The Conspiracy in Criminal Case be open in the United States ?", "Seeing the Facebook thing and I connected to Facebook but it didn't not give any rewards to me and says that try again later then when I did it again it says that you have already been connected to Facebook", "I enjoy the game and play randomly for the past few months and I've NEVER hit the \"jackpot\" spinning the wheel - even though I've purchased a few things and watch videos for more spins.", "My app was corrupted and instead I'm on level 22, I'm back at Level 1! i need help reaaaaaallllly.", "what up? u guys shut down all 4 games? i love the game but i thinking u guys don't want me to play it!", "It keeps on telling me that there is network issuse. But i dont have network issue. My other game is working f9 and im able to login other network sites. Pls fix this issue. Ty", "i really enjoy this game... different crimes... pets.... nothing to technical easy play with or without internet\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4d\u263a", "Very good game! Honestly I enjoy playing this case more than the others. Good storyline and knowledge about the past \ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffc", "great game to play wish people who no longer played would delete the game from their playlist. So others of us don't have to try and beat high fanthom scores. Otherwise a very great new addition to Criminal Case lineup", "I like the game well enough, but you don't get enough energy and I refuse to pay for something that doesn't last long. Pity as its very well made. Uninstalling to find something that lasts longer than 2 minutes at a time.", "Playing this game so hopefully I can play Criminal Case : Conspiracy Files", "Already finished Mysteries of the past. And i can't wait for the next new case. Don't be too long...", "love the game but far too many ads. some very, very inappropriate.", "it freezes everytime i enter my name w/c is so annoying.", "Fun Game Very generous with free energy and coins. Great diversity of charcters you play along with Solving Murders from another time period .", "it's great. just the adds that is popping up", "I love the game but when it came time to post fries for my friends they never posted I think there should be a way that you can redeem your fries", "Love this game I beat now I'm just waiting for criminal case conspiracy to come out when will it be ready for download can you please us all now", "very bad now 3 times i have downloaded and everytime it goes and i have play from 1st", "there is no customer service, no help atvall when things go wrong"], "Metal Soldiers 2": ["Game needs control improvements & too many Ads, developers can make it better!", "cool \ud83d\ude0e \ud83d\udc6e \ud83d\ude97", "\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "Its a great game however i can't get pass level 33. Im just stuck in one screen even I've killed all the enemies. Please fix this.", "it was great game before recent update but now it has crashing issues and gets struck a lot. all my saved progress was suddenly gone... i cannot start all over again.", "nice game and graphic.. but stuck at level 11..please remove bugs.. forever level 11..sadly need to uninstall", "it's intresting but i can't play level 30 ...it's big gap bw two roof\ud83d\ude2b", "Really a better game than any 2D Shooting game but sometimes it closes itself without quitting the game.", "Excellent game. Needs to be updated with new levels more often.", "complete garbage... what is this endless mode? :)) this is not endless mode this is time attack mode... there is a big difference ...", "I like this game but I hate these ads", "this game is the bomb,it's really fun and addictive.", "Its an old game but fun i remember playing it in the arcade", "It's a good game and it was a good experience but I am stuck on level 53", "This is a very beautiful game and its graphics are very best", "unbelievable game masty and fun to fight guns", "really time killer..simple and exciting", "excellent game...never get bored", "This is like playing Tandy's 80's version of Duke Nukem! I love it!!!", "just teasing a real gamer like myself.", "This game is very best", "the game don't works after level 3 the last ones...", "Control is not friendly use", "Cool \ud83d\ude0e but the mission is way too short do something about the short mission", "good so far", "it's an al'rht app to pass time.", "cut the ads out", "very cool game", "very good game", "gr8 game luvn it", "this game is so interesting", "it's awesome game", "Good for free time", "quite amusing", "I like it", "too good", "kool game", "its good", "This game is very good but need to be more exciting", "mast h yr"], "Talking Tom Pool - Puzzle Game": ["I am confused. Suddenly my Tom pool account has to START ALL OVER AGAIN FROM THE BEGINNING. I reached level 300+ already and now has to start from level 1 again ???!!!! I used to really love this game. What happen ???", "This update is really very bad. After seing so many negative reviews why don't you change it to earlier. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE CHANGE IT. EARLIER IT WAS MUCH MUCH MUCH BETTER. NOW HOW MANY MORE NEGATIVE REVIEWS YOU WANT SO THATYOU WILL CHANGE IT?????? \ud83d\ude2d \ud83d\ude2d \ud83d\ude2d \ud83d\ude2d \ud83d\ude2d \ud83d\ude2d \ud83d\ude2d \ud83d\ude2d \ud83d\udc94\ud83d\udc94\ud83d\udc94\ud83d\udc94\ud83d\udc94", "I used to love this game. Last time I rated it, I gave it 5 STARS. Now... I dunno... It changed. Before everything was broken, and you went fixing everything! Now you spend your keys in just 1 thing per part... IT IS BORING. The las time I played it was a year ago, Dicember 2017. It was great! That'...Full Review", "I hate this update so can you play the original? I loved building your water park up like that. I want to cry I really do :( :( Still, the old version is \"Schweet\"! ;)", "I am Appalled! Who the hell thought if this Update? Why did they think this was a good idea? One of the best things was designing your Waterpark and it's gotten so boring just passing levels! Im sorry but this was not a good idea I mean You only need those keys to help you beat levels! It's all lost...Full Review", "I was playing it for along time . It is an awesome game but now it is not opening when I try to open it then the loading starts but does not complete . I don't want to uninstall it because I am in 300 (approx) level. So I'm trying to open it but I'm unable to do so.", "You make some of the levels impossible. I have been stuck on the same level for days. I'm about ready to delete the stupid game. The new updated levels are just stupid. Deleting the stupid game. Over it!", "I really loved this game. I played it a few months ago , almost a year ago but at that time there were levels only till the dragon one stage , I don't really remember. I'm sure its going to be really great this time , with more levels .", "This is an AMAZING game !\ud83d\ude01 New levels and cool rewards !\ud83d\ude00 This game has the smallest amount of adds than any other game ! No matter what kind of game you like , puzzle , pet , running or anything else , you will love this game ! So download it now ! DOWNLOAD IT ... NOW !!\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83e\udd23\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude17\ud83d\ude17\ud83d\ude19\ud83d\ude1a", "Ever since the update, I have all the premiums and all the parks!? Why? I really wish it would go back to the way it was. Please fix this there is nothing to do anymore. I'm sorry but nope. Uninstalling.", "Ok I HATE THE NEW UPDATE I LIKED THE OLD VERSION BETTER AND I WOULD LIKE IT IF YOU CHANGED IT BACK I GIVE 5 STARS FOR OLDVERSION AND 1 FOR NEW PLEASE PLEASE CHANGE IT BACK", "I did give this game 5 stars but now im not really fond of it now that they changed it so much ....!booooooo guys u really fkd up this game and i am uninstalling it", "I would instaled this games later but it is deleted you no i really love this game very very much", "This is very very addictive I really really love it.Even this game is difficult it can still help your brain.so dont say its boring!", "I like to make the water park in this game mini tom and his friends are veryyyyyyy cute but the puzzles are hard but I dont like that fan because the fan cuts and make more.", "It's awesome and all BUT when the pool floatie touched the thingy for half a second , it doesn't do what it was suppose to do so old fix this", "ffggxddfzdddfffffgghhhhhhbbjnnnj CV for your reference and further action is needed to I am going out for you read message are those that do I get back to the following file or link attachments IMG alt tags are not the intended recipient", "I liked the old version better because you get to fix the park and choose what type of it please let us have the old version back!", "I like love the game so much I was thinking if you could teach me how to make games like this", "This game I had earlier and that time I was not able to play this but now I am of so that's why now I am trying to play it", "What is this game . Sooooooo many ads .in every game . If one more time then I will show you so you better fix it stupid peaple", "At first it was nice but the latest update I didn't like. Now I wish I could go back in time and not get the update.", "It's stupid, I don't care if people call me a hater", "i hated it very much. i will like it when i will be able to play older version", "Ever since u got updated this game i already at the dragon pool level 190 but i go back to level 1 can u fix it asap plz", "it doesn't work in pool game when we touch the anybody it doesn't work why man why my mobile is ok but it doesn't work when I touch", "I like allot talking tom pool . I am a big fan of My talking tom games veri cool yoo mast install de game", "I really love this game, its so adorable. There is no problem with the game, they are fine.", "the last time I played this game was in October 1 2018 now I have to start from the beginning I can only upgrade my lighthouse and this is boring!!!!!!\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20the\ud83d\udd1a\u274c\u274c\u274c\u274cPLEASE HELP HELP", "I don't know what u all think about this game but I love this game thank u outfit7 for making this game", "what the hell its easy if you see a same person and then shoot the guy who is the same", "I. Do not like the new update because without completing all the level it finished by its own\ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude2d", "great time killer i am really like this game\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d agar ap is game ko install nahi karo ge to ap ko ne pata hi nahi k kia install karna h or kia nahi and it is true\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04", "I think this app is amazing and fun but I would not recommend the upgrade.", "first I download this game it was great , after I deleted this game. now I download i got some other's game", "I don't know about this game but I am downloading this game because all the remarks are very good am", "Please put the old version please then i will give five stars", "It is a wonderful it like pic are playing my favorite game of the world", "IT WOUNT LET ME PLAY IT KEEPS KICKING ME OFF.", "It was great, awesome, lovely and super\ud83d\udc4d.Wow \ud83d\ude03 . It was cool \ud83d\ude0e"], "Checkers": ["Good game simple to play. I downloaded for the fact that it has achievemets but im not being rewarded for the achievements that i beat. i played 3 easy matches and i still havent git the achievement of win an easy level. One star because the hole reason of downloading was because of the achievements", "four star coz its not as hard as i expected.....even when playing with Jennifer. but its interesting, keeps me company when km bored", "Great app. Just like the real thing. Love the new board and the new design of the pieces but it would be better still if I could select black for the 'black' pieces.", "it wont let you move the way you want to it only let you move the exact piece", "gets you to look beyonb the odvius . good morning game gets you mind going.", "it's really fun and I like how u can choose easy things like that for like the beginners", "good game but i hate how if you can take a counter you HAVE to.", "hi guys my name is Beilla proxy..... I think that checkers is a very good game really coz it gives you company if you r bored or lonely so l really appreciate you downloading this awesome game THANK YOU\ud83d\ude0e", "not bad, just ugly design.", "I have tons of fun in my downtime!", "belo jogo para se jogar enquanto se d\u00e1 uma ca**da no servi\u00e7o", "I love the game checkers", "It is an awesome app. I like that there are different levels automatically instead of winning to get to the next one.", "Although I enjoy the game very much its too easy. But on gameplay I give it a five", "Recommended has no adds and quick fires no lagging has good pace.", "trump should be impeached.", "It's a good game its just like the board game but I would rather be the blacks", "very challenging, but in the harder games I have more Draws than Wins", "me encanta las damasssssss", "like to play", "great app just won in some new moves really good", "very good game. just wish there was a more interactive game play.", "i loveb it so much", "good, but when do we have a online game?", "always loved draughts- brings back memories \ud83d\ude0a", "quick & easy for a bit of fun", "In fact I'm very impressed by this game", "its a good game i like it", "surprised that I enjoyed it so much.", "Good game, despite of the IA is easy", "i love you guys lol laugh out loud\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc9f\ud83d\udc9e\ud83d\udc9e\ud83d\udc9e\ud83d\udc8e\ud83d\udcff!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "time killer", "what a great game to relax mind and recalculate ...", "beautiful time spending game.", "this game is trash", "great game then i thought.", "awesome game and no ads", "i loose but i love this game", "yes yes yes yes! yes yes yes yes! yes!", "I love checkers. \ud83d\ude0a"], "Hill Climb Racing": ["i am an addict to this game since i started using android ..... i am playing since last 5 years and i dont get bored.. this game is an entertainer .. now the update looks great.. i kindly request the developers to bring more and more updates with many levels and vehicles and more features .... there...Full Review", "This is obviously one of the greatest games for Android, but... BUTT! Okay, u r cool sitting in toilet playing HCR. Suddenly, u get a message. You switch to it and reply, everything's okay. You return to HCR and... IT SHOWS U A BLOODY LOADING SCREEN SAYING ALL YOUR 200K GOLD FROM LAST TACE JUST BURN...Full Review", "they should add more cars because I unlocked everything including garage and levels and I maxed out every cars upgrades and it is getting boring so I deleted it and reinstalled it to restart from scratch hoping you respond and get more cars soon. BEST GAME EVERR!!!", "i had over 200 million coins and lost them all. they refused to fix this problem, it was a fun game but they take away your progress for no reason, it's not worth starting over, i hope no one spends real money on this game, they would probably steal that too", "This was the very first game I downloaded on my phone and love to play it almost every day. The occasional bug is a bit annoying, but this game is still in my top 5", "The game starts good. But going to middle, the jeep is down,again the game is begins from first point its too bad, change this. ex: Jeep is going to 400m,in this point jeep is down,the game is starts from 400m is good thought or giving one chance from that point.Thank u.", "Addicting game. The physics are realistic which makes the experience more pleasurable. Would recommend this game. After fully upgrading the useful vehicles, the practical limits of the software appeared to be reached since no additional progress could be made on the levels and the effort was abandon...Full Review", "I LIKED THIS GAME VERY WELL. I LOVE TO PLAY MOON.WHEN WE ARE PLAYING IN THE STAGE MOON WE CAN JUMP MORE HIGHER FROM GROUND LEVEL DUE TO GRAVITY AND WE CANNOT UNDERSTAND HOW MUCH WE ARE HIGH FROM THE GROUND SO WE MAKE FLIP UNESSARILY OR BY MISTAKELY AND WE WILL BE OUT FROM THE GAME WE HAVE STARTED FI...Full Review", "i think if it had more cars and maps This would be a 10 \ud83c\udf1f \ud83c\udf1f game its to easy to beat the game and when new updates as in different seasons it makes it to where you have to get more cars but by that time its a new update i already have enough for it so be its way to easy needs to be more money aka ...Full Review", "I play this game whenever I get some free time, it's a good mood freshner game. For developers, I would like to say that you should have to add some different music according to the stages. Different music to different stages will make this game more attractive, also some sound addition when vehicle...Full Review", "A GAME LIKE NO OTHER. The longer you play the better you get and yet your still a beginner . go figure. easy enough that I have seen two year olds learn to play and yet is anyone ever a master??", "every freaking time this game updates I lose everything. when I first started this game i unlocked every car and every stage. I had all of my cars maxed out but when it updated I lost all of my progress. some one tell me why that is", "latest update per developer, \"Bug Fixes\" = translated to \"sure, some fixes,but you players aren't clicking enough ads still, so here's an occasional \"in your face ad\" when you start the app, maybe the others are too small to click on and we want to help you get the most from this game\"", "gcyf5ftdtdtftftdtdtdtfycjchfyfyf said it would not have to pay the money to the government to help with a deal for a single currency that could have a significant effect in its future as a result and that the government would have been willing for a more substantial reduction in oil output from its ...Full Review", "it was a good game i like play i was open hot Rod and like this game my father big brother also playing this game he also open hot rod iam saying adout hot rod:It RPM Full Bosst is also full", "great game i downloaded it and i cant stop playing it but could you please send me cash to my account i really want to buy cash but my mom wont let me but overall its a good game", "I had this game on my phone for over 3 1/2 years. I loved it, I had every level, and every car. Best game I ever had. But I got a new phone and lost everything. Downloaded it again and it won't hardly work.", "It was a little pricie but a realy great game. I looked at other ratings saying they hated it, but i think they are wrong", "not sure why but all my progress has been erased when i installed it again, kinda sad really, i had so much unlocked, is there a fix for this?", "good controls,good gameplay,and good graphics so thos game is amazing i really liked it. i am happy because this game is very nice and very adractive i really liked it please download this game this game is very nice please trust me this game is super please support and download and share with your ...Full Review", "I love this game you have to start with slow stuff. You have to earn credits to build your car or truck or tank and make it faster", "super 'best but make more thing to earn money. give hit how to do perfect filp and all .put internal petrol .make garage for all the vehicals", "offline game for you to do when your waiting for something but its actually a fun compared to most time waster or small simple games i love playing it :)", "This is a very fun and challanging game. I just love to drive in the bus/van, It makes me feel as if I were taking someone somewhere.\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude0a", "This game better than all racing game I like this game very much. I am saying to maker of this game i really love and like this game so, I am requested to you make another game like this game.", "Mom and I are going to the game on Saturday so we will see you there in drafts of the game was good Christmas time with my son is eye's the brewery tour for basketball game tonight 8iuhhhhhh", "its super dope and fun man this game is addicting bro it just need new cars thats all but other than that i like this app so so so much!", "I love the game it's a great way to pass the time but I got a new phone and I tried syncing to the new device and its keeps telling me I have to many synced devices", "this games gets stopped working when i tap ok in eula page. please help me. i lost all my Coins and gems. please fingersoft.", "do not upgrade forks on chopper it makes them about 12 ft long and bike stands to straight up 1 Dont waste your coin on the hover craft its useless even with upgrades to easy to stand on back end then cant make it come back down just balances there 2 dont upgrade the flip on the motorcycle it works ...Full Review", "sucked never download distorted my phone I hate this game not realistic at all absolutely bad sucked butt worst game ever", "it's terrible DO NOT DOWNLOAD I smashed my phone cause this game I've been stuck on a level for 6 months!!! \ud83d\ude21", "menu buttons dont work after opening the game. only way to exit is to switch off the phone.", "Why is gas spent based on distance travelled instead of only when the pedal is held down. Dumb", "disappointed I lost all my cars and achievements, for some reason can't restore them", "Update: Cannot get the game to even start, always crashes once it loads", "Mid Jed need didn't djndhddfyu fungus CCB CV BC if he said I would have never had any way we were talking Tom a new number \ud83d\udcaf kmdnd give \ud83d\udc4d give them in if it im No me sale \ud83d\udcb0 until you want me know that was my love me but he didn't know you want up uwiu yeah I'm a good one UI I it hobo did Jonah Jo...Full Review", "Seasons and Highway both lag bad with Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, please fix!!", "At first it was really fun but then it would never load i restarted phone and unistalled and re installled the app and it never loaded!", "The game has lots of good levels, graphics and cars! I kinda would like some new cars, though."], "Score! Match": ["It's a different type of football game which is fun but could be a 5 star game. You don't have full control of the players you just gamble on a choice to pass or press with a defender. Which is fine but you make the right pass and the player run off were they like or if you lose the ball your player...Full Review", "Latest update ruined the game AGAIN!. for some reason everything is now half speed it used to be. They also nerfed a few players. For instance a speedster with 44 speed up against an explorer with 22 no matter what the explorer will get there first..... Long time player of this game. Very dissapoint...Full Review", "I would only trust this thing isn't rigged if I could play against a friend near me, like Wi-Fi gaming no? Who cares about someone 6000km from us.... I want to play with my rival... You incompetent bunch... at this point it gives me the games that don't matter and effs me UP in the important ones......Full Review", "Good game up until a point. Player running algorithm is jacked. Youll have a straight shot to opponent goal and he will turn around to pass backwards. Opponents slide tackle every play making it IMPOSSIBLE to move the ball, completely unrealistic. Defense always has the upper hand for a high ball re...Full Review", "I love this game very much umm yes there are some bugs but i also know nobody is perfect in this world. You have done such a great job. Great work great game also i love the commentary. My request is . . . please! add extra time\ud83d\ude11 at least 5 or 10 seconds please. if the match tied. I hope this reque...Full Review", "great game, but I don't think the maker's actually know anything about football. your opponent can slide tackle you all day even in the penalty area, but if you do it it's more often a free-kick to opponent", "The game itself has a buggy algorithm to decide what should happen in the game. Therefore often your players are running like cooked chicken in the game. Very unrealistic, idiots.", "I really like this game, but the last update has made the play really bad. The speadster seem to just keep running to their own goal. Ever one seems to make runs directly at an opponent, which result in a successful tackle. Players dribble directly into the defense leading to easy tackles. Fowards s...Full Review", "Excellent \ud83d\udc4c However the one thing thats annoying me... i think that you should be able to pass the ball to anybody in your team, rather than having that little box. But still game is good.", "Been seeing this a lot lately. My player's just standing there with the ball in front of him, and he lets the opponent take it. Doesnt even move. And the criteria for penalty or even free kicks are so random. Some obvious fouls are not given and some of the cleanest tackles are awarded a free kick o...Full Review", "It's a very fun game but it requires skill and practice I haven't encountered any bugs so far and it feels just like Score hero good job first touch!", "Changed from 3 stars to 1. Was an ok game but get to a certain level and you just keep losing then it will let you win a couple then you keep losing again.....fixed", "Why is this speedster always try to go towards the goal to strike and tackled everytime?This is a only a big problem.He never gives passes to the othere striker.He always think that he is only a hero.This is only a fact in this update.", "Its a well deserve game..everyone should try it once..i'm so addicted with this game.. Controls are also ok..but it shouldn't let to decline your stars rating..you have to again win to keep up your stars..thats irritating.!!", "loved this game when first started playing but becoming a joke the more you play it. The game decides if your going to win or not as your shots go no where near where you aim them big improvements needed.", "WASTE I AM A GREAT OF THIS GAME AT PAST BUT NOW WHEN I A PLAYED CELEBRATION TOURNAMENT LEVEL 2 - 6 I GOT ONLY LEVEL 6 AND 5 PLAYERS I AM A LEVEL 4 PLAYER HOW CAN I WIN BUT I WON TWO OUT OF 6 IMPROVE IT", "Fifa 19 for mobile, handicap momentum all included so if you want to lose for no reason, and see you players doing a back step when they indicate that they are going forward, also unexplicable own goals, download this game you will love it seriously it gets worse with each update im getting off the ...Full Review", "More errors how can a player moves a boy straight his opponent and get tackle...you should fix that problem dude", "i made an in-app purchase and it didnt go through, it charged me twice before it says i already own the item. I still cant get it. Please fix", "it's a very bad game how speedster lose every ball and run towards hisgoalkeeper every ball I lose how it's avery bad game my advice not to install it", "It is good enough. Some suggestions. Stop upgrading the grafics and give us more freedom with noncaptain players. Add count for the assists. All the best!", "The game is filled with bugs, when reported the response received from the developers helped me take the decision to Uninstall the app asap. Wish I could add screen shots to the email response received. Again this is my experience with the app. Was a fan of this app but no longer.... Uninstalled on ...Full Review", "Top rakipteyken benim oyuncularim sanki donmu\u015f gibi rakibe m\u00fcdahale edemiyor sadece uzaktan tackling yapmaya calisiyor oyuncularim ve rakip \u00e7ok h\u0131zl\u0131 ko\u015fuyor arena 1 de bile hemen tackling yapiyor yada topu aliyor bu ne sa\u00e7malik .benim oyuncularim neden rakibe ge\u00e7 m\u00fcdahale ediyor yada seyrediyor oyu...Full Review", "too much rage quitting. Devs need to sort it out by penalising people", "Good idea bad practise ... bad control and no artificial intelligence ... Need more updates", "Not working for me ..When I open the game automatically it goes to training exercise 6 after that it coming same only ... kindly Update new", "this game is a joke the results are picked before you play so no matter what you do you lose or win before the game is over its just a scam to get your money", "this is hands-down the soccer game I keep coming back to. great graphics, head to head matches in real time, battling competition, only downside is limited camera control otherwise 5stars.", "they are nerving your player after your team doing really well, i had possitive winning game last month until this week my player getting weak, my lvl 7 speedster got beaten by opponent lvl 6 explorer, lool like this game forcing you to buy their gem. \ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e", "It's my daily routine now and nothing else yo say, truly wonderful experience", "100% sure that this game is scripted! just left a game where all my 6 shots were at the crossbar. the opponent's only shot against me was a goal, with 10 seconds left to go. It looked like I was supposed to lose. It is a fun game at times, but completely nonsense at others.", "Your AI is soo.. bad. Why would a player run away from the ball while defending", "its terrible when it gets to writing the name you write the name and then it dosent let you submit", "I like it, even though the AI isn't predicting my intentions for gaming.", "just love it..... probably best in world... just I expect that the controls of goalkeeper and anything else should be in our own will... Baki Sab ekdam kadaaaaaaaaaak\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18", "at last after tons of useless updates the game is back good again cheers ps. don't update the game again xD", "Reduce 4 star to 2 Star, After update game is worse now", "u need to buy the packages, otherwise winning is very difficult...", "great game but still too many glitches!", "why can speedster lose from exploreler ? this update was really bad"], "Stormfall: Saga of Survival": ["Hey! This game is the BOMB! The travel time do not consume much. It's gonna be more amazing if you can plant trees in your home and add trading zones into this game like a common place. It would be fun if there's some kind of pvp like arena or coop missions. The cinematic is good on the beginning of...Full Review", "Good game. Probably the best crafting game available in playstore right now. It combines old school rpg dungeon crawler elements with crafting and developing bases, hopefully towards PvP endgame. At least that's what it seems like at first look. It's obviously a hardcore grinding game and so far I'm...Full Review", "The game has timers for crafting and moving about on the map but they are not those really annoying kind most mobile apps have - they are really well integrated into the game. the controls work smooth, and are very easy to pick up as well as the ai. My only problem with the game, though very minor, ...Full Review", "This gane is amazing! it's adventure after adventure! challenging and crafty! the pictures do no justic; the game is sooo much better than you'd think! i would change some things about it like visiting other exiles and being able to search for a name or clan and you'd be able to see where they are. ...Full Review", "This is a genuine opinion, the game in its entirety is fun. it's a grind for resources at the start but feels rewarding once you gain the materials you need for upgrades. Games sill needs a few things for me such as having levels to my base (upper, lower and basement levels) implementation of gear/w...Full Review", "holy caca this is fun. super easy the only thing that i dont like (and it may change as you level up, idk yet) is not being able to repair your gear. game play fun and easy, graphic and sound are really nice. overall this is everything i was looking for in a game of this type. thank you !!HA!! new u...Full Review", "after reading some other reviews here i am shocked. Firstly, this game does not in anyway require you to spend money, its completely optional, everything available to buy, you can find by exploring. been playing a couple months, love the game, its remarkably good. frequently updates. the drop rate f...Full Review", "UI is clear and nice to see. I love the fantasy medieval world atmostphere in the game. Support many languages but I just wish you guys could add Japanese, my friends wanna play it so bad. And maybe a choice to organize items in your bag and your chest, please? Keep up your good work!", "Normally wouldn't write a review but my god this game has blown me away! I absolutely love every aspect of it! I was looking for a game to rival runescape and this is the best I've found. The game is quite new though and as such pvp and raiding other bases hasn't been added yet - I'm not sure how th...Full Review", "OK, I'll be a little more detailed as I've played it a bit more. Firstly, the controls are well done. Secondly, I love that you can choose gender, other survival games only have one gender(Male), I know it doesn't particularly matter on gender but I just like that you can choose. Thirdly, i love the...Full Review", "love this game and finding it brilliant. Most games have pvp and im glad this hasnt as i hate pvp. Of course if added that is fine, but would be nice if optional and can turn it off. Reminds me of ultima online with better graphics and a dragon quest builders twist to the game. Will defo purchase it...Full Review", "Amazing game.. cool crafting, battles and graphics.. However would love to be able to see like a timeline of events.. eg dying and how \ud83d\ude02 because i just died when i left my screen running... and i thought i would be safe, but i wasnt so i died and was hoping there was a way to see how.. if it was st...Full Review", "1 star just because of the intro into the game ai like that it is telling us why we are in the eastern marches having to survive on our own, lovely controls and gameplay extremely fun to play, even when just starting the game exa. when I started there was a crashed caravan that gave me a good headst...Full Review", "I love this game and it has amazing graphics and high quality art!! it's almost as good as the computer rpg games which is an awesome feat for mobile! I would do 5 stars but I'm a little hung up on a few things. -1. Armour and Weapons wear out too quickly. I'd appreciate it if they were either sturd...Full Review", "so I am changing my rating from a one star to a three! I love the direction they are moving with keeping to the games roots my wife and I still play but I had stop for a while sense I felt it became a pay to play. Sense starting back I have noticed a major removal of things that didn't enhance game ...Full Review", "Its ok. Great graphics and runs fantastic. The ideas behind it seem solid. Unfortunately it is very tedious by design. The game economy has a hard entropic curve for weapon and armor crafting. Even the reward system for finding and learning better recipes for higher durability require even more hard...Full Review", "Beatifully made game. Enjoyed it immensely.... until I decided to support the creators of the game by paying to become a premium member, only to find out, after making my monetary contribution, that premium membership only lasts 5 days. Feel like it would have been very easy to make that little stip...Full Review", "Great survival game! It's a grind, but what survival game isn't? One of my favorite things is IT'S NOT ENERGY BASED! So no waiting for energy points to refresh. The crafting system is good and overall gameplay is fun. If you build a structure though, you can't move it. You must destroy it and build ...Full Review", "Its a good game but I think we should be able to tame the wolves in some areas... travel a littlr further with out so many restrictions.. kinda hard to collect things you need. but overall a really great game.. im hooked. you dont need energy to travel wich is great!!", "This is one addictive game! If you like hunting, gathering and building..this is a game for you. The graphics is fantastic. You will never run out of things to do because of the timed respawning/replenishing of dungeons, camps and other foraging areas. Internal chat function for world, region and cl...Full Review", "Great game. Nice graphic. Even there is no tutorial, its easy to play. Youll learn as you play & by chatting with other more xp players. Only wish that there is a market place for players to sell, trade rss with others or maybe do auction for special / rare items. Just a suggestion. Anyway, its a gr...Full Review", "I love this game because I don't have to worry about pvp when high level's take advantage of lower level one. And I would like to see more different types of monsters to fight if possible. The only thing is that there is way touch hey and nothing else to hardly get in order to get a horse.", "Overall a great game. Just a few suggestions though. I'm level 12 now and I hope that the logs and stones respawn after a while since it's difficult for a low level like me to roam around at the moment. Also, please include crafting repair hammers in the next update, it's also hard to keep on crafti...Full Review", "This game has been so far the best survival game I played thus far for android. The story is interesting and tbe gamellay is very creative. I really do enjoy this game what you can do in it, such as to gather, craft, fight to survive and be in ckntact with other players. I give the developers my com...Full Review", "my only issue is the targeting system. trying to open a container/corpse that's next to another can be frustrating at times. other than that small irk, LOVE the game. One of the best of the genre. I like the amount of craftable items and clothing. and taming!! cant wait to get a wyvern...", "update. upgraded from a 4 to a five stair. I play often and enjoy the game. I even made a 2nd character on another platform. I recommend the game to all I know. if I could humbly make a suggestion to the developers. it would be nice to have special areas open up like the Christmas one. something to ...Full Review", "smooth game that isn't pay to win. you can get everything free 2 play. recommended as it is easy to play and engaging Edit as of jan 7. 2019. I am really enjoying the game and love how active the devs are with updates. One suggestion I have is improving the crafting and upgrading options. maybe make...Full Review", "Amazing! im loving it, having plays other servival games and found progression near impossable. because when you reach a high level theres no more you can do but collect stuff and wait. THIS game lets you keep playing and you dont need to spend money. the pqcks you can buy are worth it also. brillia...Full Review", "It is a rip off to buy any items. Don't buy the so called premium upgrade since it is only a temporary daily rewards upgrade for 5 days. It is not a permanent account upgrade. In terms of game play, it is pretty good but there is no character development other than unlocking and upgrading recipes/cr...Full Review", "Out of all the games I've played in this genre I like this one the most, it was the easiest to pickup. I don't like that the equipent breaks so fast, I also dont like the limited amount of items you are able to put into a stack nor do I like that it takes so much of them to craft with.. almost half ...Full Review", "So far loving the game. 4 stars because some mats necessary to upgrade or build some workstations seem to be VERY rare (I'm looking at you, rivets and sinew) and in some cases doesn't need to be quite so rare (sinew is just tendon, should not be at all rare considering how many animals you kill but ...Full Review", "Enjoying emmensely. Careful not to rush. A little pricey... when you die, difficult to retrieve items, or it costs a lot to rebuild lost items, either time or money or both. I was lone wolfing but likely intended to motivate to band together into clans. I'd call it a survival adventure sim.", "hello game developer i hope the game will run forever like clash of clan. i like the concept of game. it is time killer. but i have a suggestion. maybe someday their are in the game than conquered other base enemy that is amazing if you can do it. we build our base home by looting and crafting. but ...Full Review", "really good game, not giving 5 star because: missions gets repetitive, should be more creatures to fight. love the crafting system. and seriuosly-familiar lvl 90+? c'mon devs! p.s. for some reason i cant.lvl weapons.and armor past 1.star. and really hard to find crafting.components.like sinew", "typical \"fremium\" game. basically built to get you to spend money. not sure if developers are aware, but if you make a decent game and people like it, they will spend money on it, you don't have to put things in the game to try and manipulate people into buying stuff. This game seems like it should ...Full Review", "The Lack of Stamina system and just plain average timed travelling speed is so balanced! It has safemode for raids and you can also go aggressive if you want. Overall? Better than Last day on earth. Cheers!", "Great game. I've played a lot of these survival games. Trialing them. This is probably the least harsh of them all to begin with. Similar system but very smooth but no form of energy so play as much as you want!! No ads so far. Keep it this way and you'll get so much more followers!! 5 stars!!! EZ.", "No over pressured survival game. Things dont break after 10 uses, no constant invasions of whatever on your home, no pvp from gibbering lunatics, and you dont starve or dehydrate every 30 seconds. Well balanced, well done. You can play this and not feel stressed.", "I really liked this game when I started playing it. But now I'm to the point of deleting it. The daily prize is the same exact thing every week. I continue to get the same exact scrolls that I have already learned, I now have to delete the keys because at one point I had close to 30 of them which I ...Full Review", "this is my first proper review for a game; so, please bare with me. the gameplay is easy to learn but the creativity and time the developers put into this is terrifying within its own rights. this is a work in progress game but i have to say this; if you are looking for game with team/s that are int...Full Review"], "La p\u00e9tanque": ["I like the game. Plays well. However, it will not let me go beyond level 26", "Just downloaded, didn't even get the app open and was bombarded by ads. DO NOT DOWNLOAD", "Game not too bad, but people speaking in the background have a northern \naccent. In the south where p\u00e9tanque is played, we don't like this accent. I \nuninstall.", "Multiplayer should work online or at least with another phone on the same WiFi. Other than that it's a good game. Prefer it with a pastis", "When are you going to add more terrains? I'd like to suggest the ai should pick a different boule than player. Is there any plan on tournament mode (online)?", "Love this game, but can't switch to English after latest upgrade. New features would be more fun if I could read instructions.", "Was much better before update. It's lost English and online multi player.", "Love the game and the background comments in French! C'est superbe!", "I like", "The com is to difficult too beat. Game is no fun when you keep losing 7-1 in three tosses.", "Does work on my android tablet.", "Except for distance glitches ,  pretty sure i was cheated a time or two", "\u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u0645\u0646 \u062d\u0627\u0644 \u06a9\u0631\u062f\u0645 \u0628\u0627\u0647\u0627\u0634 \u0633\u0631\u06af\u0631\u0645 \u06a9\u0646\u0646\u062f\u0633", "I was enjoying the game until I had to do a device reset. All progress was lost and I am back at the beginning! Now uninstalled the app.", "Not worth the time.", "Mast time pas", "It very best,easy for understand..", "loved it"], "Flight Pilot Simulator 3D Free": ["missions are kind of hard. but i still completed the whole game", "this is great but I think that in the airplane you should have commands to people on board", "still wish it had cockpit audio", "love dis game", "love this game", "This app is very good in all category .That's why I gave five stars in each area. It is very easy to control and simulation is excellent for a free version. I have paid for some that I end up stop using as they are very sluggish on controls and very poor all together. I wish this can be upgraded to ...Full Review", "Really fun game. Almost all the way thru. Not interested in spending cash, so upgrades took a while and are slow coming. Smart enhancement would be going inside cockpit for better view on final approach. It's difficult, especially with bigger airliners, to properly line up landing. Don't need all th...Full Review", "Reaching Commander level the game task transport 238 passengers to an aircraft carrier!!?? The only plane that fits 238 passengers is a Mc Douglas and it doesnt fit on the aircraft carrier!! It only keeps crashing everytime because the wings hit the control tower of the ship! Not Good! controls are ...Full Review", "Ok flight simulator, not the best but definetely not bad. The physics are a bit weird, but fine. The graphics are okay. But it's pretty much been abandoned by it's creators. I first played this game in 2015 and not much has changed. Same airports same planes, the graphics have changed a little, thou...Full Review", "Nice and easy playable game. The \"missions\" could be more difficult, but ok. 1 minor bug is the fact that the game doesn't work anymore when you select the Glider 808 in Free Flight. Also, big planes often hit the control tower while still on the startgrid.", "I like the game but the physics can be a bit weird, maybe due to the use of accelerometer as the only control. Needs alternative control options (like yoke) and a sensitivity setting would be helpful too. Also need to check some missions in free flight, I was tasked with flying a 169 passengers onto...Full Review", "So many more flight sim games out there, try them then come here and see how pointless and terrible it is. try \"War Wings\" much much much better. only good thing is you can play without internet connection.", "After two flights the app asked me to rate it, so im giving it three stars for now. i don't feel like i have enough game play to give it more stars yet...", "How am I supposed to land a jumbo jet on an aircraft carrier? That's proportionally undersized as it is for the smaller aircraft. Good bit of fun though... Trying to charge \u00a368 for a virtual plane is hilarious by the way", "One of the best games I've ever played. I like the fact it was made simple, so people like me who don't know hardly anything about planes and jets can have fun flying them! Love all the challenges!", "No flight sim is perfect, but this one's the best I've found. Fun missions, good selection of planes, no combat, controls a little simple for an expert simmer but it's relaxing. Love the free flight flexibility to earn $ or just fly around. Could be improved by adding new worlds.", "Im glad to say that the game isnt nearly as dependent on the \"freemium\" business model anymore. Ads have been toned down and the game is easily playable for free. Thanks for that. Cons: The \"packages\" and \"coins\" are LUDICROUSLY expensive. Im not about to drop US$50 for a plane in a phone app. Sorry...Full Review", "This game is good for a gamer who just wants to play an airplane game. but if you want a real simulation of flight than this game is not for you. the exelorator has no reverse thrusters, you do not have control over both engines separately, the brakes are very simple, there is no taxiing, the naviga...Full Review", "sucks. way too hard. horrible handling. why is there not a button you can switch between tilt control and buttons. so fustrating. more like a stress simulator. unninstalled it. guys dont download it it sucks.", "Pay to play. You cannot pass the aircraft carrier mission easily. I have tried mabye 100 times and have not succeeded. When you fail a thing will pop up to tell you to buy a plane. The game recommends you to use that plane for that mission and it costs over 5\u20ac. Other than that the game is fun.", "The game is generally okay but the Collection of $ to Amount required to spend on mandatory plane is not well balanced. Can work on reimproving game controls and functions too.", "Too simple, lacks of a challenge, poor graphics, no alternative controls, only with accelerometer. And the thing that it shows me to buy stuff every few seconds just super annoyes me. Disappointed.", "Finally a flight sim that I can fly on the first try. Controls are easy ( important for us beginners) . The physics seem correct although a bit slow on my tablet. I can & will spend many joyfull hours learning to fly.\ud83d\ude01", "Time killer, but not even close to a simulator. Frequently pushes you to spend money or DL another app. The \"dive race\" is total BS, the computer planes don't even come close to some of the rings, but if you miss one you have to turn back for it. Frustrating to get mission failed because you aren't ...Full Review", "this is a good game but there should be more missions in the free flight and there should be like daily bonuses. I also think that in the free flight there should be like emergencies that if you get out of them then you get extra coins.", "this games feels so empty try it you'll see. and in game purchases are way overpriced a stealth plane cost more money then a ps4 copy of GTA5", "same planes for 5 yrs, same missions, no atc interaction, no cockpit view, no rudder. this is very much so a game vs a simulator. ill rate better if i couldnt beat the game in more than 48hrs after not playing it for 4 or 5 years and nothing,at all has changed or been added or updated(just my phones...Full Review", "I think this is a good game, but the problem I dont like is how much money you need to get the required planes! It is fun otherwise, and also very interesting", "hhuhhl uposthit domestically prophylactically worship decompression zucchini zivi Arco arrest arcu dictum function cy cy elephantine pagol food folder dujon fulcrum forum fifth flux suntuk dictum rugby didi riktigt ridoy ricuh toufik gulo gulo bolbo control funny function thik GVB fb bdg by vcd vcd ...Full Review", "This is my favorite game. I gave this game away to get a different app and almost right away i got it back.", "i do not really like how some things like the jets cost money, i would really like them to be unlockable. now since i havent played much, i do not know if there is a free play mode, if it isnt in the game please add it.", "This game is one of the most addictive games ever its really good and great controls but they should add real houses and buildings instead of junk maps on the ground", "As far as being a proper simulator it falls short. For me, the controls were too easy, and not detailed enough (for example, flaps and tail rotors are absent).", "Latest update (27 Nov),lanscape mode is just on one side. On my case,when I enter free flight,screen is set on left landscape (phone rotate counterclockwise). I could play on right landscape (phone rotate clockwise) before. Please update because I always hit home,menu,and back button when I want to ...Full Review", "Its a great simple app for free. It really has a lot of options and can be played on a phone with a somewhat slow proccessor but the graphics quality are sufficient.", "Liked the app until every level done, nothing new to do for a long time. I get hopeful when there is an update that a new level will appear after all it does say coming soon but it does not. These guys are redefining the meaning of soon.", "its a good game and i really love it. I recommend it to everyone. But can you please make the dive race easier!? Its so dang hard and I cant pass it :(", "Loved the game right now but I was wondering if this game could have a online multiplayer option and to add some action into the game by enabeling the jets and other fighter plans to have the option to use the weapons", "Don't waste your time. the end is near.... just a few hours and your are unable to progress.", "this game is king! I love everything about it it's what first got me into aviation and know I'm abbsessed.(jk) if you want a proper entertaining game get it"], "Offroad Car Drive": ["bhot hi ghtia expireans hai jisne bhi y game bnai hai unko yhi bolunga k game ko hi paid kr dete kam se km data or time to waist nhi hota", "I have never seen a game like this before, i used my data to download this game and they a still demanding for A huge amount and that's salary for 3 months", "It has tones of adds which will make you to quit the game.", "very waste game i lost my data and space dont download please", "bekar game h.. bina paise ke nhi chalta", "you can't cross level 20", "how'll i do.....level 20 plizzz...help...", "kurac od igrice", "\u0907\u0938 \u0908", "nice", "nice", "nice game i like it toooo much graphichs is more nice and different cars available on coins etc I like this game more and more and more \ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c but you wants update this games version more and please accept my this request please love this game and 5 stars for this game i have given.", "time paasing, not really worth of rating", "So bad ads.... Wastage of time... So bad game", "game nice but lot of adds it's bored", "worst game ever.", "THIS GAME IS AWESOME", "awsum and smooth drive game", "very poor. very poor. very poor$$$$$", "very good", "easily out", "nice game", "bekar game", "what the fuc*\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude20", "Very nice", "nice to learn", "nice", "Good", "this game is 2 great but this game have also a free ride", "nice game but needs some improvement", "real best and can see with erissa", "It was so boring", "according to its storage its ok", "garib game bhikhari log", "it's a good game", "hate this game", "thik hai", "fentastic", "mast", "game it"], "VIP Slots Club \u2605 VIP Casino": ["Good game with good payouts. some of the slots are fun, but I do wish it had better bonuses becides wheel spin bonus. Some of the wheel spins aren't very good prizes. Becides that it occupies the time pretty well.", "good so far.. occupies my time when I'm bored", "Now all slots work now 5 stars", "Great fun! Nice game.", "It's really fun and kills time when pooping lmao", "Fun casual slot game. Love it", "It's really fun keeps me busy in down time", "Decent slot experience. Varying BONUS games. Quick loading time. Worth the Download.", "Nicely Done I enjoy it very much Thank you", "Needs more slots", "it is a lot of fun to play. there are great bonus games.", "Great game keep me whating to keep on playing", "Fun game", "Great to see more bonuses in a game", "This game is pretty awesome...good pay outs.....", "The most fun games ever... a must get...", "it's ok", "Fun game", "Great game!!", "Daebak", "Great game", "awesome game", "excellent for this game", "loving the game", "Good", "Great", "kool", "It's a all white game", "Addict", "BEST ONE... WORTH THE 1 BUCK", "Make you di stuff like this for coins", "Suparb app Thank-you", "Great slot needs a few high roller games", "Passes time", "A++", "hours of fun", "Ok", "It's pretty fun and a good way to burn off spare time. Honestly though, I would to lose a little bit more hah", "Sometimes games need 're down loading.. after stole play, and comeback", "V.I.P. Slot Club is a very fun and exciting game with great bonus and payouts. Keep up the good work"], "Solitaire": ["I've only played a few sets of this game and so far it's been a good experience. The app is really responsive and it works great.", "i love the game it help pass the time and make you think and it relaxing and fun i play it all the time.", "while 'cycling' at home, a solitaire like this makes you forget you are exercising", "Easy to play really like it's", "enjoyable i like it you try", "easy to play anywhere", "very nice game, I enjoy it...", "I love it", "Good....", "fantastic game", "fun and simple", "Not good. After the latest update the game started freezing. Originally just the game froze. Later it froze my entire phone requiring a hard reboot.", "Love the game. hate the ads", "Very addictive. I can spend hours playing. Great game", "This game teaches u to be patient, and be very wise in choosing.", "It keeps m mind busy I love it", "N\u00e3o tem nada pago \ud83d\udcb0 eu amo joga que n\u00e3o s\u00e3o gan\u00e2nciossos", "I wish there was a draw 2 but it's draw 1 then draw 3.", "It foes not move smoothly", "To pass time; helps one keep alert", "Its nice it keep me very busy I can play it anytime", "I like it alot.", "This game is nice when u practice it and if u win it attracts u more .so i like this game", "I have only played solitare.", "I loved this game", "Fine to relax and time pass", "I love this games", "The game is the best", "Very nice game", "Great way to fill in time while waiting.", "It is ok game", "Nice classic game. No intrusive commercials.", "Awesome game", "Lots of fun", "Not bad.", "Funny", "A great solitaire", "Like this one", "Good game", "Set"], "Skat": ["amazing game; the computer players are great to fill some time and experiment with new Strategies, the online with friends function works great, well deserved 5 stars", "Es ist ein sehr intelligentes Spiel. Besser kann man es kaum programmieren. Aber es nerven die immer gleichen Kommentare. Keine Abwechselung. Das waere einfach zu aendern... Sonst habe ich kaum etwas auszusetzen... Es nerven noch 2 Dinge. Wenn 2 Spieler sagen sie passen, dann kann der 3. nicht sagen...Full Review", "Gerade der Skattrainer ist interessant. Ich w\u00fcrde vorschlagen, eine st\u00e4rker gef\u00fchrte Variante einzubauen - manchmal muss man schon ein wenig raten. Das ist nur ein Verbesserungsvorschlag, da der Rest immens gelungen ist, trotzdem 5 Sterne. Edit: Gro\u00dfe Klasse, dass mehr Bock und Schieber Ausl\u00f6ser erg...Full Review", "Recht gut, w\u00e4re nur besser wenn man online gegen BELIEBIGE Gegner spielen k\u00f6nnte :)", "Tolles spiel!", "very good setup, good choice of options. ads kind of annoying and obstructing view", "Gutes Spiel. W\u00fcrde mir w\u00fcnschen, dass man gegen Spieler online spielen kann. Vielleicht kommt es bald", "game is fun AI is decent just the long commercials in between are super annoying.", "Great!!", "First class implementation of the game of Skat. Wonderful training exercises, challenging computer play and interesting features for training and analysis.", "Sehr sch\u00f6ne skatapp, ich spiele seit vielen jahren regelm\u00e4\u00dfig und diese app h\u00e4lt mich auf... trapp ;)", "I like it", "Kills time", "Nice", "Is great way to get up to speed with Skat again. I used to play with some of the best when I was young, but that stopped. I am relearning with this great app to get to somewhere decent again. Very pleasant app, but as a German in the U S for a long time now, I have to relearn the German Skat or card...Full Review", "Love the game play - it's very realistic. Would love to see an English card \ndeck as it's a bit confusing using the traditional decks.", "Die Werbung nervt. Ich bezahle gerne um sie abzuschalten. Aber momentan gibt es dazu keine M\u00f6glichkeit.", "Best Skat implementation on android.", "Good to have an English language option for this wonderful game. Would be \neven better if the tutorials were in English too!", "Zum skat lernen perfekt. Skatinsel ist auch zu empfehlen.", "Nice app", "Werbefreie Version w\u00e4re super!", "Exceptional game - graphics and gameplay are excellent, game options are \nrobust, extremely entertaining.", "Es hat keinen Zweck, man spielt immer gegen den Computer. F\u00fcr Alleinspiele \nok, aber als Gegenpartei ist das Programm im Miteinander einfach furchtbar. \nWerbung nervt, was sollen 30 sec. Trailer f\u00fcr irgendwelche anderen Spiele \ndenn bei einem Skatspieler erreichen?", "It's what should be expected from a game of it's type, but also has the \nstrategy trainer, which raises it above the rest", "Love the app! Is there a way to set the strategy trainer to English?", "I like it but it has too many adverts", "Nice to play. Game on", "Unten meine urspr\u00fcngliche Bewertung.  Jetzt auf 5 Sterne aufgewertet weil die letzte Aktualisierung alle Problemchen behoben hat.  Vielen Dank!   Gef\u00e4llt mir sehr gut.  3 Sterne weil das online Spiel sehr z\u00e4hfl\u00fcssig l\u00e4uft (Nokia 5; Android 7.1) und weil das Programm nach der letzten Aktualisierung n...Full Review", "Just got the update with the option of analysis and training games, great improvement, lots of fun. Well done!", "Nice app but the video advertisement sucks your data plan dry in no time", "Das neue Training von Daniel ist top", "Kartenverteilung deutlich verbessert und naeher an der Realitaet.", "Good app with an acceptable amount of advertisement.", "Passt einfach super. Der Lehrer ist auch super", "Kaum schmieren!", "Enjoy playing against computer.", "Latest update won't let me connect with friends online", "Wird nicht langweilig und die App hat mir geholfen mein Spiel zu verbessern.", "Lately improved strength, but still too many mistakes in team play..."], "Eternium": ["THIS GAME IS SO FUN! JUST ONE THING IT'S LACKING...CO-OP MULTIPLAYER. U SHOULD REALLY ADD THAT BECAUSE I THINK THAT IT WOULD REALLY TRANSFORM THE GAME, AND MABEY ADD A PVP TOO IF U CAN. CAN U ALSO BE ABLE TO FULLY CUSTOMISE THE COLOR OF YOUR ARMOUR AND WEAPONS/COMPANIONS. THANK YOU IF YOU READ THIS ...Full Review", "Wasn't sure I wanted to get into this. But it's a very fun and an enjoyable experience. Have to watch 30 sec ads to get 5 gems often (it's optional, but even declining takes up time and is an interruption). Gems are used for everything. I would've honestly rather paid $5 or something. However, the g...Full Review", "Awesome game, but recipes for the new crafting system are bought using gems. While still not pay-to-win, it is veering too close to scummy practices. I think you all need to take a step back and look at both your great game and your business model. Decide what practices you want to represent; set an...Full Review", "I really like this game. I play it on my phone and on my pc with windows 10. I just wish it was playable on older versions of pc. Yes did takes germs but you can build them up eventually by choosing to watch short ads. I have found that the game balance is off for damage.", "Best free rpg on Google play, bar none. The spellcasting system is really inovative and makes spells fun to cast. My only gripe is that several things, like level up your skills must be done online, which is annoying for those without ready access to wifi. I'm currant playing the new update and am r...Full Review", "trying to input email, name etc and it is like pulling teeth. why so hard to input letters? didn't even bother going further.", "game is based off spending gems to quickly advance one's character; however, this is completely optional and is not required to play. great truly free game to pass some time.", "Good graphics, easy controls, very repetative gameplay. Back ground graphics are good Crashes every few minutes, gets annoying to play. ## Update Nov 018 - still crashing every few minutes, yes it's free but should be reasonabily stable ## new update Dec 2018 new game play , still crashing ## new up...Full Review", "Love it. I've played other games like this, just wish you had a help guide or a small tutorial to get you started especially with making items and jewelry. Great game play and I love how the ads work...watch a video to earn gems, our option, thanks.", "separated the functions of selling inventory and stash inventory creating unncessary tedium and hassle now i have to travel back and forth for crafting all items, changing heroes, between levels and moving items", "at first when i installsd it, my network made an error while it was connecting to my profile. months later, after a reinstall i have no problems and can finally play the game. i love it.", "Its a great game. Ive been playing for the past three months now and have hit level 70 and moved on to champion levels. I love how it is a similiar idea to Diablo 3. Some ideas you could touch up into eternium though, like follower equipment, treasure goblins. The little things could greatly improve...Full Review", "Like the drawing on screen to use skills. Only problem is the ton of rare item drops.", "pretty fun so far. the controls take getting used to. the ad presence is a totally optional choice and watching a 15-30 sec video for 5 gems.", "great game but i CANT PLAY OFFLINE ive booted up on wifi, waited for the download etc played the game but the second i boot it up on airplane mode i get hit with \"the game cannot start offline without downloading all of its content first please connect to the internet and try again\" WHAT CONTENT DO ...Full Review", "Having a great time creating new items and kicking butt. This game literally eats up time while I'm having a blast, time really does just fly bye.", "Excellent Adjustability in Graphics from Old School to Awesomeness! Game play is Easy and well thought out, terrain and details in environments are Superb, I hate comparing Games to Diablo 2 or 3 BUT... this is TOP NOTCH! I am Glad they have Games like this now that bring back the Classics semi 3rd ...Full Review", "absolutely brilliant game - would be better if you could change difficulty upone finishing one full rounf instead of five - new character would be awesome , aside that fantastic game", "Actual gameplay review! Ethernium, choose between warrior, mage or gunslinger(Archer) and get rdy to play a simplified yet practical hack n' slash with lots of content, no stat juggling required just go out and enjoy beating on goons, champions, bosses and hordes of enemies with sweet loot and a cra...Full Review", "Absolutely amazing! addicted in the first 5. well done! I can't wait to see how you guys improve with updates", "Really fun game. It can be played offline too, so I sometimes play it on the go. I recommend it to anyone who's into rpg's and doesn't mind the low quality art style (in my opinion, I kind of like the old school look). Grinding isn't too boring either. 5 stars", "Eternium is a really balanced dungeon crawler of the Diablo type (isometric) with three classes, however the warrior does not scale with the others once you hit the level cap. would be good if there were more 'dungeon key' encounters, but otherwise a solid mobile game that is easy on GPU resources e...Full Review", "Enjoyable game that is not obnoxious with ads. Visuals look great & it performs well on this non-gaming tablet. Lots of freebies & good rewards for purchase along with modest rewards for watching ads. Glad to support devs that work like this. Only played for a week & so far, it seems like I'll be pl...Full Review", "Overall...the game is DA BOMB...only lacks multiplayer..but overall..fun AS HELL!!! Keep up the good work!!", "Amazing game, love it to bits. I beat the game on all difficulties and five stars, now we need more content :D", "Phone keyboard does not work in game so had to install the Gboard app to create an account. Buying items in game asks me to add payment card details even though the card is saved on my Play account.", "Great game. I like the spell/ability system. However, it is hard to just tap sometimes, so I keep accidentally casting spells. I also wish that they didn't have chests of paid only loot, constantly increasing in cost. All in all, 4/5.", "great game. very addicting. best is no pay to win. Crystal's are used to pay for certain things but acquiring Crystal's is done through regular game play", "just returned to the game after a long absence new world which is cool but my storage is gone as are my inventory upgrades which I spent gems on I'll try the new world out but never gonna spend again if he going to take my upgrades", "great game, ide like to see this game grow into something more, it has the potential to. awesome game, great job to the developers. imo it's better than diablo 3 and I'm a huge old school blizzard fan.", "so far seems pretty interesting and its single player nature means there is no real p2w since you advance at your own pace", "From the start you will enjoy this. So much fun and nostalgia to the genre. In app purchases but not a money grab. 6/5 for a mobile game. Looking forward to new zones.", "Great game all together but you shouldn't have to pay gems to delete a character, or make rings and necklace's at the Jeweler", "I want my stormblade re-offer. Because i missed the first chance.", "bbrilliant but the facile will not understand the nuances.", "Great game but desperately needs a multiplayer co op matchmaking aspect.", "try to improve the grafix of the game little more and everything is fine", "i hope you can change control, or add a setting option, for the popular movement/skill buttons for the L&R thumbs.", "So far its been fun controls are easy crafting is fun. I hope in the future we can build a base ourselves.", "great game , reminds me of diablo2.. if you are not pressed for time ads are an easy way to get in game gems"], "The Sims\u2122 Mobile": ["I've updated my review and gave it 5 stars it's a great game, I've always loved playing the sims and this is the best version for the mobile. A few things though that would help make it even better is taking the party cap off from 2 a day to unlimited. And making a chat bar available so you can chat...Full Review", "I really like the game. I love how I get to see my sims working and I make them do the work tasks. I would add 1 star if you didn't limit us on how many times we can recharge our energy. And I would add the last star if you let us build up the tasks instead of waiting until one task is finished to g...Full Review", "I love this game! Its the perfect mobile life simulator! This game tries to put the sims in quick, fun, creative way. Spoiler, it does that and better! i found this game entertaining and relaxing to play. Customization is phenomenal. The only problem I would say that REALLY gets on my nerves, is sim...Full Review", "I love this game and it is an amazing way to escape reality! There is just one thing, time standards for events. Like the wedding event. You have about two days to get everything done, including about 3-5 7hr activities. We (the players) have to sleep and go to work/school. I offten feel stressed wh...Full Review", "The Sims 4 on your phone. The game is missing alot of features in it's current state, but im hoping for the future updates to bring them to the table. Sim creation here is really good compared to freeplay and the interactions are more engaging. Pets can be a big step up if it's added in, And also th...Full Review", "can you please make it to where we can sell our home items we dont want anymore? i wanna upgrade my kitchen but dont want all my now appliances and cabinets sitting in my storage. i wish the storage was more organized too. would be awesome if the tasks wasnt to stressing to do. i remember you used t...Full Review", "I wish the people looked more like they do in Sims 4 because I can't get that app and wish I could. Also why you shouldn't have to reach a level to have a baby with someone?? It should be easier. I like how you can complete dates without doing anything though. If you could fix one thing I would want...Full Review", "Personally I love this game. I know it's very different from the computer game and that's cool by me! i just wish there was more details; like pattern options and more choices of entertainment/ hobbies. The collection stuff in sims 4 is sweet. though you can kind collect trophies I miss collecting o...Full Review", "It's a very good game, I just wish that events took less time- or you have more energy to work with. I also think you need to start out with more SimCash, and- Don't worry, last one- It needs to be a lot easier to get married and have kids. People don't like to spend hours and hours, even days, just...Full Review", "Really fun and addicting, buuut some parts make the game hard to play. More clothes, land expansions, rooms, differently shaped rooms, more stories, furniture, etc costs a pretty penny. It would be cool if it just charged gold, or at least had an option to pay gold instead. But they often charge wit...Full Review", "Awesome like sims but every thing to long. Don't make it hours plus you reset things that took TO LONG to make. I LOVE animals. You made adoption for one to much Sims cash! Make it coins and like 150 sims COINS. Or make an different FREE thing to say! a surprizing choice should be CANCLED. upgrade f...Full Review", "I love the sims games and I've been playing the sims since I was a child. I was so excited to see both this game and the sims freeplay in the Google play store. I love that this game incorporates Bella Goth from the older sims games, but I wish they would have included more mysteries and memorable c...Full Review", "love the game, not particularly fond of the energy system though. and I dont particularly like how long it takes to do things either. we dont have time limits on the actual sims. why would we on phones? like I have a life outside of my phone, but I do enjoy this game. but other than that, I dont hav...Full Review", "I love this game it's very fun an addicting. But there is one thing I'd just like to put out there. There is events you can do buy they can last up to 7-8 HOURS, as in REAL LIFE hours. Please fix this. I think this app deserves a 5 star rating otherwise.", "I love this game a lot! Theres only 1 thing that really bothers me and that is that you cant get rid of stuff in your storage. It drives me and my OCD crazy! I really wish they would fix this so that we could sell it or trash it or something. But other then that its fun and creative and doing events...Full Review", "This is a very nice game, and addictive. The mobile version just differ ALLOT from either the playstation or pc game. Get rid of the limited energy and let our sims go to work on their own. The other thing I do not like, is that from the beginning you cannot build a family. I would liked to be able ...Full Review", "I love this game only problem is after I say I don't want to retire it keeps asking me too, and once theres two hours left of llamazoom I get a notification every five or ten minutes. I dont want to turn the notifications off because I want the other ones like when my sims are done at work. but this...Full Review", "recently the game is fine and good but there are some things you need to improve and add to the game, such as pet, stairs/2nd floor, ability to control sims such as being able to move out sims we play, also lot of people wants to sell stuff they don't need anymore. i think you need to focus on that ...Full Review", "EDIT. Was satisfied with EA's help to at least restore part of my progress, but the latest update has me angry again. Part of what I love about the sims is that once you purchase something, you can make it any color you like. But you TOOK THAT AWAY when you locked color options behind payments. Sims...Full Review", "I haven't been getting any new pack offers for a while now. My sister got the Day of the Dead pack offer for Halloween and the free holiday gift pack for Christmas while my Featured hasn't displayed anything but the Uptown Chic pack that has been sitting on it for several months now. Could there be ...Full Review", "A very nice game, but.... i love this game. i love the sims in general. but i downloaded this game to PLAY it, not just sit and watch my sim for 8 hours whilst they are doing an event! the whole idea of energy isn't very good either, because i either have to spend all my sincash or wait for ages whe...Full Review", "The special quests take too long to complete and out of all of them Ive only been able to complete one. You would have to play this game all day every day to successfully complete a quest and who actually has time for that? I guess I would have to quite my job and ignore my kids to progress some of ...Full Review", "So far it's quite fun! And it doesn't force you to wait stupid amounts of time to complete an action, by playing with your sims you can make the event times shorter and shorter. Its like a pocket version of the PC game and only a few things have been cut from it. this is definitely the most fun mobi...Full Review", "I rarely make a review, this one really need a review, good review. There is so much limited features than PC version, but yeah, this is just a mobile game. Microtransaction is a normal things in EA games, especially mobile one. But, again, this is just a mobile game and the more i play it the more ...Full Review", "I love how you can use your imagination. Like it's real life! Very fun game I recommend it! I love that you can build houses, get married, and even have children! The only thing I'm struggling about is having money. You should give us more options with the money. But, other than that I love it! - Yo...Full Review", "it took some getting used to after playing sims freeplay, but i like it. it is a nice leisurely game that doesn`t require time excessive amounts of time. the graphics are terrific and i'm constantly learning new things to do. my only issue is that quests may require spending lots of money, but the r...Full Review", "Please place an update or fix as there are some phone models which is not suitable for this game and it is quite infuriating, for example I am using a Huawei Nova 3i and the app would not allow me to press the game button functions and I cannot play this game. This is a great game I just hope more p...Full Review", "EA has once again demonstrated their greedy side. The new update sucks! If you want to buy an item, you have to now purchase colors individually! What a rip off. You're simply driving your custumers away. EA, back to the drawing board you go, you filthy greedy bunch!", "I love the game, but why on earth do you have to pay for different colors of clothes and other things?! That is absolutely terrible! I understand that this causes people to buy more, but it doesn't make sense to buy something then have to pay the exact same price if you want different colors, especi...Full Review", "I really love this game, but can I ask you something? Why is it when you watch TV and you HAVE a couch, why do your sim stand up? And why is it when you try to eat and you have a dining table and chair but your sim stands up. If you can please change it that you can you please make it so sims sit do...Full Review", "I'm not sure if to others this is happening also .... like when I'm trying to click some point tab to do my quest or to buy some home furnitures/etc. while in the game but it doesn't work. It only works if im going to click only the other side of that exact point tab.. not sure if its just a bug... ...Full Review", "Shouldn't be called The Sims, it's a totally different, and worse, gameplay. EA, why don't you make a true The Sims for mobile? The same gameplay that the PC version offers. Then sell it for whatever price you like, I don't care. If the problem is that it'd be \"heavy\", then you can port TS1 to mobil...Full Review", "Game is really cool and neat. But when ever I try the baby project it needs alot more time to do because the tasks are really long I don't feel like spending g all that money on cupcakes and it says takes 3 days but the time li it is 2 days.", "Addicting/fun then depressing. I absolutely disagree with guilt tripping players into spending actual money on in game purchases. During gameplay \"random events\" occur and a prompt appears to spend a certain amount of coins or cash to help a fellow sim. The amount is always over what I can afford. O...Full Review", "Get ready for micro-transaction mania!! Want a hairstyle? Pay for each color! Want a rug? Pay real money for sims bucks to buy that rug! I would have happily paid 9 or 10 dollars to have access to the actual full game instead of the game begging me to pay 17.99 to expand my house lot. The activities...Full Review", "I wish there was some way you could sell items you no longer need or want. Like when you update from a 1 star object to a 3 star object. I no longer need the 1 star object but it stays in my house storage box forever. My storage now has hundreds of items and to find 1 item, say a seasonal item, I ha...Full Review", "It sucks because i uninstallef it so i could download another app and it deleted all my game data. You guys should make it so you have to make an account when you first play. I lost all my money and account. I was on level 23 and it took me like 500 years just to finish all the baby quests. This suc...Full Review", "I would have given five stars yesterday, but today I hit level sixteen! When your Sims retire you can no longer play them, which is so stupid! I loved my character's but now they just walk around my house like vegetables. So mad right now. ELECTRONIC ARTS please fix!", "The game is unplayable on my Pixel 3XL. The game will select buttons/objects a full cm away from where I touched or it doesn't detect my touch at all. I played this previously on the Pixel 2 with no issues, but I guess it hasn't been optimized for the screen size? I'm not sure what the issue is.", "I LOVE IT! I've been playing The Sims since Sims 1 and I super love it! I've been wait for this kind of app that I can play in Mobile. The Sims Freeplay is amazing too but it takes too long. This one, I love it! It's just that I need more simoleons and energy\ud83d\ude05 those two are my only problems that al...Full Review"], "Racing Fever: Moto": ["This game is fun, no doubt. But every game has some kind of glitch. Same case with this game. I don't know other players faced this glitch or not, but during some levels, whenever I set my steering controls to tap-type, after the countdown of race start, bike starts to turn on one side without press...Full Review", "Pretty fun game overall, but there is a glitch when you get done with a race. It wont let you collect more coins by watching a short ad. It just makes you hit cancel to continue to the next race. Kinda disapointing. Not that I always watch the ever present ads, but it would be nice to be able to col...Full Review", "Why so much adds?! Oh, its terrible, to watch for 2 ads after each race! What is it? I must choose to watch them, but not be forced!! And have lost all precious progress unfortunately.", "i will give it five star if the developer consider us racing with other motor cycle than vehicles. also we need some city racing with coners and so many pavements especially to run from police and the police must improve its aggressive", "this game was awsome.it was the best race game ever i have played.but i have doubt why police is racing with us while the other polices are trying to stop us.i like this. i think if u update it by adding cars too it will be more exciting.thanks for this game", "The game is fab... its easy to control, each level has new challanges, and this is what makes this game more interesting. The saddest part is that... i finished all the levels, within two days. \ud83d\ude4d\ud83d\ude4d\ud83d\ude4d sad", "yes please follow me band hua tha pichle saal jiyo hazaro saal jiii dhyaab and answers of biology class me nhi tho kya h jadda problem h na to aapko msg krte h kya apnebolte", "One of only few racing games i've ever been addicted to... superfine graphic and contro, though it isn't that smooth on my device.. but i still enjoy it", "Game is really good, however I can't able to do rematch. Rematch doesn't work when opponent wants to rematch, it says \"an unknown error has occurred, please try again later\". Please fix this.", "OK so I've had the game a few months now and I've finally gotten fed up with all the ads and the constant pestering to watch vids for double bubble... Only to not receive said cash...", "it's a gr8 game it has gr8 graphics it's long going without any glitches or lagging it has nice bikes and terrific rewards I'd say designed to keep you wanting more", "The graphics are great, the game plays very smoothly . The controls make me feel like I am on an actual bike. So addictive, I cant stop playing it.", "actually liked this game allot spent alittle money and allot of time had the third to last bike felt safe in deleting this app for just for a moment and google play usaully saves everything but i guess this game does not have that feature really blows was looking forward to beating it but now im ove...Full Review", "I had Completed All levels do i get any rewards...!! Now am gonna Uninstall it Playing on it Got Bored...!!! Overall nice racing Game \ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude0b", "AWESOME GAME Bt I Just Want To log in in this game ..and i can not want to lose my levels ,,Please Help Me The Creator Please Replay Me....\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d Thank you", "\ud83d\udc4c pretty awesome game i love a game that can get me out of my head for awhile need more games like this keep up the great work! \ud83d\udc4d", "I've been playing this game for a few days and I have to say it's pretty good as racing games go, and you can also run from the police as well... like I said only playing for a few days ,I recommend it it's addictive and fun... REVL9", "thought it was cheesy at first but then became extremely addictive Graphics is good enough to enjoy once you get used to it multiple camera views for liking smooth usability even has police chases in there this game is a must download definitely you have races and police chases can't beat that", "pretty good. Nice difficulty levels. But the rider on the home screen looks like he has only half of a helmet....Fix that.", "I love this game so fast bikes I put all stars for becouse I win on This game lot of time as I'm still winning on this game. HUGO BOSS\ud83d\udc51\ud83d\udc7d\ud83d\udc7e\ud83d\udc7a\ud83d\udc79\ud83d\ude08", "only six level in this game and i have complete six level . In this game has no prize. complete six level. I humbly request this game co to given me prize on complete six level. Your thankfully, Shivam from(INDIA)", "there are bugs but u get many rewards so its possible to buy motorbikes. its a good racing game (fix the npcs)", "Ugh i was normally trying not to get a crash on the No crash level but then \"paul\"'s car hit mine he was at the back of me and then i lost!!!", "it's a really good game so far but I have only had game for 2 days hence 4 stars as it kept coming up for a review I personally think people should have more days to play the game before asked for a review part from that it's a really good game very addictive most games bore me after a few minutes o...Full Review", "Very good graphics for a free game like this. I'm just experiencing that the motorcycle was frequently swerving the motorcycle automatically.", "I really enjoy this game. Hope they add more places, i mean place for racing like motogp haha", "i am unable to go to level 13 even though I have completed till level 12", "better than the games which try to copy this. I actually found this one after getting bored from one of the copies.", "nice game to play but one problem in the game their control very bad bwcause some time bike automatically turn please solve this issue & improved the controls", "Graphics are good as well as controls, Nicely done, Hope to see some new Levels and New Racing Bikes.. Keep it up...", "it's very addictive game i had ever play but its better more if you add more bikes", "The game is very good I m expecting new one that will be like this in a car driving. Kudos to the maker", "I need you to give me back my bike. I had galaxy s4 now I own note 9. I could give 5*", "some times when I start a race it makes me steer left or right on it's own causing me to wreck", "It is a bst nd osm gme like traffic rider I'm complete it's all levels It is a mind blowing game.", "Very nice no adds good game but one thing you can do is we cannot change our face.", "it's looks real, the bike sounds are real and you can compete to get money.... I love it", "briliet game but the last bike 2,500,000 is to hard to buy in time for gangleder 6 I am on the 5 won . I have got 1,000,000 and I bort the therd to last bike", "leveling game we can also play multi-player good graphics loved it", "if you want to dovleped your skills in Riding just play and enjoy it..... must download \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d"], "Super Jabber Jump": ["worst experience ever . can i know do ur game have jumping option . how does this game got 4.3 ratting. yaaaack", "this game is so bad with horrible ads I uninstalled it way way too many ads", "My daughter loves to play this over and over again and again its fun", "nice game", "fun game, but too many ads", "everything is ok but aftr collecting coins there is no use ful to utilize the coins option to get some powers or else its waiting of collecting coins try to after collecting coins do something", "Iam thinking it is my hated game", "Too many adds", "Baht bekaar", "nice game", "useless", "poor", "very bad game don't waste data on this game\ud83d\ude42", "very vad game \ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude20", "nice game", "nice game", "good", "This is very and very bad game please don't install this game this level is very hard and so many adds and I clear level 10 3 times but it again and again it \ud83d\udd1f level is not ending it very bad \ud83d\ude12\ud83d\ude12\ud83d\ude12", "it is good but its not excellent", "Iii", "kayes", "fantastic app", "the game is gud....but the adverstisements are making irritated...i am not able to play the game continously..each and every second there is ad... Ad is too much in this.....", "This game has beautiful graphics but is not superb.Lep's world is superb and better than super Jabber jump.\ud83d\ude1f\ud83d\ude1f\ud83d\ude1f\ud83d\ude1f\ud83d\ude10\ud83d\ude10", "lives r not more u need to give more lives ofter all osssm game \ud83d\ude0di love it \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "Its a wonderful game with good graphics. It has a good control system.Interesting game with hard level.Loved it\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "ye ha i beat the game dangerous..", "Nice games #zabber series", "too much ads coming when playing", "Too much adds! I cannot play...", "i like it so much", "it is nice for time passes", "it's a stupid game. it has so many adds and the game controls are use less . it hangs up all the time and the buttons don't work. waste of time and data .", "It is a an excellant game I love it so soooooooo much and pleas make another one thank,s very much", "this is too boring game make it even more bettet", "very nice game full of adventure I like this game very much best game in the world every one should play this game.", "I like to play. So I downloded this game .I liked this game so much , that used to play it most of the times.", "It's an amazing game but there r too many ads....otherwise it's good only...", "At the level 7..it doesn't work...it couldn't jump", "app is amazing but too many ads please fix it"], "Iron Blade: Medieval Legends RPG": ["Now the game is interesting, but there is almost no explanation on how to really play it. One has troops, but doesn't really know what for. One wins weapons, accessories, and other, but doesn't really understand how such items have to be used. For the rest its quite fun. Though I must say that I wil...Full Review", "excellent graphics, good challenge, easy controls and most excellent part is that it is rewarding withiut one spending real money in it..its jjst a matter of patience. But it gets monotonous and item list never gets uodated. it just cycles over and over, although its hard to get the best version of ...Full Review", "Too many ads. Edit: Ads keep popping up interrupting music I'm listening to. It's killing the fun. Edit: Game frequently gives no reward after success. Very frustrating. Edit: Support team were helpful after problems with update 6. Game keeps spamming me to rate even though I did that months ago. En...Full Review", "The game shows a black screen and blocks me from playing when I'm in the middle of the game and I'm about to win. The game ui comes back after i lose the game. Experienced this at least 3 times when I'm about to win chapter 6 brutal missions. I am using Mi A1 with Android 9.0. This does not happen w...Full Review", "It was great. But the new update sucks and ruined the game. Why u developers did that? Now it's way much hard to get rubbies for free and that watching adds thing, u also ruined that. There is a lots of bugg now in the game as it laggs, hangs. If this keeps going on then i'll have to uninstall this ...Full Review", "Graphics are excellent, story is interesting. The controls limit you to only move the camera, not your character. Its basically on rails. There is no exploration or freedon to run around the world whatsoever. Small groups of enemies will apear and you, like an Amtrak train, will head right for them....Full Review", "great graphic I have to say it although controls are so limited, u need to pay to proceed deeper in the game, no multiplayer what so ever. you can challenge other users but not in real time (same trick in shadow fights 3). RPG games are very different but again guys if u are looking just for great g...Full Review", "Nice freemium hack'n'slash RPG with outstanding graphics and collective undertone (fighting against others in alliances). Can be played daily for months. BUT prepare for daily logins and (too much) grinding to keep advancing. I rate it 4/5, not 5/5 due to grinding necessity (that is in fact a mechan...Full Review", "i like it alot .. lots of action, face paced so you dont get bored.. got all the critical elements of a good rpg.. kinda reminds me of the old days table topping d&d.. goos job devs", "update. I have downloaded the game again to give it a third chance because so many people are saying great things about it. THIS GAME SUCKS tap tap tap does not = an rpg sad gameloft", "well I'm not sure what 2 say bout the game not bad very good graphics good story line with my name n it n all keep it coming I does not k ow how Imma play all these video games by phone but work n progress.Damien out buy now. etc....????", "glitches and hella ads but still worth playing-ish lol. i honestly still keep playing cuz i have no self control and im competitive af. So...maybe youll have better odds", "badass only complaint is the pvp trophy win/lose trophies is way one sided. You lose way more trophies than you win ,even if you opponet is you strength or a bit lower or higher.", "I would love to give this game 5 stars as it's so good but after completing the first campaign the game now freezes after fighting for about 3 seconds. if this can be fixed then I would gladly give 5 stars.", "can you make the marerials easier to get and without the time taking away the rewads everytime for example when ever i hit 3 skulls i dont get exactly what i need i just get random and different materials that i dont need. can you please fix this thank you", "this game is bogus wasted my data to dowload and after dowloading it froze on my poco f1.tried 3 times same result. whats the point in downloading 1gb game if you cant play it", "this a a very awesome game. grinding goes slow in later lvls which is ok. haven't gotten to where I have to pay 2 play which is the part I like thebmost", "bugs badly crashed on my pc every time I play. I have deleted it ,reinstalled it and the only way to get it working is to go into setting and reset the app/turn of pc and on and then quickly load it while it's setting up and then it plays but it will still crash while playing and then have to do it ...Full Review", "mostly like it. data connectivity when accessing shared common areas appears laggy. the game is rather 1 dimensional but the graphics, story and weapons are fun", "Before update 5 star now 3 star. To money greedy. Donation Values now are to weak.", "gameloft you are mad bro. this game is sick as hell. it is in my top 10 best games list", "After the update still you can't fully control your hero. That's it, I'm uninstalling it.", "I can't obtain reward after completing the level... Not sure if it is just me but still this should never happen", "Great visuals with a good story. I would have given it a 5 star rating if it wasn't for the fact that you can't free roam", "Great effects,good story... but one day i was MASTER II, then the next day without me losing, I was back to MASTER I.... ?????????????? MADE ME SO ANGRY I ALMOST UNINSTALED THIS APP. HAPPENS AGAIN, and BYE BYE IRON BLADE...", "so long it need to download i again for 900 MB i think hmm whatever but its so longi wait and wait and wait and wait wait for a long download but i put only 2 star i will make it 4 only for because it needs to download again when you want 5 stars first give me all your robux you will search roblox a...Full Review", "i bought 150 keys to either a premium or a legendary gear and all i got was 8 energy tokens and a super small amount of gold.", "this game is one hell of a game it reminds me so much of shadows of mordor its insane but i feel like what would really make this game a 5 star game is it had some sort of free roam as much time that would take this could've been one of the best games on the app store and the story if the story were...Full Review", "It is Awful. All you have to do watch the chatracter running and pressing the attack button. Worst idea ever.", "The game is super & the graphic is also very nice bt stage is very tuff to clear & all over things is osm", "when opportunities come to view ads for free rubies I accept the link but no ads or rewards come? other than that love the game", "i just found my match!!!! i can definitely modify my hero as long as i want... but it would be more fantastic if i can also control my hero where to go and whom to attack but though i love the game. i really do, no joke.", "Best sword play, with intense high quality graphics. The \"auto fight\" feature really allows you to enjoy the game with the skill feature.", "seems like a good game but controller connected will only respond by being able to move the camera not able to do any other actions if fixed will play its a fun game just not interested if i can't use a controller just disappointed because it seems like it has a lot of potential but it's being stifl...Full Review", "Wow how can i miss this good game .. I just downloaded it and i was blown away with its amazing graphics so much detail and effort put in to this .. Even if this game restricts of free roam or controls still enjoyable to collect items and equip damien with awesome sets .. In the future i can see thi...Full Review", "i will downlord game files but i can't resum in it background.. its stop downlord background.. its time waste . fix that erro.", "After recent update watching any video ads doesn't work\u2639\ufe0f", "really fun game the only problem is that due to no movement controls sometimes when you go to attack the character does their own thing in a different direction and whenever i try to do alliance it freezes the game and i have to reset it but besides that amazing game", "nothing , the game wont even let me play , I just saw gameloft these words and it crash instantly please fix it I wanted to play this for a very long time", "love the game but u could put ln the were u can move the careture ur self"], "Farm Fruit Pop: Party Time": ["The ads are very annoying, but it's to be expected for a free game. This is a really fun game otherwise.", "\u0643\u062a\u064a\u064a\u064a\u064a\u0631 \u0646\u0627\u064a\u0633 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u0628\u0633 \u0643\u064a\u0641 \u0628\u062f\u064a \u0627\u0631\u062c\u0639 \u0627\u062c\u0645\u0639 \u0645\u0633\u0627\u0639\u062f\u0627\u062a", "One of my favorite games to play with my family and friends. I recommend it to everyone who loves a good challenge. \ud83d\ude4c\ud83d\udc6a\ud83d\udc65. And a few \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f.", "This game is awesome.", "like to play this game to relax a bit before going to bed...", "lots of fun, thank you!", "It's just great.", "best game ever......i like it", "nice game", "i really enjoy it. Relaxing!!", "wonderful", "nice", "cool game", "fun", "It's monoton game doesn't give any new encouragement and no change in graphics same from first level and continues. We don't feel any advancement or enthusiasm while playing it. Other games in same category are old but still higher levels", "It is a challenging game and it's great that you do not have to pay money for powerups, boosters, Etc. But you have to wait before you watch the ads to get more. Some levels are impossible to beat without boosters and you can run out too quickly. Uninstalled.", "Really nice match 3 game, but a couple of things would improve it, firstly a warning that you have only 5 lives left, secondly I'm not happy when I win on the last move, and it says I've lost. Other than that it's an awesome game", "I really love ths game, but, I am so aggravated by all the ads that I'm going to uninstall this. Just when you get ready to play, an ad will pop up in the middle of the game. Too bad this happens. Otherwise, I would rate this game 5+ stars.", "Very good and mind relaxing game.... If I'm in any confusion I will sit down to play one round of this game and after that it like I got idea to overcome my problems... Thank you so much....", "not what i expected but it's great except for one thing.ther is a level that i cannot finish n its hard.its my first time to say that a level of a game is hard.they do not give me enough moves!please fix this!and fast!!!!!", "Too many adverts, once in a while is OK but this thing is like every 5min. Very distracting.", "I really like this game, it calms my mind when I get upset about certain things.. It really helps me a lot, I truely like this game..", "I think a little bit ok for me cause i can't see my pic when i play", "Helps me relax but too much add. Reduce add and its da bomb", "Easy to play, time killer and relaxes me. No more stress, i avoid thinking too much by playing this.", "games nya terlalu banyak iklan, dan iklan nya rata rata loan. dan setiap menang permainan muncul iklan. Sangat tidak suka tidak enak main games seperti itu terlalu banyak iklan", "Farm fruit pop party time it is fun to play I really like this game I give it more than five stars I give it ten star's", "I like everything about the game because its keep me busy an makes me happy when I play it", "To many ads. And it throws you off", "Ok game but way to many apps, after each game.", "certain levels is difficult for grannies, could you simplify a bit from level 4?", "I like the fruit pop:party time but sometimes no play stand by or stuck", "I hate this game, too many ads, I am going to delete it", "it's boring because the ads keep disturbing the game.", "WOW!!! Can't stop playing this game...The graphics and game play are AEWSOME!! I am HOOKED!!!", "Nice game but cannot log in Facebook to share our passing levels.", "Too many repeats in upper levels..boring..but game is bright big and easy to see..", "game is good but lot of advertisements in between the game which irritates and shows off the interest", "this game make me to happy nice game amazzing game., thank you for the game", "\ud83d\ude4c\ud83c\udfc6\ud83d\udc96 Love Farm Fruit Pop Party Time. So much fun \ud83d\udc96\ud83d\ude4c\ud83c\udf89\ud83d\udcaf\ud83c\udfc6"], "NBA LIVE Mobile Basketball": ["Good game, but doesnt deserve 5 stars cuz at times whoever the competition is different unbelieve stuff is done at critical points of the game! REMARKABLE! YEAH RIGHT!!! Still a decent game though. Otherwise I wouldnt be spending time texting this rating they request for me to do every 5 mins.. I co...Full Review", "The whole game set up is excellent especially the \"build your own team\" concept. Events & sets are always something to look forward to. Showdown & league makes it fun & interactive. Gameplay, graphics is great as well. For improvement, lengthen d quarters for leauge v league just like showdown & mak...Full Review", "very slow tempo for sure but fun and respectfully adictive. I enjoy the sets and how that works for this game. my 5g phone seems to not express the games true potentisl, but I can def. appreciate it. I recommend this to those with a love for the sport and those who lime to do drills etc. the head to...Full Review", "Wow. What a great game. this is actually the best basketball gameplay experience you will find on mobile, no joke. The gameplay is amazing. The sad part is that like all great thinfs, EA ruins it with absurd amounts of near-neccessary microtransactions. For example, they make some live events/campai...Full Review", "Now that I'm able to play this game again, I'm back to enjoying it. But these are things that NEED fixing. Jayson Tatum does NOT wear 11 like Kyrie Irving, he wears 0. PJ Tucker doesn't wear 3 like Chris Paul, & never has either, he wears 17. There shouldn't be 2 number 3s, or Carmelo Anthony, for t...Full Review", "Could you please bring back custom lineups? You can leave the specialized lineups for specific live events and stuff or if we just want to use them. And please add stuff like stats. Like who I use the most. How many points, rebounds, assists this player averages etc. And please add something extra. ...Full Review", "very good game enjoy it very much. just one problem i have. is when it comes to upgrading Scottie Pippen to 87ov I exchange my firework tokens but my 83ov Scottie is no wear to be found and I've got the 79 Scottie to exchange for my 83ov Scottie but it's not letting me get the 87 Scottie. the same w...Full Review", "I love the game but..... Since the new update the game opened once and i saw that you all took all of my coins and my five 90+ teams. I had an 93 overall rateing. No this morning when I opened the game it kept on force closing it would not open. I really want to play and I need all of my players bac...Full Review", "Game has become a TRASH. Is this everything EA can provide for a sports game? Makes me think twice. Controls already sucks. Players dont respond quickly to loose balls. Auction menu hides a lot of items. Some events and sets can only be unlocked after purchasing. For those who want to try this game,...Full Review", "EA tries too much of cash grab. The game at this point isn't even fun to play. You need to spend hours grinding through events repeatedly to get a decent player. Forget your life if you want the best squad in the game. This game is not for the ones who wanna have some fun playing nba on mobile", "For those diehard NBA fans and novice ones, this game has a great nba history with it's classic teams and recent NBA leagues. In addition, the goaltending charge and close defensive fouls adds realism to the game. Love the challenges in live events and more competitive A.I. Overall, best season 2 ga...Full Review", "The gameplay is great overall... however auto switched defense sucks and when you operate it manually, it's stagnant as well and needs more accuracy on which player you want to be on defense. Also, the Xmas thing where we were given a set of players and have to pay outrageous amount of cash to level...Full Review", "not sure if this is only happen to me, once in 5 mins the game keep crashing and bring me back to the title screen. not sure why but it says that problem to connect with the server due to the internet connection, but there are no issue with my internet connection at all. on the other hand, i like th...Full Review", "its actually a good game but it needs more animations. more time in season games, shooting fouls need to stop being rare, backcourt violation isnt even a such thing on here, missing perfect wide open shots with high overall shooters is not rare. playoff games should be more realistic. ofher than tha...Full Review", "great amazing but one thing NBA live should bring us a throwback LJ on the heat a throwback Wade on the heat and a throwback Bosh on the heat and maybe just maybe for all those Heats Mario Chalmers. Maybe all of those but Nba live im a bucks fan in heart and also a true NBA fan so pls give us some t...Full Review", "The previous season is much better than this, especially the showdown. Our opponents with lower rating always win with high score. Shooting bar is not working, opponents with bad shooting rate can be so easy to score 3pt while our good ones will always miss, even in the open shoot. Also the defense ...Full Review", "I've been playing this for 3 years now and trust me, the only reason I'm playing this is cuz i love playing with lebron on the game. Literally eeevry othdr aspect of this game is garbage. Especially the gameplay. 80% of the shots that the opposition makes are 'low percentage shots' or 'unlikely make...Full Review", "Played since season 1. Ruined it with special abilities. Before the season started claimed there would have no trainable players. Lied. Claimed this season would be more realistic game play. Special abilities are unrealistic. Lied. It is a lovely game to play but with special abilities and the auto ...Full Review", "this game used to be good. now its a 2k clone: pay to win, no players have decent stats unless you pay for them. players fall down when cpu sets a screen, and cpu either misses every shot or hits every shot. i have uninstalled and will no longer be playing this trash.", "I like the game for the most part. However, in showdown games it becomes very frustrating when you can beat the guy you are playing against over and over again and again. But, when the mystery team plays and they add their points to me and the guy I beat, they almost always give the guy that lost to...Full Review", "much better after the update. Only nrgative is the roster appearance is still the same. pls update accessories and player appearance by description. ex. lebron 06( head band lacking) hoodie melo, ben Simmons accessories and Derrick rose hair plus total look. i know you can do it EA! cheers!", "The game has come out with better campaigns. However the showdown is the worst. The probability of a player winning is low as computers make lucky shots like normal shots and players can't even make layups? I personally find more fun in forfeiting my games than playing itself.", "Too many unfortunate glitches.EG:The daily event takes up 50stamina and then hangs again and again, leaving me unable to collect the token that allows the complition of the weekly set. pretty frustrating. Then there is the glitch in the North events too: at one point the game opens a challenge which...Full Review", "Since the update it's become a proper money grabbing, s**t show of a game. you get unrealistic 5v5 games in campaign mode, where the lower rated CPU teams hit shots from anywhere and you can't get wide open 3s, and daily beats where you get screwed out of wins regularly. Lost my 94 rated squad on th...Full Review", "I have loved this game since it was released in 2016 and always will\ud83d\ude0a. The app is crashing while loading \u2022Bring us back some of our players from the previous season! Bring back regular player training! \u2022Bring in timeouts & have \"Season Mode\"! , is the best basketball game I have played online\ud83d\ude0a\ud83c\udfc0. ...Full Review", "Passed on season 2 but gave season 3 a chance. At first I thought I would NEED to spend money in order to obtain a decent team so I put it down. Came back to it on New Years and have been having non stop fun! Showdown is my favorite part of the game. I've been having some issues with controls not re...Full Review", "There is lots to do in this game. Unfortunately capitalism is slowly stealing the joy of this game from the casual enthusiast. It's getting to the point where you almost have to buy packs to keep up and some challenges won't allow you to advance without them. Time frames to complete challenges also ...Full Review", "Season is f****** garbage like how awful can you make this game. \"Hey you wanna know what we should do?\" \"Let's give teams boosts to every stat and just for giggles let's make it a +14 boost so they absolutely cheese on every possession.\" \"Yo....that is a swell idea.\"", "Keeps crashing. I cant even log in to finish the event either, it just crashes as soon a i click log in with google. I have tried all their trouble shooting techniques and nothing worked. Fix your damn game ea", "It's a great game and i think shooting forms should be realistic. Please fix the shooting meter. It is really messed up. On red release you can splash a shot, but on perfect release you can miss a shot. Make the stats more realistic and make player pictures more looking like them", "This game is awesome but sometimes it comes the servers are under maintenance that time it doesn't come again in other games it is not like it but this has this problem just this is the problem otherwise the game is overall good. what is this rubbish the game closes when i start this si very wrong t...Full Review", "This company is a disgrace. The gameplay is heavily rigged. I do think everybody know this. They probably won't give a darn bout these reviews cause they have million bots covered these up. I don't think the developers have any knowledge bout basketball at all", "Very good graphics. This is the best basketball game so far. For me it's better than 2k. The problem is that you can't play it offline. I hope you can make the \"season\" offline atleast. And also hoping to fix that slow loading during login. Overall I enjoy playing the game.", "this dumass game is so f***ing stupid that when you shoot your shot and on the shooting bar says +20 when it really means -20 and the ball goes nowhere near the rim then the game tells you the shot was contested when it says +20. does that make sense no but this dumass makes it work.", "very good game. I really enjoy it and become addicted somehow. BUT when I updated yesterday and I was close to get Pippen 94 rate, the application crashed and I can't open the app at all. Please fix it as I don't have much time to get Pippen with 94 rate and need to get more firework tokens yet.", "Don't get tricked into thinking 2 star events are easy. Some two star events are more like 4 or 5 star events. Like the event where you have to come back from a 6 point deficit in one minute against a team that's like 6 overalls better than your team. that is not 2 stars, it took me like 30 tries, i...Full Review", "Game has good graphics, but gameplay is inconsistent. It's fun to play but the challenges and showdown are not fair. On certain challenges my team will totally suck. Players who always score baskets will miss, even when the shot was dead on. Plus, for some reason, my team won't go for rebounds or be...Full Review", "I love the game everything is just like how a real life NBA game would be, the players are accurate, the basketball hoops are accurate, the basketball court is accurate and even the way the basketball net moves when you get different types of goals and swishes the only thing I don't really like is w...Full Review", "make sure that ratings actually do some thing my 91curry made less threes than a 73chris dunn. showdown is atrotious, I hate losing energy because the game crashes a lot. the only reason I still play this garbage game is because I like bball. put some effort into it seriously.", "have just gotten back into this game and it is so addictive. the only problem i have is that when i finished a daily challenge it just froze and kicked me out. also the game kicks me out saying that i can not connect to the server. pls patch."], "Game of Warriors": ["Moderately entertaining; the combat and techtree are pretty simple. I wanted something that required fewer brain cells than my last mmo so this fits the bill. As with other reviews - updates have made significant changes without explanation. - wheel of fortune updated, rewards improved and cost decr...Full Review", "its unavoidable to lose some game progress after balancing etc. i wont mind if i lose gold or exp but general's skill points should be compensated. some of my skills are almost capped at 50 points before update and suddenly the cap decreases to 25. i mainly focus on these skill with almost nothing e...Full Review", "I'm pretty pissed off at the recent patch. i had lvl 50 skills. then they \"balance\" it and i am nerfed down to 25. i could accept that IF i got refunded my 25 points i wasted!", "its a good game i would have given it 5 stars if it had not been for 2 problems, 1 when it updates it doesnt tell you that there is going to be an update and it doesnt tell you what has been updated/removed. the second problem is that it does not refund its changes for example i am level 41 each lvl...Full Review", "Great until the new update. lost lots of hero skill XP. almost thought I was high at first lol. please revert this xp cap from 25 back to 50 or at least compensate with the hero XP we lost.", "it just took away my progress and messes up my game after update, fix this.", "It was a really good game until the last update. Like EA ruining Fifa.", "whatever y'all just did I lost $1,000 in coin every minute for my colonies in my experience points iron and implied y'all change that up to where it maxes out at 25 but I've used input experience points to certain things past 25 and didn't get those back I would like both of those things returned to...Full Review", "it's a good game and a time killer addictive game \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udee1", "It's great it's just that I don't really like how it's very rare to find new soldiers and it's too expensive to buy stuff but the rest is just great thanks.", "it was the worst game I had played I hate it", "Played similar game this one good time killer \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "when i play this game then i play and play ,i can't stop this game", "this game has good controls", "the g I love it so much", "good fun very intense", "it's very fun game", "It's interesting. It's a time killer", "good game very addictive", "I love strategy games and this is perfect!", "this a very good game i so much like this gamer", "Great Time Killer", "It's cool", "very good game", "I like the game very much", "This game just like real", "e e nk y for hft krishnakant", "it's nice game and super features", "nice game... little bit modificatn is need in upgrdaing troops... otherwise all is good", "feel like its missing something", "best game ever", "Nice easy game to play, the latest updates improve the quality", "i like da game", "Nice and Awesome gameplay its really different from other", "reeeeee!!", "it is so fun you need to hit it and play", "accha hai", "cool game", "good game offline and online graphics are very good", "it's better and we don't get boured"], "Sniper 3D Gun Shooter: Free Shooting Games - FPS": ["Android doesn't contain squad wars, gear camouflage and weapon enhancements. The app is much more full featured and updated on IOS... PVP mode sucks on Android without Squad wars, etc. You can never truly compete as a team. EDIT: Squad Wars now working on Android!!!", "This game is really Bad. The missions are really corny, and the NPCs are terrible. It's just another pay to play cash grab, don't waste your time.", "This game is a stupid game when it comes to the PvP arena..I don't know if you are battling against other snipers or ghosts When you shoot,the bullet doesn't hit them but they can kill you\ud83e\udd2f\ud83e\udd2f Stupid game..don't download it..I'll update you when that problem is solved", "Worst concept! Developer were money maker....Play free I suggest...", "cool as hell, but just started. sure to be a roadblock soon requiring purchase", "lots of emphasis on paid upgrades. not worth it. can kill a bit of time, but will have a short lifespan, unfortunately.", "its quite good but one minus point is player have to purchase advance gun,which is not free", "NO! this game only tries to get your money and make you feel stupid. whoever created this game is a looser.", "Great game to pass time as far as sniper games go. Good content and story lines.", "I WILL TRAY PVP CAHELLENG BUT EVERY TIME IS NOT CAONNECT THE SERVER PLS HELP ME", "Cool game. just started. Has my attention. Can't wait to see what I can do.", "This is a very nice game. You guys will enjoy playing too", "A lot of ads that irritates. I don't see you can play this game without constant donations.", "when i think this game can play when i am offline but this game always update and downloading many thing and this is so annoying", "very good graphics. But loads of ads. You are forced to purchase arsenal spending money.", "sick but we need more levels", "It's the best game than all of them in my life", "very good app its helping me a lot awesome", "not too excited about how skill to kill levels jump, but I like the game.", "love this game. shoot da bad guys, get da money.", "the game is challenging and fun I love this game you all should try", "Good.. but costs very much... but enjoy", "This game ROCKS !!! Great graphics , awesome weapon upgrades and choices , challenging missions , their are in game purchase promps but not overbearing . Very user friendly .", "if you're looking for an app that's 1/2 ads, 1/2 trying to sell you something, and just a sprinkling of a mildly interesting game thrown in, then this app is for you.", "Awesome game, graet graffic and design", "I really like the gameoverall even though it is hard to control", "This game is super i like this game sniper 3D Gun Shooter is were the game was also insecting", "One of the better sniper games out. Fun. Great for those waits in the Doctors office waiting room. Just be sure to bring your headphones..", "I am loving this game so much \ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18", "pretty neat, makes it feel real when your rifle is swaying making it hard to get a bead on the target.", "fuck off with your bloody bullshit packages", "i think is cool.. im enyoying it", "if this game was more realistic, this game would have all my stars but it's cool and very interesting \ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude0e", "This game gives me a nice experience regarding sniper and also it satisfying as this game is about killing the criminals.", "nice graphics love this game", "this is most entertainment and editing shooting game", "not too hard or easy...standard", "owsome game i realy enjoy this game", "like this game. not the killing the percision", "it's addictive but after awhile lacks to give reason to play."], "Bus Racing 2018": ["\u092c\u091f \u0920\u0947 \u092c\u0940\u091a \u092e\u0947\u0902 \u0910\u0921 \u092c\u0939\u0941\u0924 \u0906\u0924\u0947 \u0939\u0948\u0902 \u0907\u0928\u094d\u0939\u0947\u0902 \u0915\u092e \u0915\u0930\u094b", "this game is very enjoyable...and need more level", "I love this game so much", "not good game", "very bad \ud83d\ude20", "nice app MST game", "key dham bhakvas gems", "very bad game", "only ads seen", "very poor", "bad game", "wast game", "best game", "Vikash STAR", "good!!! 0", "just awsomr", "blowing fantastic", "Very good", "nice game", "verygood", "very good game", "nice game", "very bad", "ok", "sahil", "bh", "i liked it", "bad", "Good", "good", "nice", "stdu", "nice", "good nice", "Good Driving", "nice game", "nice work", "Power game", "good", "good"], "Piano Free - Keyboard with Magic Tiles Music Games": ["Very good app, I just wish there was a way to only show the free songs while selecting \"magic tiles\". There's so many, and most of them are premium (which fair enough I'm not complaining about that lol) but scrolling through them is a serious chore.", "a game free to download but if u want to play you have to give card details and pay for it! what a load of b.s and waste of time oh well there's 2 children disappointed.", "Way too aggressive advertising of premium version. After every session? Really!? But beyond that a really good piano app. Just ashame won't get left alone about premium. So uninstalled", "Greed is losing you money. you can easily get 40 people a month to pay $4 for this application instead of maybe 100 people ever.", "cool and sooooooooooooooooo nice game you have to install this nice app I LIKE THIS GAME SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MUCH", "I love how you can actually earn how to play the piano off of this app.", "it's a decent app for bacis piano but there is always room for improvement", "great impression, so far so good. will keep updating this later.", "super learning experience with ultimate sound its good for learns i lover it", "This game is bad. all it does is leaves me in instructions. Don't install this! it's a rip-off!", "Too many ads and asks for likes. App is great but too pushy.", "piano tiles game is lots of fun and good for learning to play plus eye to hand coordination training", "i can't it was amazing oh i just described it tehehehe\ud83c\udfbc", "It's so essential especially for beginners, I love it so much.", "don't say free if it involves credit cards", "Lot of ads, kids cannot use it, every touch some ad will open. uninstalling it.", "you have to buy premium to even play it!", "you have to buy everything, or it is useless", "its fine, just farting about with it", "What would have taken a week for music school, this application did that in a minute. Thank you very much!", "Can't even use it without the premium", "it says free but once i loaded the app it told me to get premium", "why do i have to pay 30 pound and even they not mention that straight when you download", "it's Christian songs I like it", "awesome I don't know how to play the piano so I just tap a key and it sounds like I'm really good at the piano", "I've found the game on Google play. It's interesting, I'd like to see where this is going.", "not to much other than I have to buy in order to play more instruments", "bad Sa\u0b83: 21", "it won't let me play for free like it used to", "like it btw im swag so dont judge", "it could have a better range of up to date songs for free", "love it! it's fun and if you cannot afford a piano this is a good app", "Its not free as it said!", "i love the 3 ways!", "Very good app for music Lerner and sound also nice and clear sir pls add midi keyboard option for this app", "awsome it let you play for free", "worst appppppppp ever", "is a good app I like it so much it's more like a piano cuz it is keep the good work up.", "Very good app to learn the piano. I will recommend it to everyone.", "is not 100% free"], "\u067e\u0627\u0633\u0648\u0631 \u062d\u06a9\u0645\u200e": ["\u062e\u0648\u0628 \u0628\u0631\u06af \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u062f\u0647 . \u0628\u0647 \u0634\u06a9\u0644 \u0648\u0627\u0636\u062d\u06cc \u0645\u06cc\u0647\u0627\u062f \u062d\u0627\u0644 \u0627\u062f\u0645\u0648 \u0628\u06af\u06cc\u0631\u0647.\u0627\u0632 \u062f\u0633\u062a \u0627\u0648\u0644 \u06a9\u0647 \u0628\u0631\u06af \u0628\u0647\u062a \u0645\u06cc\u062f\u0646 \u0642\u0627\u0628\u0644 \u067e\u06cc\u0634\u0628\u06cc\u0646\u06cc\u0647 \u06a9\u0647 \u0627\u0648\u0646 \u0628\u0631\u06af\u06cc \u06a9\u0647 \u062a\u0648 \u0646\u062f\u0627\u0631\u06cc \u062d\u06a9\u0645\u0647 \u0648 \u0642\u0631\u0627\u0631 \u0647\u0645 \u0646\u06cc\u0633\u062a \u062f\u06cc\u06af\u0647 \u0628\u06cc\u0627\u062f \u0628\u0631\u0627\u062a..\u0627\u0645\u0627 \u0628\u0631\u06af\u0634\u062a\u0646 \u0628\u0647 \u0648\u0631\u0698\u0646 \u0642\u0628\u0644\u06cc \u0628\u0647\u062a\u0631 \u0628\u0648\u062f . \u0648\u0631\u0698\u0646 \u062c\u062f\u06cc\u062f \u0627\u0632 \u0645\u0646\u0627\u0628\u0639 \u0633\u062e\u062a \u0627\u0641\u0632\u0627\u0631 \u0627\u0633\u062a\u0641\u0627\u062f\u0647 \u0632\u06cc\u0627\u062f \u0648 \u0628\u06cc\u062e\u0648\u062f\u06cc \u0645\u06cc\u06a9\u0631\u062f", "\u0686\u0631\u0627 \u0622\u067e\u062f\u06cc\u062a \u06a9\u0631\u062f\u0645 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0622\u0646\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u062d\u0630\u0641 \u0634\u062f\u061f \u062f\u0648\u0628\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u0634\u062f \u0645\u062b \u0648\u0631\u0698\u0646 \u0642\u0628\u0644", "\u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u0633\u0628\u06a9 \u0648 \u0632\u06cc\u0628\u0627", "\u0627\u0635\u0646 \u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc \u0634\u062f\u0647 \u06af\u0631\u0627\u0641\u06cc\u06a9\u0634", "\u0622\u0642\u0627 \u0645\u06af\u0647 \u0686\u0642\u062f \u06a9\u0627\u0631 \u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u0686\u0646\u062f \u0646\u0641\u0631\u0647 \u0627\u0641\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0647\u0645 \u0627\u0636\u0627\u0641\u0647 \u06a9\u0646\u06cc\u062f \u0628\u0647\u0634..\u0634\u0631\u0637 \u0645\u06cc\u0628\u0646\u062f\u0645 \u0627\u06cc\u0646\u06a9\u0627\u0631\u0648 \u0628\u06a9\u0646\u06cc\u062f \u0631\u06a9\u0648\u0631\u062f \u062f\u0627\u0646\u0644\u0648\u062f \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0631\u0648 \u062a\u0648 \u0627\u06cc\u0631\u0627\u0646 \u0645\u06cc\u0632\u0646\u0647..\u0627\u0644\u0628\u062a\u0647 \u0645\u062c\u0627\u0646\u06cc \u0628\u0627\u0634\u0647 \u0647\u0627", "\u0646\u0633\u0628\u062a \u0628\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc\u0647\u0627\u06cc \u0642\u0628\u0644 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u0628\u0647\u062a\u0631\u0647 \u0627\u0634\u062a\u0628\u0627\u0647 \u0646\u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u062a\u0648 \u0648\u0631\u0642 .\u0633\u0631\u06cc\u0639 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0645\u06cc\u0634\u0647 ..\u062a\u0627 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0646\u0645 \u0645\u0646 \u0686\u0646\u062f\u0628\u0627\u0631 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u06a9\u0631\u062f\u0645 \u0647\u0645 \u0628\u0631\u062f\u0645 \u0647\u0645 \u0628\u0627\u062e\u062a\u0645 ..\u062e\u0648\u0628\u0647 \u0628\u0647 \u0646\u0638\u0631 \u0645\u0646", "\u0633\u0627\u0632\u0646\u062f\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0633\u0627\u062f\u06cc\u0633\u0645 \u062f\u0627\u0634\u062a\u0647 \u06cc\u0627\u0631 \u0645\u0642\u0627\u0628\u0644 \u0627\u0641\u062a\u0636\u0627\u062d \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0645\u06cc\u06a9\u0646\u0647 \u062f\u0633\u062a\u06cc \u06a9\u0647 \u0628\u0647\u062a \u0645\u06cc\u062f\u0647 \u0627\u0641\u062a\u0636\u0627\u062d\u0647 \u0631\u0642\u06cc\u0628 \u0647\u0645\u06cc\u0634\u0647 \u062f\u06cc\u062a\u0634 \u067e\u0631 \u0627\u0632 \u062d\u06a9\u0645\u0647 \ud83d\ude11", "\u0686\u0642\u062f\u0631 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0628\u0627\u06af \u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u0627\u0639\u0635\u0627\u0628\u0645 \u062e\u0648\u0631\u062f \u0634\u062f \u0627\u0632 \u0628\u0633 \u06cc\u0627\u0631\u0645 \u062e\u0627\u0644 \u0633\u0631 \u0645\u0646\u0648 \u0645\u06cc \u0628\u0631\u0647 \u06cc\u0627 \u0631\u0648\u06cc \u0628\u0631\u0634 \u0645\u0646 \u062f\u0631 \u062d\u0627\u0644\u06cc \u06a9\u0647 \u0646\u0641\u0631 \u0622\u062e\u0631 \u0647\u0645 \u0647\u0633\u062a \u0628\u0627\u0632\u0645 \u0645\u06cc \u0628\u0631\u0647 \u06cc\u0627 \u0648\u0642\u062a\u06cc \u062d\u0631\u06cc\u0641 \u0628\u0627 \u0648\u0631\u0642 \u0628\u0627\u0644\u0627\u062a\u0631 \u0645\u06cc \u0628\u0631\u0647 \u0627\u0648\u0646\u0645 \u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u0632\u06cc\u0631 \u0645\u06cc \u0632\u0646\u0647. \u062f\u0631\u0633\u062a\u0634 \u06a9\u0646\u06cc\u062f \u062c\u0627\u0646 \u0645\u06cc\u062b\u0627\u0642\u06cc", "The distribution of cards is not random. They should at least try and make it a little like the real life game.", "\u0627\u0646\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0646\u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u06a9\u0647. \u0686\u0631\u0627 \u062f\u0631\u0648\u063a \u0645\u06cc\u0646\u0648\u06cc\u0633\u06cc\u062f \u0627\u0644\u06a9\u06cc \u062d\u062c\u0645 \u0646\u062a \u0627\u062f\u0645 \u0631\u0648 \u0645\u06cc\u0628\u0631\u06cc\u062f", "Its a good game and good to kill time.", "\u0642\u0633\u0645\u062a \u0627\u0646\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646\u0634 \u0686\u062c\u0648\u0631\u06cc \u0645\u06cc\u0627\u062f. \u0645\u0646 \u06a9 \u0646\u062f\u06cc\u062f\u0645", "use the best professional gamer for upgrade player...thanks..", "\u062e\u062e\u062e \u062e\u06cc\u0644\u0647 \u0627\u0645\u0627\u062a\u0648\u0631\u0647 \u0648\u0644\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u0645 \u062f\u0645 \u0642\u06af\u06cc\u0627\u0646 \u06af\u0631\u0645 \u0627\u06cc\u0644\u0627\u0645 \u0633\u06cc\u062a\u06cc", "\u06af\u0631\u0627\u0641\u06cc\u06a9 \u067e\u0627\u06cc\u06cc\u0646! \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u06a9\u0627\u0645\u067e\u06cc\u0648\u062a\u0631 \u0628\u0633\u06cc\u0627\u0631 \u0636\u0639\u06cc\u0641! \u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u0647 \u0646\u0648\u06cc\u0633\u0634 \u0645\u0628\u062a\u062f\u06cc \u0628\u0648\u062f\u0647! \u0622\u0646\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0647\u0645 \u0627\u0635\u0644\u0627\u064b \u0646\u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647\ud83d\udc4e!!!", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc\u0647. \u0641\u0642\u0637 \u06a9\u0627\u0634 \u06cc\u0647 \u06af\u0632\u06cc\u0646\u0647 \u062f\u0627\u0634\u062a \u062e\u0648\u062f\u0645\u0648\u0646 \u0627\u0648\u0644\u06cc\u0646 \u062d\u0627\u06a9\u0645 \u0645\u06cc\u0634\u062f\u06cc\u0645 :)", "The programmer is certainly amateur at hokm.", "\u067e\u0631 \u0627\u0632 \u0628\u0627\u06af \u0647\u0627\u06cc \u0645\u062e\u062a\u0644\u0641", "Thank you", "Tooooo advertisment", "Thanks for the game", "\u06be\u06be\u06be\u06be\u06be", "\u0648\u0648", "\u062e\u0648\u0628", "\u0639\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0644\u06cc", "very good", "The most computer fixed game ever. Totally one sided.", "\u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u062e\u0648\u0628\u06cc\u0647 \u0645\u0646 \u06a9\u0647 \u0627\u0632\u0634 \u0644\u0630\u062a \u0645\u06cc\u0628\u0631\u0645 \u0641\u0642\u0637 \u062c\u062f\u0648\u0644\u0647 \u0627\u0636\u0627\u0641\u06cc\u0647 \u062d\u0648\u0635\u0644\u0647 \u0622\u062f\u0645\u0648 \u0633\u0631\u0645\u06cc\u0628\u0631\u0647 \u0627\u06af\u0647 \u062d\u0630\u0641 \n\u0628\u0634\u0647 \u062e\u0648\u0628\u0647 \u0628\u0647 \u0642\u0648\u0644 \u062f\u0648\u0633\u062a\u0627\u0646 \u0627\u0634\u06a9\u0627\u0644\u0627\u062a\u06cc \u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u0627\u0645\u06cc\u062f \u0628\u0647 \u06a9\u0645 \u0634\u062f\u0646 \u0645\u0639\u0627\u06cc\u0628 \u0648 \u0642\u0648\u06cc\u062a\u0631 \u0634\u062f\u0646 \u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u0647", "\u0633\u0644\u0627\u0645 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u062e\u0648\u0628\u06cc\u0647 \u0646\u0642\u0635\u0647\u0627\u0634 \u0627\u06cc\u0646\u0647 \u06a9\u0647 \u062d\u0631\u06cc\u0641 \u0627\u0632 \u06a9\u0627\u0631\u062a\u0647\u0627\u06cc \u0647\u0645 \u0628\u0627\u062e\u0628\u0631 \u0647\u0633\u062a\u0646 \u0648\u0644\u06cc \u0634\u0631\u06cc\u06a9\u062a \u0648\u0627\u0633\u0647 \n\u062f\u0644 \u062e\u0648\u062f\u0634 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0645\u06cc\u06a9\u0646\u0647 \u0648\u0642\u062a\u06cc \u0647\u0645 \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u062a\u0648\u0646\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0644\u0627\u062f\u0633\u062a \u0628\u0628\u0631\u0647 \u062d\u06a9\u0645\u0634\u0648 \u062d\u0631\u0648\u0645 \u0645\u06cc\u06a9\u0646\u0647 \u0627\u062c\u0627\u0632\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \n\u0628\u0639\u062f \u0627\u0632 \u06a9\u062a \u0634\u062f\u0646 \u0647\u0645 \u0642\u0631\u0627\u0631 \u0628\u062f\u06cc\u062f \u062a\u0627 \u0628\u0634\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0645 \u06a9\u0631\u062f\u060c\u0645\u0645\u0646\u0648\u0646\u0645 \u0645\u0648\u0641\u0642 \u0628\u0627\u0634\u06cc\u062f.", "\u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u062e\u0648\u0628\u06cc\u0647 \u0641\u0642\u0637 \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u062f\u0648\u0646\u0645 \u0686\u0631\u0627 \u0648\u0642\u062a\u06cc \u062d\u0631\u06cc\u0641 \u0628\u0627 \u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u0645\u06cc\u0628\u0631\u0647 \u06cc\u0627\u0631 \u062e\u0646\u06af \u0645\u0646\u0645 \u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u0645\u06cc\u0646\u062f\u0627\u0632\u0647\u060c\u062f\u0631 \u0636\u0645\u0646 \u0622\u062e\u0631 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0627\u06af\u0647 \u06a9\u0627\u0631\u062a\u0647\u0627\u06cc \u0645\u0648\u0646\u062f\u0647 \u0631\u0648 \u0646\u0634\u0648\u0646 \u0645\u06cc\u062f\u0627\u062f \u062e\u0648\u0628 \u0628\u0648\u062f", "\u0647\u0648\u0634 \u0645\u0635\u0646\u0648\u0639\u06cc \u0631\u0648 \u0634\u0645\u0627 \u0647\u06cc\u0686 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u0637\u0631\u0627\u062d\u06cc \u0648 \u0631\u0641\u0639 \u0627\u06cc\u0631\u0627\u062f\u06cc \u0646\u06a9\u0631\u062f\u06cc\u060c \u0641\u0642\u0637 \u0628\u0631\u0627\u06cc \u0627\u06cc\u0646\u06a9\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0628\u0631\u0627\u06cc \n\u06a9\u0627\u0631\u0628\u0631 \u0633\u062e\u062a \u062a\u0631 \u0628\u0634\u0647 \u0627\u0648\u0645\u062f\u06cc \u062a\u0648\u06cc \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0622\u067e\u062f\u06cc\u062a \u062c\u062f\u06cc\u062f\u062a\u0648\u0646 \u062c\u0648\u0631\u06cc \u06a9\u062f \u062f\u0627\u062f\u06cc \u06a9\u0647 \u062a\u0627 \u062c\u0627\u06cc \u0645\u0645\u06a9\u0646 \n\u062f\u0633\u062a \u0636\u0639\u06cc\u0641\u06cc \u06af\u06cc\u0631\u0634 \u0628\u06cc\u0627\u062f \u0648\u06af\u0631\u0646\u0647 \u0642\u0628\u0644\u0627 \u0627\u06cc\u0646\u0637\u0648\u0631\u06cc \u0646\u0628\u0648\u062f.\u0633\u0648\u062a\u06cc \u0647\u0627\u06cc \u06cc\u0627\u0631 \u0645\u0642\u0627\u0628\u0644 \u0647\u0645 \u0627\u0636\u0627\u0641\u0647 \u06a9\u0646 \n\u0628\u0647 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0645\u0627\u062c\u0631\u0627...", "\u0647\u0648\u0634 \u0645\u0635\u0646\u0648\u0639\u06cc \u062c\u062f\u06cc\u062f\u062a\u0648\u0646 \u0641\u0642\u0637 \u0646\u0648\u0639 \u0633\u0648\u062a\u06cc\u0647\u0627 \u0631\u0648 \u0639\u0648\u0636 \u06a9\u0631\u062f\u0647\u060c \u063a\u06cc\u0631 \u0627\u0632 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0627\u062a\u0641\u0627\u0642 \u062e\u0627\u0635\u06cc \u0646\u06cc\u0641\u062a\u0627\u062f\u0647\u060c \u0642\u0628\u0644\u0627 \u0648\u0642\u062a\u06cc \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u062a\u0645\u0648\u0645 \u0645\u06cc\u0634\u062f\u060c \u06af\u0632\u06cc\u0646\u0647 \u0627\u062f\u0627\u0645\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0642\u0628\u0644\u06cc \u062d\u0630\u0641 \u0645\u06cc\u0634\u062f\u060c \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0646 \u0646\u0647", "\u0645\u0648\u0642\u0639\u06cc \u06a9\u0647 \u062d\u0631\u06cc\u0641 \u0628\u0627 \u062a\u06a9 \u0645\u06cc \u0628\u0631\u0647 \u06cc\u0627\u0631 \u0647\u0645 \u0631\u0648 \u062a\u06a9 \u062d\u0631\u06cc\u0641 \u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u0645\u06cc\u0632\u0646\u0647 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0627\u06cc\u0631\u0627\u062f \u0631\u0648 \u0631\u0641\u0639 \u06a9\u0646\u06cc\u062f", "\u062e\u0648\u0628 \u0637\u0631\u0627\u062d\u06cc \u0634\u062f\u0647 .\u0647\u0648\u0634 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0645\u06cc\u062a\u0648\u0646\u0647 \u0642\u0648\u06cc \u062a\u0631 \u0628\u0627\u0634\u0647 . \u0631\u0627\u0633\u062a\u06cc \u0686\u0631\u0627 \u0628\u062e\u0634 \u0622\u0646\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0631\u0648 \n\u0628\u0631\u062f\u0627\u0634\u062a\u06cc\u062f \u061f", "it's not too much interesting", "\u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0622\u0646\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0646\u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u0686\u0631\u0627 \u0627\u0644\u06a9\u06cc \u0646\u0648\u0634\u062a\u06cc\u062f \u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647!", "Full of comerical ads in new updat.", "\u0628\u0647 \u0686\u0647 \u062f\u0631\u062f \u0645\u06cc\u062e\u0648\u0631\u0647 \u0622\u0646\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0646\u06cc\u0633\u062a!! \u061f\u061f!!", "\u06a9\u0635 \u062e\u0627\u0631 \u0645\u0627\u062f\u0631 \u0633\u0627\u0632\u0646\u062f\u0647 \u06cc \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u06cc\u0639\u0646\u06cc \u06a9\u0635 \u0646\u0646\u062a", "Very good thanks play store team"], "Subway Surfers": ["it is amazing but there are some bugs like if i to roll then some times right or left turn and that way so.times i get out but i a fantabulous game\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d. it is has become very popular on app store or apple app store. it doesn't matter that how many times i say it is Fantablulously fasmagoricaly ama...Full Review", "App's getting better...I changed phones but kept everything intact. I guess having an android and storing the app in a memory card in the phone has benefits . And the new features make it easier to track your progress. It just has ridiculous missions to accomplish...", "I loved this game but now I seriously hate it. I have lost my progress thrice and the reason is unknown. This is really annoying. So guys! dont waste your time on playing this as you will lost all your progress at last for sure.", "Great game, incapable of transferring game progress? Come on developers... You've linked my high score to my Facebook account, why haven't you incorporated the ability to play as myself from ANY device WITH my score multiplier, characters, boosts, inventory (boards, keys, coins), etc??? You're killi...Full Review", "l love this game but after an update it goes very slow or If you get up to a specific score it also goes very slow and some of the limited outfits and boards are way to expensive then you would think and you can't regain progress. I still love the game but please listen and make this an even better ...Full Review", "subway sufers is a really fun game to play but when i die to much and i use up all my keys i get angry \ud83d\ude20 and then i yell Why! but its ok because I really love this game so much", "There should be a way to back up the progress. This is fourth time that I am starting from the beginning. I used to change my device and as I love the game I have to download it again and the same problem occurs. Developers...... are you listening your gamer's voice or not? If yes then why there is ...Full Review", "I love this game and have gotten really far but I just changed phones and the only thing that transferred with my log in was my score!! All my characters, boosts and awards are trapped on the other device. I am not sure I want to build it all up again. Edit 1/16/19: I have had to switch phones again...Full Review", "Best wishes to you and the above mentioned position and I will be depressing but I have a great expectations for a year ago to me that you are not the way u talk to my email address is correct I will be so kind and generous and I am fine thank uh oh to talk about it but it is addressed to pay for u ...Full Review", "Great game BUT.......Extremely annoying that there are no back up options as I have brought many characters and boards. Therefore due to having a new phone I had to start all over. I am not happy!!", "I still Love it! Just downloaded the Peru month and all the heads have been found. Come on get your act togethet how about letting people collect as many of the special things as they want. the more they collect the bigger the prize. The longer they pay your game!!!", "Lagging issue already solved before new update. BUT.. THE Rise Of Civilization & others Tapjoy ADS DON'T HAVE A CLOSE BUTTON!!! I cannot get the reward or double my coin. I'm forced to close the game. Cannot open the other mystery boxes. One after another... .. Just download the new update and quick...Full Review", "My phone got rebooted on it's own,and when I restarted the game all my \nprogress over the year was gone. Could be a glitch,but I don't have the \ntime and energy to get back everything. Uninstalling it.", "Awesome game for the entire family! The graphics and music is great! however, sometimes the control doesn't register so I'll die. other than that, my toddlers, husband and I enjoy it greatly.", "hi whoever it is so I am here to say say about the game at the this game is a very interesting and excited to play as well and I hope you will bring this kind of games for us and some interesting games thank youfor giving the wonderful game to us and and taking my time not only my time others time t...Full Review", "Shakaun has been in the past few months and I have to say that I will not be able to attend a meeting with you tomorrow and I will get it 2 and I w it to be a bit more about this property to in the future of this week and I am y I will be in the office and 5 of the course is 5 by one of the most eff...Full Review", "I Love this game! But disapointed that I can't see how many coins I actually have., go back to the old way of counting coins.. If I have 5.3 millions coins, I want the exact amount (not a round up)", "An amazing game but everytime I try booting it up it stays on the loading screen and never loads fully. Super annoying because I actually love this game! Please help fix this problem", "when i was playing i got very far then i just got a \ud83d\ude86\ud83d\ude05then i died and watched a video to revive me but that literly crashed and then the game restarted automatically i dont get my coins or anything back please reply", "it's really cool and like I could play this for 24 hours xD also hit or miss?I guess they took the kids HUH? xD Also go ahead and play this game!!!!!Enjoy your time!", "Nice time spender if you don't mind the ads. I'm generally not a fan of excessive ads but I find them bareable in this game at least. It's fine for what it is with a decent amount of customazation to earn with updates that focus on different countries all over the world.", "its a pretty chill game. makes time go by if your on break or just waiting in general ..", "The game is crashing again & again while launching it takes multiple failed attempts to actually get the game open Just updated the game to latest tour after Rio but the problem still persist Device: Nokia 5.1 plus", "lot of bugs and adds.....and after watching add i am not getting my reward double.....this is not the subway surfer i use to play....worst one....everytime you caught and restart there will bw a pop up add..... really team ...very disappointed....", "i love this game but since the last update it won't load and i can't play the game. my friend says hers took longer then normal to load. please fix, i don't want to have to uninstall and reinstall the app cause i will love everything.", "I love this game it's very addictive, my favorite game, but I'm very disappointed because when I updated from Rio to Atlanta it took away my high score and replaced it with my previous one \ud83d\ude21but other than that it was fine", "I WOZ DISSAPOINTED wiv this game till we were able to save our games so that wen we upgrade our fone we don't lose the money we've spent buying characters., we also don't av 2 start from the beginning. .... LOVEIN IT........", "um it reset my game stuff and then i left the game came back and i had a bunch of key its a good game but how do i get rid of the keys or get my stuff back a gave the phone to sjow my sister and she nuyed some stuff and i want it to go away and i want my stuff back plz help ;-;", "I was not very happy I was way up there the scores had lots of keys lots of money and my thing went blank and lost everything and had to start over\ud83d\ude21", "Dont complete any tasks for free coins, this is TWICE now I've tried it and didn't receive over 12000 coins BLAH!", "This game is so convenient when waiting in lines or just to have fun. You can get different outfits and boards, which is also pretty cool.", "Grate game but it needs more keys on the subway;please there is still not enough keys on the subway you guys better do some thing", "it just needs some more obstacles! I also think there should be a button that says explore and you can explore where ever you are.", "The most adventurous and a thrilling game with lots of fun moment with friends or with families. Enjoy this game with your adorable ones.Hope u will love it. Only one thing to tell it needs more storage.So make sure u hv much space in ur mobile .", "Very exciting game enjoy playing it specially when I'm bored and looking for something to do is very time consuming. Great game lots of fun.", "love the game I've made massive progress in it. would recommend making a international league of high scores not just national... see where people stand globally. also include official highest ever scores.", "its the best game to waist your time and its very fun and im not a robot bec i dont go beep boop beep boop and yaaaa bye", "Subway surfer is a cool game my kids and my boyfriend loves this game its awesome but im a little upset with subway suffer because my characters were taken and my surf boards", "It is a good game but after some time if u dont update it gets boring...but yes it has become glitch free once again", "It is my oldest and most favourite application in simple words i cannot tell u but this app is lit\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\u26a1\ud83d\udc4c"], "Solitaire Free": ["This game is good enough to be used for competitive play. Using it will make you better at choosing options in choices. The wording is not American English but understandable. I recomend it for serious players. I wish I was capable to compete at a level which would advance my abilities. A very serio...Full Review", "this is the best. the back ground scenery is a plus, it shufflies, board with the colors and cards perfect coloration for clear visiual play. the best that has come out so far. no need to change anything as given in other competetors to your liken. affects very clear, playing on a bright sunny day e...Full Review", "It's an okay game, I've played better. The things I don't like about the game is, how long it takes to load a new game, and all the steps it goes through are really un-necessary. Also I've noticed that the clock starts right away, before you even touch a card....... that's not right!!! So if you rev...Full Review", "Loved it!! I don't how I didn't have this game on here any longer, but, I'll keep up with it now!! I love everything about this game. Shuffling, dealing cards to end of game celebration with different designs!! THANK YOU ALL!! Who designed this game. I'm disabled and it brings me some joy and entert...Full Review", "ABSOLUTELY AWESOME...I HAVE THE SANDY SHORE BACKGROUND....VERY KICK BACK AND VERY RELAXING...THE ONLY THING I WOULD CHANGE IS THE VERY TOP LINE..TIMER CLOCK... POINTS SCORED...I AM RETIRED... AND I FEEL LIKE I AM ON VACATION ON THIS SANDY SHORE...I DO NOT NEED TO KNOW HOW LONG IT TOOK TO WIN THE GAM...Full Review", "Pretty good app. Ads are short and minimal. However, when choosing a new game, rather than just giving me a fresh game, it asks if I want a \"randomly drawn\" game, or a \"winning\" game. I choose random. To choose \"winning\" is kinda like cheating.", "great grafficks fast moves easy to see no adds yet.l changed to this as l got tied of adverts in last game popping up when l made a mistake.well done.they make you feel welcome from when you open up.as time goes there are hardly any adverts not like any l have played b4.", "Not very good. Each move of any single card or column of cards has to be made manually as opposed to a simple touch and the cards moving automatically to an available place.", "it was \"ok\"; it seemed 'primed so thst i'd win (?!!?) where's the fun in PROGRAMMED gsmes? for that reason, i gave it a low score---", "Game play is OK, but it is a little slow and then when the ads start taking over the volume controls and you can't stop it, that's when the game gets uninstalled. How much revenue are you making with an uninstalled game?", "cards move fast!! Background pretty but distracting. Don't need to see shuffle. would like to do 3 card turnover.", "Im older. just like to kill time. not be overly frustrated. perfect amount of challenge or oppurtunity to be mightily challenged if thats your thing.", "I really like free Solitaire game for none stop action, tense game and addictive game. Also i like this because of beautiful graphics and extremely fun that i recommend my friends to play this game, if they look for great game to play.", "this game is so pretty the scenery is more relaxing then the game . it doesn't have a lot of ads either . great game to play . I would give it 5 stars but the fifth star wasn't there to give .", "Keeps your mind ticking however finding continuous pop up advertising drains battery and is an annoying obstacle to the game.", "the only thing that i don't like is that it tells me when i no longer have anymore moves. i would rather figure that out for myself.", "Easy to play but phone keeps shutting down and then comes back. Only one that does it. So frustrating.", "I LOVE this game ! ALthough the format is different, it also has a beutiful ocean view too. I have been playing this game for awhile and this one is the most enjoyable !", "Fun & easy. This what I look for in a game. When I go to playing games I'm letting go of alot of tension. Just want to relax & this game fits the bill!", "terrible every time I start a new game something pops up wanting me to install. don't need it.", "Fun game...helps take ur mind off ur pain, lower ur blood pressure & pass time in the Drs office!! Just keep trying 2 beat ur previous scores, time, or ur moves!", "Nice big numbers - easy to see. I like the quick click play rather than having to drag cards!", "hate the pop up ads after I post this review I am going to uninstall", "I love this game created by you. The graphics and animations are something bunique,fresh and different from almost any other solitaire game on Google play store. Keep it up guy.", "I will get back in to see if you have any questions or concerns pleas,,, e", "the design arc, us different from ones I've played before. I'm enjoying the less formal layout", "I really can't get enough of playing this game ; its like a \"drug\" thats hard to stop using ; but I love it", "My current comment is that I regularly opt for random deals versus winning deals and have been quite pleased and challenged with the hands played.", "Not completely frilled with the block thing. Do love the background", "its boring cz it duznt give u a chance 2 win so 4m its a NO!NO!NO!!!!", "There is too much extra stuff on bottom of screen. But I like the gsme.", "This is a good game, with pretty backgrounds. You don't feel rushed, so it's relaxing.", "addictive, can't stop playing Best solitaire game ever. The last challenge I played I won, but it says I didn't.", "the only solitair ap that I couldn't consistaintly beat. good job", "Good graphics, good game play both random and the winning hand. Best solitaire I've played yet!", "Why does the name of the game and other pesty words block the cards I've played along the bottom of the screen ?? There's no x to press to get rid of them.", "I had fun..especially since I won. Took me a while. thanks for the hint.", "Inot bad game not quite like I play it with real cards", "the graphics are too busy and the colors are not contrasting enough. it creates a distraction...like the speed and tidy up option.", "It's different thn any solartare game I've ever played bfore, but enjoyable."], "Parchisi STAR Online": ["I love this game. My request to developer is please minimize the use of gem per game. A user should be allowed to use gem only 3 times per game no matter how much gems he has in his account. Beacause people who buy gems or win from league gonna win always due to gems and here I Think new user are di...Full Review", "nice", "this is a very good game but the only problem is that the rerolle is not random. i was vs a player who just took out his thing and i had ro get 1 to win and he won he just got about 60 moves and ive didnt got 1 \ud83d\ude32", "I've been playing Parcheesi for over 50 years and I love it. But I'd like it better if I could use both sides of the dice after getting all my men out like the original Parcheesi. Can you add this option?", "I fell in love with this game. I'm refreshing my beautiful memories \ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude0e\ud83e\udd17\u2764", "The worst game in the world of games game garbage is not worth playing", "I love parchisi its fun an a great way to kill time", "porqu\u00e9 \u00e9l 90% de los jugadores son de morosco?", "I love it it's a time killer", "boring and stupid app", "the hacker is to many pfff", "Easy to use and easy to play", "divertido y entretenido", "Best Game ever", "New updated please", "intihai bakwas", "col:^ b", "he is beautiful games i loved this", "cool game", "in some awesome", "good game .i love it", "\u0631\u0626\u0639", "\ud83d\udc4c", "super excited game 7 star \ud83c\udf1f \ud83c\udf1f \ud83c\udf1f \ud83c\udf1f \ud83c\udf1f \ud83c\udf1f \ud83c\udf1f love it", "Nyc", "toooop", "Awesome", "very good \ud83d\udc4d", "love it", "top apk", "good game", "beautiful loveeee it", "I love it", "nice games", "superb......", "it is a stupid game, if you don't buy they wont let you win more than 3 games, it is set such that you will never get 10k to play the 10k bet without buying their freaking coins. Win 2 or 3 2k games and see, your third game all the dice play will be on your opponent's favor in order for you loose an...Full Review", "there is a problem with the Turkey dice as well as the new \"Christmas thief dice\". I won both of them but neither will transform from grayed out to colored and active dice to choose. the green v appears but it never completely turns to colored dice. it is the snowball dice!! can you fix it???", "scam!!! lots of computer players so you cant win. I will post everyone of them that i know are bots. its complete BS. BEWARE these are computer players 1st. JeSs YaSsin 2nd. Ah Med92", "I love the game, but the fact that it counts the rounds that you leave is just throwing me off. If you leave a game on your review it counts it as a game that you lost. And I don't like the fact that you can only friend people if both of them have the game connected to FaceBook.", "I love it . Spending most day time on playing it.\ud83d\udc4c\ud83c\udffb\ud83d\udc96 One thing, hope that you will add in Big Bit ; team option. Consider this idea #please \u2661 Best wishes \ud83e\udd17\ud83d\ude0d"], "Talking Tom Cat": ["A cute and funny game for cat lovers. There's not much to do, but what's there is fun. After your first 10 pieces of food, you'll need to watch an ad video to get another piece of food or pay real money. You can record a video only up to 45 seconds, and the converted video file is low quality, grain...Full Review", "I love this app, it's very cute and my daughter loves it (she's always asking me for TomToms). However, at $15.99 for unlimited food, you've priced yourselves a bit high considering he only does a handful of things and isn't customisable", "Can you please put ads on another opening screen for the app? or have a paid option to remove them. Trying to use this to encourage my little dude to start talking... and he keeps clicking the ads, so its pointless. If it does not change soon, or there is no option for it... ill uninstall and get on...Full Review", "It's a great app for kids. But they use this for hackers. But kids don't realize it until the parents notice. I'm 18 and not a hacker. But they use these kinds of apps for kids to kinda lure them in? I'm not exactly sure but it's creepy for a hacker to hack into the system of this app and creep out ...Full Review", "can we meet up tomorrow and we can go from there to the gym and then I will be able to the office to see if we talking the Carter will n the other night when we talking the me the details for a while but it r get the kids together for you and I will see if we could just go with it and I don't know w...Full Review", "It is a creepy game i just want to play games then i choose this game and talking angela but why they asking that where did i came from and what is my gender and why im speaking hello they answering yes hi what can i help for you....Creepy Game Maybe someone hack this game but i will uninstall it be...Full Review", "you can only do a handful of things. when I say anything he does not say anything back to me in a funny voice. other wise the game is good and the graphics are good so far for me. I had no ads.", "Its a great game and versatile too because I ca record a funny vid for my little ones and another lovely one for my bae ... Lol I'm joking but its a Very great game ... problen is in the graphics part, the rest is \ud83d\ude4c\ud83d\udc4c", "I got over it real quick.its kind of funny but WAY to short. If they added a story mode then id give it a five star.", "I got this for my grandson to play with on my device. Any app which sends me notifications that \"it is lonely\" won't stay on my device long...GONE!", "This is a good app. Got it for my kids. Ever since I put a SIM card in my tablet, I've lost the food for Tom that I purchased. How do I restore the food that I bought? Also, why does the app need permission for storage, what's that for?", "Awesome game for kids, I often use this game to relax, surprisingly I got good results compared to yoga and other stress control exercises, please add some more tools and options.", "so funny so cute I have installed this game and all the tom games not Tom's friends is only Tom is the king or the prince . I love you tom I'm only your fan.", "It is a excellent game to pass your leisure time but I have a suggestion for you that you should increase the number of food given to us earlier.", "Its boring pointless and annoying no offense just didnt like it sorry", "This game is very funny and entertaining but after a while it kinda gets boring so it's ok I suppose. I would rate it 4 stars.", "I like it because it imitates every small things and make us laugh", "my experience was very nice it is the best rating of my talking cat I wish I had anything like this game I would hope I would have another game like this", "It is good but ,there is no food available , you have to pay for the food .\ud83c\udf49\ud83c\udf70. Try to make this app better.", "I felt stupid playing this game.. i didnt bother giving it to my kid", "I love it but more then me my brother I mean my small brother loved it so keep playing this game", "Make more good emotes pls Ok than many people will play this game I like it now", "its funny and cool it brings out the kid in me i use it to make my girl laugh.", "Good game because lots of stuff u can do with Tom it's just like a really fun game and it's awesome and cool", "I did the 3 a.m. challenge with this and then he came to life", "I like this game but I purchas a food and clothes and bad and other things how", "I like the game but it is not for times you have for enjoying\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\u263a\ufe0f", "I am not able to talk with the tom so i would li", "very funny. It make us happy in our worries. It made me the happiest !", "I think this game is awesome and funny every food makes something cool happen 4 stars", "we need to watch or buy for food,it is saposed to be free,this maker it boring.", "A little creepy at first...but soon it's almost unleaveabe", "my son finds him really funny and laughs at him and wat he does", "Do not download this game it will create virus in your phone", "I dont like it. Too many adds and is soooooooooooooooooooo boring", "Don't get this app because at 3 am it will be sooo creepy,and wants to take over the world!", "This game is nice for kids.It very fun i am also a dad and when i show this game to my child he feels very happy\ud83d\ude42\ud83d\ude42", "This is very bad game In the fork and knife option the internet will give you the food.", "I love this game aince my chilhood when i was years in 2013 and now to 9 years in 2018.it make me kid of my i love this i alway playing game i luv my kid", "Dumb that it only gives 1 food a day greedy ppl"], "Baby puzzles": ["I will change my rating once u fix the ad problem... I PAID FOR AD FREE AND YET THERE ARE STILL LOTS OF ADS!", "My daughter loves the game but I don't like the advertising I wouldn't mind if it was related to the game or kids but it's inappropriate", "my daughter loves it, just wish there was a way to get rid of the ads! **update** I found how to remove the ads \ud83e\udd23 we love it!", "i got this for my nephew and while i was downloading it i showed him a picture of it and he gasped with excitement.", "Very good game for toddler", "Hard to pull the puzzle pieces.\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e", "It's amazing", "I love it", "my kids love this game", "naic", "I brought the paid version for my two year because he was screaming every time ads popped up...This game could be so much better. It's pretty basic why don't you add sounds of the animals, vehicles etc....also once you have fitted the correct shape it could then tell what shape it was, for example i...Full Review", "For some stupid reason, when you stop dragging a piece it jumps back to the center. This is very frustrating to my child. Why wouldn't the piece just stay where it's left?", "I PAID for the game for my daughter WITH NO ADS and there still are ads! You stole my money", "My daughter loves the game but the ads are really annoying you cant get a decent game out of it about 2 rounds there ad very annoying I refuse to pay to not see ad so I'm uninstalling this game plus just one tip could make some animal noises or let them no what shape it is when put in its correct pl...Full Review", "Great for young kids 18 Mos and above. The ads hurt the process.", "My daughter love this game and become smarter but very make addicted \ud83d\ude2a", "thank you I'm uninstalling my baby learned so much from this app now its time to learn new things go job!!!!!", "It is very good game please dowload this for your kid", "This game is awesome my ill sis loves it", "Ads (sometimes multiple) after every screen...on a 2 year olds game?!", "NICE and easy for my 2 year old son to use", "My 18 month old grandson love to play the puzzles", "My daughter really love this game \ud83d\udc67\ud83d\udc96", "My granddaughter enjoyed it", "I like the games.", "I like a game", "useful game", "Sahi", "I've had this on a previous phone and my now 4 y/o asks if I can get it for her sister who is 2. She talks about the animals and teaches her sister!", "My baby likes it. I don't like the ads but 3.99 is asking too much for ad-free for this. Also, a good idea is to require 2 fast taps to exit a puzzle. It's too easy for the baby to exit.", "It's for my little brother and it makes him happy so its amazing", "More ads than gameplay... that is not good for a childs learning app", "My baby brother plays all day", "Excellent one", "2 1/2 year old loves it. Worth paying to remove ads. Difficult for child to \naccidentally exit app. I let him play with the tablet in his crib at \nbedtime so I can sneak out with no crying. Only wish the letter and number \npuzzles would say the name when he clicks on the piece.", "Such a good game! My 1.5 year old loves it and it was so amazing watching \nhim learn how to put the shapes into the correct places. There's about 9 \ncategories I think so it doesn't ever get boring- you can choose from many \ndifferent shapes. I ended up paying the few dollars to remove ads because \n...Full Review", "It is a good app for toddlers! just a little request, if you could update \nit so it would tell the letters, numbers etc as they appear so the children \nwould also learn how to pronounce them :)", "2 ads for 1 minute of gameplay? Get real. The puzzles are good and all but tone down the ads (which are usually geared toward adults anyway). The ad free version is over priced too.", "Great app, purchased on Samsung phone but the purchase doesn't transfer to \nthe samsung tablet which is a rip off. I'm happy to purchase once but I'm \nnot buying the damn thing twice", "When touching an icon, the sound of that icon should playback. Make it easier for kid to move the icon and latch near its vicinity. App lock .. it's a fairly good game.."], "Piano Music Tiles 2 - Songs, Instruments & Games": ["Love the new up dates.its been fun earning all these new instruments,some I never heard of. They sound great. I've been meaning to share sooner...my favorite Beauty and the Beast (long-long version)&Sound of silence, these are the best ever...ever ever. This app is a lot of fun.", "the audio is trash and eventually after a while it just turns inro retarded static. Wayyy too many ads. only reason its getting 2 stars is because ir has a good(ish) selection of songs.", "I love it so amazing i love this game i was so amazed at it i love how this game work but not all is perfect the fastest one were ohh 0MG i love this game it make me play this in 3:56before 4:39 after so great also i rate it 5 stars cause the maker of it deserve's this do you know cause if you rate ...Full Review", "its ok i woyldnt play it 24/7 but i mean come on some songs are axtually pretty good oh and also u have to have quick hands to play this game", "I've download it and it doesn't work .Such a bad game Guys don't download", "The aspect ratio does not work right with my OnePlus 6 and a lot of ads. But fun game.", "It it's ok not too good", "this app is very relaxing and i can stay on it for hours and hours", "It's a good game and keep it up with the game\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\udcb5\ud83d\udcb5", "Its fun I can play it anywhere", "I whish that you can download music offline", "Can you just add more (game of thrones) tracks?", "I HATED ITS TOO FAST!!!! DO NOT DOWNLAD!!!!", "I lo end this game on my iPhone x", "songs make me relax. this app is excellent.\u263a\u263a", "I lo", "Super", "hi", "cool", "nice", "Not a standard Piano Tiles clone has emerged! Anyways aside from that joke, this offers much more of a diverse gameplay styles than the original game. Not only is it a piano tiles game its has 40 instruments or more in the future. I like this much better than the original. There were some menu bugs ...Full Review", "I love it", "Love listening to the music. Don't like the fact that once you complete a song it takes you back to the top of the list. Otherwise the game is awesome \ud83d\ude06\ud83c\udfbc\ud83c\udfb9\ud83c\udfb6\ud83c\udfb5", "I think this game is incredible and so educational", "I love the game sssssooooo much", "Have a good collection of songs", "I love the game", "Omg I love this game you should totally download it it is the best I love the music it is amazing I love it\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc96\u2763\u2763\u2763\u2763\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\u2763\u2763\u2763\u2763\u2763\u2763\u2763\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\u2763\ud83d\ude31\ud83d\ude31\ud83d\ude31\ud83d\ude31\ud83d\ude31", "Very nice game", "Want bollywood songs", "Its awesome", "Nice app", "Piano lovely", "It sucks", "I love that", "Goes.2 Fast", "Trash", "Dumb", "it is really a beautiful piano tiles.", "I am in love with the game"], "Hill Climb Racing 2": ["Really enjoy this game. However the chests that appear for the adventure mode should not require a specific vehicle. This really slows down progression and makes me want to uninstall the game. If the adventure mode chest instead had requirements of vehicles i already own, i could still progress a bi...Full Review", "game is very healthy and addictive too, but there are some changes that every want. the chest(red color chest) that opens after earning 10 1st positions, shouldn't be on counter. it should open after every 10 1st positions always. plus we need fuel enlarger(or fuel tank capacity increaser) in every ...Full Review", "Dont play this game the developers are rip off merchants. We've spent all this time and money getting parts now you finally give us a scrap option just to make us wait even longer, we've already put the time and money to win them, we should get what we waited and paid back for free. Not to mention y...Full Review", "I have been playing this game for well over a year now, and each month it becomes less fun. Early on was a ton of fun, each race you always had a chance of winning. But now late game you have to have near perfect runs to get anywhere. And they now have too much paid content, this game went from bein...Full Review", "I just changed my cell phone. I tried a lot of things to backup this game but it didn't. I have lost my all previous data and achievements. Can you do something for this? How can we make a backup of the game? if you have any idea then please let me know", "This is my favorite game. but there are a lot of reasons why I rated it 1 star. 1. the overcharged turbo is freaking broken all of the time 2. the game glitches a lot which makes it hard to control and race 3. getting legendary paints and skins is SO hard and the only legitimate way is to play event...Full Review", "Hours and hours invested in this game. Spent money for upgrades. After reaching maximum upgrades and high level rank- the game blanked and my player is impossible to use. It goes to a generic \"new driver\" profile, meaning I would have to start over as a new account. Tried to contact via email- with ...Full Review", "Be aware! This game promises a 'reward' by choosing the 'watch a video' option. Even after following the advice of the HCR2 support team, I still do not receive but a few rewards by watching the videos. A gimmick? Not worth my time.", "I have been playing this game religiously for over 2 years, and it hasn't got better. I've spent some money on it but NEVER again.... you spend your time and money on a game and improve your vehicles but then they change the behavior of the vehicles, it kinda diminishes the reason for spending the m...Full Review", "Road to Legendary, good luck getting past ppl who pay for their rides. 2019 all games that make me grind to where it's not fun anymore....DELETED! You had a good run HCR2...but you didn't make the cut. Buh Bye!", "As this game has been devloped, I find it better than when I first reviewed. I still stand by my view of how the sudo multi player being an okay touch. Would be better if it was live. But I can understand the limitations. Also no 5 star because the game begs for it. Ask for a review, not a five star...Full Review", "Started out fun, but after awhile it becomes difficult to gain or win. You know in the first few seconds you don't have a chance to win the race. The more I added to my vehicle the worst it would run at times.", "since the last update it will not let me race or do anything click on it an game freezes an have to close. All of my other games still work . I like this game an have spent money on it but if not fixed will delete it's not the only game like this", "it's a fun game I have troubles with the controls every now and again, but overall it's great. My only problem is, there's something wrong with my vehicles where they hiss like a moaning girl if I level them up enough. If that can be explained and or fixed, I would appreciate it", "so many ads every race really? atleast put the ads to open chests only and it should be opened unlimited times not just 3 or 4 times. the gameplay is good, but the supercar is broken, its super expensive yet its not that fast even with max grip. with the slightest bump its over, rally car will leave...Full Review", "I used to really like this game and didn't mind the short commercials to get free upgrades, but now the game just randomly pauses to show a commercial. That's pretty annoying and makes the game unenjoyable...", "changed to a new phone however the game progress didnt come over. finger soft account agent basically flaked out when trying to get back previous progress. you would think if someone contributed to the game as I did they would do more.... your customer service lacks", "Great fun game without spending but the further you progress it gets hard to win races, if you get the best car all of a sudden you are getting beaten by the lower slower cars. Doesn't pay to get faster cars, so frustrating now I'm uninstalling", "The ads are ridiculous! There are so many ads, and so many things to get for free (upgrades and unlocking chests) that you have to watch a 30 second ad, then a demo of the ad which is another 15-30 seconds. The amount of time it takes to finish a race is less. There is an option to not have ads whic...Full Review", "Game itself is fun, but suffers from the typical free2play problem. Advancing in the game is not done by playing, but rather waiting hours and hours for boxes, watching an occasional ad or churning out a constant stream of money, which quickly adds up to stupid amounts. There's no way to \"unlock\" th...Full Review", "Good game until last update. The controls lag all of a sudden and my car drives completely different. Its like driving a ton of bricks and the pedals do not respond like they used to. What happened?", "Have been playing this game for quite awhile. Would recommend options for preferred ad content. I know ads help raise your income. (the in-game purchase prices are so over the top.) But if I could taylor the ad content that I was receiving, now, wouldn't that be a great idea! Also note that the in-g...Full Review", "Been playing for years and have all vehicles maxed out. Have to drop this to one star as now have random ads popping up during the game. Matchmaking is terrible. Bosses are faster than maxed out vehicles. New tracks are terrible.", "the game is good I love it ....but today as I opened the game... I had reached legendary 6 ... then all of a sudden its starts reducing my progress....this thing reduced all my progress and took me back to challenger 3....explain bro....explain I've been playing for almost 5months to get to legendar...Full Review", "Even with suspension and tires two levels above engine superjeep only does wheelies racing is impossible. you WILL learn to hate this game I promise you. this game is EXTREMELY UPSETTING to play", "It's not necessarily pay to win but the lack of work done to make sure that non-VIP players have a good experience is little to none. I wouldn't play this game unless you're willing to spend 60+ dollars on it. Otherwise, you're going to get peppered with ads that are supposed to provide you a free u...Full Review", "great game but everytime i win a race it either gives me points, drops me down points, or doesnt give me credit for the races i win. I cant get past the first challenger cup because of this. Fix that bug please.", "videos dont work for prizes. it cheats you out of air time and wheelie time as well. if you could fix to where you actually get points for wheelies and air time correctly it would be a lot better. also fix the video problem", "This game is very awesome. Ads are not too bad, but the \"commercial break\" ad is a little annoying. One thing I would like to see added to game is a competitive stunt arena for most points.", "it would be a nice game if it wasn't glitching so much i have deleted and reinstalled it 4X to see if it goes away but nothing getting ready to delete it again. i see that there is so many reviews of people having issues and there is no responses from the company at all why is that?", "fun game and its not over the top with ads every 2 seconds. i definatly recommed it if your trying to kill some time while you pretend to work", "nice improvements but events suck. can't see or control my man on events because some idiot decided to display all the text directly over my man", "it's a great game and super addictive but I'm having a problem with the new update recently I cant do anything online and I have tried with numerous wifi locations and my data and it does not work", "played this game for a long time. only thing it's missing atm is I wish it had moon level on adventure mode. and maybe a sandbox style level where it's JUST big ramps. great game very adictive", "Won't let me unlock any thing for the dune buggy . all so had all most every car n truck even the moon rover and game started me All over after getting my rally car with everything in the gold .", "The game can be fun...yet... The inserted commercials are obnoxious! Plenty of great games don't force that...glad to click on ads for benefits, but have decided to remove this one.", "Very fun game, loved the first one too. Think there could be some minor updates and some tweaking to the online/offline difference. However overall i have had a good time getting back into it, the new features are an added plus.", "for some reason started freezing all the time during the game, became horrible to play so i dropped this game, but it was the cool one and pleasant to play. (Huawei Honor 10)", "it is pretty disgusting how not only they have commercial breaks between every single race but they slap you with two or three commercials honestly it's a joke not worth my time", "The game is good, but there are suggestions for future updates: 1. Add new maps to the adventure: Savannah, Moon, Jungle, Nuclear Plant (or Factory) and Amusement Park (or Arena). 2. Make \"Multi Track\" (all maps in one), and this was a good completion of add maps to the adventure (there will be exac...Full Review"], "Piano Kids - Music & Songs": ["a very nice app with some obvious limitations. it would be awesome if some of the programming was moved off the main thread (in android development speak), so multitouch works. even my two year old appreciates the difference between playing one piano key or drum at abtime vs multiple. makes a real d...Full Review", "well done. my 1 year old loves it. however I would have the game to lock so he can not slide or press button that minimize or exit the game. in other words making it child proof", "3 yr old daughter loves this game! very good for learning to play as well as just listening", "useless for a kid. needs multi input support", "This is sooooooooooo bad but i also i give 5 star", "I like the game \ud83d\ude01 so-so much", "My little son loved is game. I appreciate the fact and effort.", "my child loves this app and develops his cognitive skills all the time with help of the games in this app.", "My two year old loves it .", "There is no exit button. Why?", "lots of games, music, and sounds to explore. kept my littles entertained.", "good app for all children", "my son like it..he loves to play piano..", "very interesting game", "my child loves it.", "amezing application for children", "grand daughter loves this app", "wow....amazing", "it is very amazing game", "its very educational..", "great app for kids", "I love it because it teaches my daughter how to play piano", "l Zaza la", "baby daughter loves it", "It's cool for kids even for Mom & Dad too \ud83d\ude04", "my 18 month old is quite entertained lol", "Awesome app foe kids. My son loves it.", "fun, my little brother loves it.", "Perfect app for kids", "good game for kids", "best for kids under 3 years", "I like it", "super app", "very good", "Super and excellent", "fun and laern fast way", "good for child", "Super", "good", "Kidu"], "Zynga Poker \u2013 Texas Holdem": ["I played multiple poker apps before finding this one. Zynga has them all beat. In game purchases are affordable, quick loading screens, optional paying advertisments, and great game physics are but a few of the areas this game has the others beat. Zynga is the best. Only thing it needs that it doesn...Full Review", "Hey zynga, great game. A big problem I have spotted is that: Low value tournaments have many players who shove pre-flop, so it doesn't actually feel like poker, there is no point of it if every tournament has a player who shoves pre-flop!", "Great game, But as of now I am so irritated with the game, Im considering deleting it for good!! Today is the second time that the call and fold button are so close that I've ended up losing a huge amount of coins! I spent 5 dollars on gold to get my coins up today, Then lost a 16,000,000 dollar han...Full Review", "My prefered poker app. I still cant give a great review. To much of the obvious. Rushes, junk marathons.... rewards for bingo and new players....would love to find an app i can trust. TILL,THEN I WILL NOT BUY, just sit and watch.... sorry", "pile of rubbish doesnt play fair cheats and just constantly takes chips from ya played 10 tornements in a row and lost every single one and won one hand all together utter joke", "This is a worst poker game i hv ever find. They cheat u by some fixed hands to loose ur chips n buy them for real money.. Really cheap idea", "This game is so unfair. I had over 1.4 billion chips, they banned me and will not tell me why. zynga will not respond to me not a word...", "Very fun and easy to use. Graphics are nice as are the controls. The betting options could use some work as with table availability. With that said I would still use this app if nothing ever changed. Love it.", "\u2661\u2661LOVE the NEW chat screen! \u300bAND every layout change or tweaking done DO work & look awesome. Thanks, better than I'd even thought it could even be! \u300bAdding the ability to adjust the fonts & sizing easily would be nice someday if even feasible :) NO issues seen as of this update [01/17/19] Running o...Full Review", "I love playingpoker and my health is improved so i can play more and enjoy itbetter zynga has given me my happiness back. and i enjoy my new friend s from around the world and playingpoker with them and becoming their friends. The game is played very fair and it is the best poker app. out . Trust me...Full Review", "has said i lost hand when i won and took over 20 million in chips from me", "it is excellent except for not stopping vulgar players like Arun who keep on coming on and off poker and harassing all the lady players. Thank you", "Make it easier to find people when you don't have a Facebook Account, but have a Zynga account that you log into the game with. Jeeez it's 2019, have a \"find a person's Zynga account search bar section\" OR SOMETHING THAT CAN HELP ME PLAY WITH MY FRIENDS ON THE SAME TABLE MORE EASILY, WITHOUT THAT SP...Full Review", "this game is rigged i lost 200 millions chips in 50 hands straight!! and didn't won a single hand!! this games algorithm is messed up!!", "game is not far game play.do not play it sucks.lost 200 million couldnt win a hand after awhile.", "I have no issues with this site. It is the luck of the draw.", "one thing I ask why do u have daily limit on gifts should be able to open all", "Make player interaction easier, please. Also, work on a better \"new deck\" algorithm please.", "why my acc dont have good chip promo..", "This game is extremely unfair and not secure bastard mafia zynga", "Best poker game..good graphics. Work on the cards.its so predictable", "Always loose on river, everybody plays like fake chips", "Thanks for creating a fair play and spectacular game..I enjoyed a lot..good bless u all and more power Zynga team...", "cheap as hell i had 3 pair to someones 2 pairs and it gave them the table cheating game", "unfair play always losing hand sad", "Don't play on the weekends This game must use BOTs on the weekends. Players call with cards nobody would call with and always get the cards they need. I only win games Sunday-thursday.", "Excelent! but need a very strong connection coz sometimes when you log while you play and when back to d game \"you lost a chip\" its automatic.. But all in all good!\ud83d\ude09", "Wants me to use Facebook. Just looking to play a home game.", "this game is very good i like it but the problem is the connection when logging in is very bad thats why i give it a 4 star", "Gimana cara menukarkan bonus saya , bonus promosi, permainan yg keren", "Highly addictive, yet friendly players...good time killer and practice.", "Brilliant game, keeps me from kicking the cat!!!", "This is a very bad game,don't install", "the slot machine be getting stuck", "excellent time well spent. keep it up", "Love the good game play</ on there", "Love this so much. Played a few years back and it just seems to have gotten much better 10/10", "I want to see the hands I beat. why don't you show the losing hands?", "very good game", "very bad.."], "Free Solitaire": ["Too many ads but the game seems good so far. Upon further use, I discovered there is a glitch that has you lose the game with \" No further combinations\" even when you are looking at an obvious move. I had a decent winning percentage until a few weeks ago. Lately I have won twice in the last 40+ trie...Full Review", "What I like about this Solitaire is it has ads in between each game but they don't play loud. I hate games that are loud because you can't play them in offices and other places like waiting for the doctor, etc.", "Love this game since childhood! One of the first games that I have been recognized) no special skills and strategies are required, just play for fun! Time passes with her very quickly. Who has not played everything I advise!", "I play several different solitaire games and enjoy this site because it's a no nonsense game. You win or lose, so when you lose you don't have all those keys to push just to get to the next game... Refreshing", "At last I was looking for a normal solitaire for a long time. The rest were terribly lagging, the rest did not start. And the graphics are extremely pleasant, thanks to the developers. 5+", "I did not understand how the score was caculated before. But now I really, really do not understand!!!!! Negative scores????? If it stays this way I will stop playing! I have enough stress in my life. This game one added that I can do without.", "Game play was ok until I continually refused to rate it or take up any of the many adverts at which point the game became unrealistically un winnable and unenjoyable. So I understand installed it", "I'm talking about Free Solitaire. I play it all the time..too much! About ads...it doesn't always work to hit the \"X'. Sometimes you have to click on Home and then the Free Solitaire icon I have on my home page. Ads are excessive but a small price to pay for a free game!", "It gets stuck way too often and when you're trying to play it all of a sudden it has no more moves but it keeps on suggesting stupid moves and it's the game is done there's nowhere to go with it so it just sits there and act stupid and actually does not know when to quit this game is actually retard...Full Review", "cards move too fast upon clicking-takes away feel. cards go to incorrect places, have to be moved twice", "The various finish designs. The ease of moving rows. Stats and prompts. Sometimes have been stuck with only 2 options, Replay or New Game, not allowing EXIT.", "Too many ads pop up and you ask too many times if I like it, would not Play if I did not like , just let me play and stop asking", "Like the game alot. Gets you aggravated a little bit but when you beat it. It's all good.", "Has a tendency to state there are no more moves even when all cards have been turned over and the game is complete.", "Bit getting used to to shuffle cards from right to left with packs on left side, but I enjoy it very much. Thank you!", "Too many ads, and I mean just too many, wold be ok with 2/3 of the current amount of ads", "If u think that u cannot fo any more moves perhaps a small hint would b better than a straight fail", "For some reason you guys started to put way to many ad's", "There r too many ads, I lose my train of thought! Otherwise I'm happy.", "Too many times asking me to rate it and adverts not even connected to game", "It is nice to play before start work. Refresh my memory, and I think better ! Thank You !", "Too many pop-ups and adds. Heats up my phone.", "It's ok. I'm not sure that the scoring system is accurate.", "It's a fairly fun game. Like all others way too many ads,, and the graphics are ok.", "It's easy & fun in a mindless sort of way. Certainly, not any heavy thinking.", "I'd like it better if I could exit without losing an unplayed \ud83c\udfae sometime there's only time to play one or two games would be nice if you could pause or open new games without forfeiting games you haven't played", "Get rid of the end of game animations they waste time and are really stupid", "I like the way it let you know if you don't have another move instead of having you go back multiple times.", "More stars it submitted before I could press them all.", "I like this game. If there are no more moves it ends you don't have to keep going through the deck.", "It's a pain with all the warnings and why does it have to get into your personal info?", "It keeps the mind occupied and the boredom away very additive game", "The ads are too intrusive. Often they interrupt play rather than between games. Some can't be removed until they have finished. I shan't use this app again.", "Game shuts off just when I'm getting into it and won't let me go back to finish it.", "Face paced but aggregating when I get cornered.", "Like that can play anytime and useing my mind a little more think game itself is good", "Very fun game love the way there is more then one victory ending very nicely done kudos to the developers Keep up the good work\ud83d\udc99\ud83d\udc99\ud83d\udc99\ud83d\udc99\ud83d\udc99", "I think this is relaxing and a good way to occupy yourself when you have time to kill.", "Like it but I would prefer to be able to select \"solvable\" rather than \"random\" so that I know that it is my ineptitude if I fail .", "The game is just super, you can perfectly spend your free time playing it, time flies by unnoticed. I recommend everyone to play."], "Rise of Civilizations": ["Enjoyed it at 1st but the and the pay to win part is not as bad as some make out, much like all these games that are free to play. My issue is that you get the starter pack for a champion and then to level him up you have to purchase bundles in the VIP part, they start off at 0.89p then go to \u00a38.99....Full Review", "my city was gone when i logged in... customer service wants Player name(in game): Player ID(digit number): Server/Kingdom: Device mode: Network(4G or wifi): Network supplier: Location in real world: the last login time: City hall level: The resources you have: The receipt screenshot: If you top up, ...Full Review", "so far, im addicted! everything i look for in a gathering over time stragedy, i can upgrade a bunch of stuff while offline and the best part is that they are using historical characters. I suggest creating more legends like achillies, and seigfried, even king arthur, the black knight, william wallac...Full Review", "This game is great for casual playing. You dont need to play it for an hour straight or more. 10 mins is plenty enough, you just gotta check it every several hours and fill your queue up. Like what other says, its pay to win but you dont really need to bring out a large amount as the deals and offer...Full Review", "i love this game! definitely never saw myself playing a game like this. my boyfriend plays a game similar to this on his computer and i get it now! i love the fact there are translate buttons so we can all comnunicate, you guys are always updating and bringing new challenges, and how accurate everyt...Full Review", "I love this game. I play daily and I enjoy how social it can be. But WOW the devs are shameless. This game is unabashedly P2W. The best in the game drop thousands and if you aren't prepared to spend even a little bit, you will suffer for it. Devs are content with this, apparently because they employ...Full Review", "Very nice game. Enjoyed every part of it. I Just have 2 small prep: if possible, lunching 1 server in 2 week or in a month that allows players to play in a fair environment : mean, no one get bigger by using money but by doing quests.. (1 server a month isn't much. Considering that there is a new se...Full Review", "A safe place to be a bully without being punished for your actions. As pro bully as it gets. Looks like they want me to elaborate. People are not only encouraged to bully new players, but rewarded for doing so. If you see a player that is no threat to anyone and is just trying to learn the game, mak...Full Review", "Thank you for fixing the issue guys! May i suggest in near future update if only we can fully control our troops, freely move them as whatever we like them to be, even in battling players we can move in any direction to avoid skills, attack or even increase attack depends on how we maneuver our troo...Full Review", "had a bad experience with game of war some time ago. heavily paid to win and got picked out as there was a pressure to increase your power or you'll be picked on. for this game, developers listen to players feedback and made us feel that our opinions matters. one point to respect tho, developers mad...Full Review", "It's fun to play, but loads of down side of the game! Example teleporting is a issue, due to teleporting is the key of the game. You don't get random alliance teleport as a gift, instead you have to do events or beg the leader to put one in the store or use cash to buy. The game is too fast on level...Full Review", "I like this Game. but Please Ban all those cheater and resolve this to make This Game more Balance and tactical using strategy not only base on Money and cheats! It makes us quit and delete this game! We are still here on a brink of quiting but we are holding we already created On a new kingdom mayb...Full Review", "love this game so much one of the best strategy games . but 0 free to play chance to win it's the first game i ever ever play with a 0 chances for free player and it's really 0 chance or negative 0 to win if you are a free user money just can speed up Literally a year . if your are a free user if u ...Full Review", "One of few games that actually keep me playing. It feels very rewarding and you can see yourself evolving fast. A few suggestions: Reduce side quests in early levels. Claiming 5-10 side quests with small rewards at a time feels a bit useless. Also, you could make troops custom for every civilization...Full Review", "This game is the best. Really even I am a free user I can par with P2w players all you need is strategy and planning. Here you will know about teamwork helping each other getting friends with other people. Also the game cares about us. They gave us free package everytime we are attacked. Keep it RoC...Full Review", "The game is well done. Troop movement is fairly flexible, which is a nice feature not in other rts games I have played. Find a good guild full of decent, helpful people and you will be fine. The game gives plenty of opportunity to earn what you need if you are patient, or you could buy a variety of ...Full Review", "Really love this game! The 4 stars are for the fact that when you link a game on one device on Facebook, you cannot really switch to another device, which sucks. I got to level 16 on my Android, switched to an Apple product and the linked account on my Facebook account didn't work. Had to restart a ...Full Review", "This game is awesome. The entire building, exploring, farming and battling system is good. I totally recommend. I just would like to be able to do something more useful than just sending troops for battle. I mean, there is no skill in game. Just about numbers. If I have 50k power and battle someone ...Full Review", "This game has the absolute worst customer care care I've ever experienced. The cherry on the cake was being charged twice for one bundle limited to one transaction daily, but only received it once. They have acknowledged this, but they \"can not\" give me the pack or the items that I got charged for. ...Full Review", "As a free to play user, this game is awesome as long as you can find a good clan willing to let a free to play user in their clan...there are ALOT of players that spend $$$$ and if you can't keep up they boot ya.. so if you want to enjoy this game as a free to play user make sure to let the clan kno...Full Review", "I would not recommend this game for anyone. Yes it is fun at first, and yes it is addictive, but they shamelessly try to milk you for all the money you have. What starts out as 1 euro paymant for some usefull stuff, quickly turns into 20 euro. You basicly have to pay this to be able to keep up with ...Full Review", "If you are NEW to this game read this warning. First i have to admit that this is a nicely made and unique game , its very addicting and interesting, BUT the P2W in this game is the strongest you can get. Dont bother playing if you are not willing to spend at least 500$ . There is no way you can max...Full Review", "been playing this game for a good 6 months spending ALOT of money on it enjoying being with my friends on there till yesterday when i was wrongfully banned for using a script which i would never use i dont even use online banking let alone a script. i emailed and asked for a full investigation but t...Full Review", "Be careful with purchases. If the game quits working during a purchase, it still charges even though yhe error message will tell you it didnt. it also only sent me one email in game. i would have not known until the bill arrived if googleplay wouldnt have sent an email. I talked with Joey who inform...Full Review", "I like to play war games and RTS games all the time. And when I usually play the ones on my phone, I never keep them for very long because I get bored of them. But this game is epic! I love everything about it. And the ideas they have for the future are only more epic!! A definite must have for peop...Full Review", "its a fun game. and I enjoy playing it. I've progressed quite far in 9days and have not spent any money yet. my only concern is that we are small and there are big and ruthless alliances that go to no end to destroy you... which makes the game hard to play. I feel there should be a bit of a safer pl...Full Review", "Could have been a perfect game if there will be a certain purchase limit for p2w players per day or per week. This is not a game of strategy anymore but a money game. New kingdoms have already 2mil powers even from the very first day!! As a f2p, im getting bored already and pissed by nearby p2w bull...Full Review", "The game was a great one but lately it's been more about money.. Devs making several attempts to remove cheaters as well.. I've been at this game more than 5 months now but today after buying 20 gold chests to get only 2 legendary char pieces! Lol how much will I end up paying to level legendary her...Full Review", "this is a well made game. i love how you can play happily without paying a dime, but if youre the type to pay to level up faster, it rewards that too. too many games leave little or nothing to entertain you without paying, but here theres hundreds of things to do always. Im hooked :)", "If you don't pay them you will get annihilated and its a brutal grind. I have no issue with the grind it's normal. But then as you gather resources over massive effort the people who pay just come and snatch it all then take it back to their castle.So you pretty much gather it for them.The safe stor...Full Review", "played for 6 months putting in hundreds of dollars, then a higher level alliance cleans your city and you can't earn it back without spending more money unless play for another 5 months to catch up to the people that's going to clean you again. Can't even teleport outside of a zone to get away, sit ...Full Review", "Just another poorly planned game where new players get curb stomped by players so large that they don't have a chance against them. I have been playing this game for more than 2 months I am at 1 million points but the large Clans have top guys in the 100 million power range. They often go rampaging ...Full Review", "Great game. Have logged in for over 200 days straight with no problems..... Until this morning. Now, when i go to log in, the loading bar reaches 70% and tells me my network connection is unstable and prompts me to start over. This cycle continues over and over wthout ever loading past 70%. I am cer...Full Review", "pay 2 win game. skill has nothing to do with the game. great concept but money kills this game and they even have developers playing to get you to try and keep up with them by spending more. greedy company with a great game. crashes several times a day and refuses to make a fair game. and worst cust...Full Review", "For those new to this game, don't bother starting. Every server is full of paid mercenaries ready to be hired to ruin the game. There's no fairplay and no fun in the end. Unless you feel gratified paying others loads of money to 'win'.", "Did an in game purchase, they got full payment... but I never got my items!! Now there basically trying to offer me less items... (SMH). Horrible customer service!! Its like going to the grocery store and purchasing dozen eggs, then the cashier takes your eggs that you paid for already and gaves you...Full Review", "Used to be 5 stars but dropped down to 3. The game is pretty good and addictive but the customer service is AWFUL. I've opened a ticket about a very simple matter and all their responses since then are as if they are mocking me. Pretty soon the rating will drop to 1 star Edited: due to your immediat...Full Review", "Very Good game but only 3 stars... Because where is Alexander the Great?King Leonidas?Themistocles? Alkiviadis?Pyrros of epirus?Emperor Constantine?Emperor Heraclius? Vasil Tsimiskis?Velissarius?Narsis?Emperor Justinian?Are u anti Greek?or are u planning an Expansion? -- removed 1 more star as I m n...Full Review", "puting one star for trash customer services. someone i know got double charged for a pack they admit it(its a bug) and the only respond was we can only give you 600 gems even tho the pack worth 3700 according to them. SHAME. not spending one more penny.", "amazing game. quite addictive. the map is MASSIVE. wish you could have more than 2 slots for upgrading buildings especially when you're higher level. there are still some slight issues like: finding pass quest, buildings still on fire even though wall is completely at 100%. there is so much spam and...Full Review"], "International Fashion Stylist: Model Design Studio": ["after a recent negative review i finally got a response, however the contact email they asked me to use does not work so i still feel that there customer service is horrible", "Where have you been all my life?? I mean I'm looking for something like this for years!", "Good", "in my original review, had no probs with the game.... It wasnt until i started using the double ups that the fits hit the shan and it still kicks me out of the dang thing! PLEASE FIX IT SO OTHERS WHO USE THE LG STYLO 4 MAY PLAY IT! THANK YA", "A Game for All Ages- My 6 year old daughter saw me playing this and begged to try it. She loves it! My only complaint is that I wish the items that you bought would show up without going to your closet. It's frustrating to have a closet full of pieces and then getting the message \"this may not be ri...Full Review", "Not enough selection. Gives ideas on how to style yet there is nothing to pick from that resembles the suggestion. Puts dresses out for selection but then doesn't offer shoes that match. Scoring system is seriously flawed as I can put together a flawless style and get a 2, then I make the most hideo...Full Review", "I am addicted to this! It reminds me of playing paper dolls when I was a child..children miss out today...their childhoods and imaginations are stole. This game gives me the enjoyment of remembering mine.", "fun, relaxing, and very much timw consuming, so if you are a person **!**LIKE ME**!** Lmao, who is a manic anxiety ridden, depressed individual this game is a great start to hwlp you control your Anxiety and Lessing your depression, having control over it, instead of it controling you.. this is a gr...Full Review", "i love this game so much but when ever you play two levels it will back and start from the beginning. and if you buy any items and the game back it self the items will delete, to me is like you waste the coin please this game need more upgrade. i love it", "It started out great, but hasn't been working very well lately. Some of the clothing doesn't fit on the model properly. Also, I have lost to a half dressed model more than once.", "love this app and the visual designing aspects. The new update added more varieties to choose from which i like many options in fashion. Wish it also had a shop design option too or an office design option too for more designing capabilty ideas . The client should lighten up on discouragement as thi...Full Review", "I found this game due to my 8 year old daughter playing, I downloaded it while at work an I havent put it down yet! I thrive to get a rating of 10 on each level! Its fun thrilling & never a dul moment \u261d We aboslutley love it!", "It's a good fashion game, but have excessive ads. You can't play one simple level without at least 2 ads of 30 secs. Also, the levels are pretty much the same and don't have daily prizes or events.", "its good butn its kinda dirty... sooooooooo please fix that or make all the #HOT stuff free and everything free and you just gotta give your name for coins your nickname and then you get how much any coins you want", "I love getting dressed up in real life. But I don't have a large budget for expensive clothes, so playing this game allows me to dream a little bit. Get ready, because it is addictive. \ud83d\ude00", "I like this game because it helps me calm down and there are not many add's and really relaxing. And it helps me work on my fashion", "Awesome app...i love it...\ud83d\ude18but sometimes it closes itself...\ud83d\ude2ci felt addiction of this game which i never want..\ud83e\udd2fm uninstalling it.. \ud83d\ude1ebut for new comers it is vey nice app to play.. \ud83d\ude41must install it ...\u263a\ufe0f\u263a\ufe0f", "I like this game cuz it's very cute you get to dress up and customize I love it so much whoever invented this is a great person but everybody is a great person I love you whoever invented it not like that kind of love okay hear me.", "its a fab game. I just simply love it for its organisation and even if your money is over no problem because you can use things that are for free", "Why is this game so rude. My person that I designed looked great,but they rated me a 5\\10 which is unblieveable because she looked outstanding!!!\ud83d\ude44\ud83d\ude44\ud83d\ude44.", "Love the app. Ready for more single and multiplayer levels to be added \u2764 edit-taking way to long for more levels. changing to 4 stars till more levels are added. cant play without more levels. also a few levels are rigged so you can't possibly get more then 6 or 7 stars.", "Uninstalled because the app became very glitchy. Also crashed alot in the middle of watching an ad for more coins, so i was cheated out of coins i could receive.", "I think this is a creative and fun game however sometimes when you select a piece of clothing it is not on the person where you want it to be-the skirt may be too low or the top can be too low which shows part of the naked body.Other than that I think it is a great game.it would be amazing if you co...Full Review", "some pauses here and there but it's a very fun game and it's agitational if you ever want to be a styler when you grow up it's a very nice game but the controls but it aren't so nice so maybe if you like nice controles you might get a little frustrated but it's a very nice game other than that so yo...Full Review", "It's was really an amazing experience to play this game with all my heart but it doesn't work after a while. you just fix this issue", "too many adverts. waste of time. otherwise its fun. please do something about i", "I'm not sure how these outfits are rated, but the developers are very prejudice. It's a cool app, nonetheless. However, stop super imposing!!!", "I LOVE IT ITS VERY ADDICTIVE MY MOM IS COOKINH THEN SHE SAID WHAT ARE U PLAYING I SAID FADHION AND IM SHOCKED SHE IS ALSO ADDICTIVE TO THIS HONOR AND DESERVING GAME LOVE IT DOWNLOAF IT PLSSSSSSSSS THANK U", "It is very easy to use also it could add more clothing that's free and that are classic and cool but sexy . But that's just my opinion so you might like it better than me.", "Can you please change the background music of this game? Please put some fashion songs or modelling songs, please if this update is done then I would be more excited to play with interest. Please.....\ud83d\ude14\ud83d\ude13\ud83d\ude14\ud83d\ude22\ud83d\ude22", "I like this game so much when I saw this game i wanted to install it you just don't know \ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude2d but they won't let me download it so I am mad I love dighing", "liked this game before the update. Now I can't earn points from judging. Doesn't seem to be other levels. Disappointed.", "It is very nice game.I love this game veey much.But I thought how I unlock the multiple round?Please, give me the answer.", "I've been playing this game for 3 days majority losing but I really enjoy it strive to be better I am editing the rest of this it keeps on stopping and starting over I really enjoy the game but it needs to be fixed upgraded or something", "In the achievments it says you can vote on styles however there is no option even after I completed all levels for both.", "was working marvelous the first day. second day, the game started glitching and foreclosing!! Please Fix!", "Had A-blast could not put it down was up all night! But I ran out of outfits I need more outfits to dress the models!", "This is a great game, but the first time I downloaded it at play it, it gets hang and all of the levels is only one theme.It never gets back so I decided to uninstall it to get back. hope you do something about it.", "Really nice, especially if you would like to be a stylist or designer, it puts you in practice mode and you have experience with others taste in fashion really enjoyable.", "there is a lot of adds but other than that they rate the outfits very Honestly and every thing but the adds are Awsome\u2764\ud83d\ude18"], "Granny": ["Absolutely great game. I love it. I also have a couple of suggestions and I think they are great so please cansider adding them in. I think you should add a keyring where you can hold up to 3 keys on it. Or add a pocket so you can hold a second item as holding 1 thing is not realistic. Add a secret ...Full Review", "The game is cool i liked every thing in the game. Please Dvloper if you are reading this please consider adding the following ideas for the update: 1. Another way to escape granny's house (any way to escape) 2. Another way to defend your self against granny like an electric controler that zaps grann...Full Review", "I love this game. I love how you get 5 days, which means you have 5 attempts to escape, and in my opinion, thats amazing. and I have some recommendations for the next update. 1) can you put a new secret room?but not just covered with boxes, but like a lever to pull so it can open? 2) can u put a new...Full Review", "This is one of the best games even im not old enough i still love it i have some suggestions for a future update 1. Add a secret room but its not hidden with boxes or anything like that you need a secret key and inside its a room with the master key 2. A multiplayer button and a singleplayer button ...Full Review", "This game is so awesome! Best game ever. I have some suggestions for the next update. I think you should be able to summon slenderman and there should be more rooms. I also think there should be a impossible mode with Grandpa working for Granny. There should also be a room with all of the dead bodie...Full Review", "Oh Vloper, I've never played any of your other games but this one is different. This one is very unique, and recently you released it on PC? The graphics are great on there! Ia there anyway you could update the overall graphics of this version to make it look like the PC version. People are getting ...Full Review", "Horror game where you have to escape from a house. Purpose is simple, don't get caught by the grandma. It's a well developped game with an oppressing music all along the five days. Sometimes some surprising screamers (especially under the bed lol), and granny loves bears traps so be careful about th...Full Review", "good game. Its cool that the objects or randomly genarated(?). Its scary when she randomly is there and ya never noticed (lol)! The only real problem is she hits you when you're on the stairs or hits ya from da wall...! Its good though, like the updates. ps well done on the games sucsses(cant spell ...Full Review", "I love this game more new updates plz. Love granny's Christmas hat and tree. I recommend on Christmas day put presents under them. That would be so cool. Other than that I recommend everyone to play this game!! \ud83d\ude00 And you know about the weird shining glow near the well, I'm not sue pre if that was i...Full Review", "the update is so cool and i wish you can put these in the 1.7.0 update. 1 granny should have a 2nd pet in the backyard a evill dog. 2 the house will have more rooms. 3 a bedroom of slendrina with pictures from the slendrina games. 4 multiplayer. 5 a way for granny to kill you. note dvloper if you se...Full Review", "[1.6] I detect the bug. There's a bug when you backing up this game. Then, of course before you install the apk, the app is already unistalled. I install the apk of granny (backed up: 1.6) but I open this game but not working anymore. The menu is not appearing, only the title screen. Please fix this...Full Review", "I have some ideas for the next update. I have four ideas. The first should be more cool easter eggs. The second should be a handgun that you get 20 shots and it takes two-four for granny to be out. The third should be a new helper for granny like slenderman or slendria or a new pet only in harder mo...Full Review", "This is everything you would see in a scary (Horror) movie! like the Grandma. (she looks like a witch '-') Granny, scouts the house not letting you pass her if she sees or hears you. she will move quickly or slowly based on mode. Granny doesnt kill you until she thinks you've done enough. She then p...Full Review", "granny is a nice game to play but i think there are more scary games like resident evil 7, outlast,and i know that outlast and resident evil 7 are console games so this will be a mobile game. Evil nun is scary because the nun crawls after you in vents. also i would love if you would make this in the...Full Review", "This game could have some better graphics, and a bigger house, with a lot more items and different types of Grannys if you win one game or add achievements so you can get a Granny that is wearing something else. You should so that because that would be pretty cool. Especial with the achievements! Pl...Full Review", "I love this game, but there are some other things you should add to the game which are as follows: You should put a small radar or map type thing, which will help us to know where granny is at that time. The multiplayer idea was also awesome. There should also be some other techniques or things from...Full Review", "After downloading the game, i choce the difficulty and clicked continue to go to the game, it had a black screen for a small period of time then kicked me out! I uninstalled it and installed it multiple times but the same thing keeps happened. Just to let you know that i'm using an Ipad.", "I have had this game for a year now. it is one my favorite mobile games out there. me and my friends were hoping you could bring a multiplayer type thing in. like 2 players at the least. so if you are reading this thanks and keep up the good work.", "this is the best mobile horror app that I have ever played. but I got ideas of what should be added to make the experience more fun. 1.a timer for when you knock granny out 2.at the end there should be a maze that you got to escape after getting out of the house. 3.new way to escape 4.new game over ...Full Review", "This is a good game that is tied down with delayed controlls. I can't play it anymore. They are so bad that I can't pick up an object without readjusting 1000 times. By that time guess who shows up. It's too inconsistant. The use of FINE camera movement is what is needed for picking up shotgun shell...Full Review", "Basically, it won't let me get into the game, it let's me pick what a want like if I want extra locks or if I want the game on normal, but after I read granny is crazy...and I press okay, it just keeps on loading and then soon enough it kicks me out if the game, I have tried deleting the game and th...Full Review", "i love the game. Btw can you pls update it so the bear is closer to the crib. And if u dont mind can u pls make it so theres another way to escape? Like for example in the shed or can u put a daytime mode instead of night? Im just wondering u dont have to", "Really good horror game that is really confusing at the start and you slowly learn more and more about it. I really hope this game gets more updates (maps, secrets etc.).VeRy NiCe Imagine Granny multiplayer... I don't know if that's a good idea or a bad one, it would be fun to play with friends", "its okay that we lose a day if we get caught but can anyone run forever, can you add stamina to the game Easy: Stamina depletes slower, 20% lost for canstant running for 4-5 minutes. Normal: Your stamina depletes 50% when running for about 3-5 minutes. Hard: Your stamina depletes faster. 60% lost af...Full Review", "It is a great game 10/10 It is realy fun and there is a lot of secrets like (spoiler alert ) on top of the shed in the back yard there is a note possibly from the last person saying Help!It is also written with blood.i have had this game since it came out and have never unistalled it because it is f...Full Review", "Well it won't let me get in.After choosing difficulty I clicks okay then it starts loading after some time it kicks me out of the game. I just downloaded the game and this problem happened. Please solve this problem.", "it was fun but I think for the garage door you should add a wire going to a secret room outside in the backyard what you need is a crowbar to get in scissors to cut a cord in order to get the object to cut the wire. also pls add a Easter egg regarding to slenderinas child. new idea add a lever that ...Full Review", "please don't take down the nightmare mode I love it so much. And also another suggestion is you should add mods and different themes to the house and granny of your choice and even having the option to change granny's weapon if that was the new update that would be amazing\ud83d\ude42\ud83d\ude42", "It's very good game or horror\ud83d\ude31\ud83d\ude31. I was searching a horror game from too many years but now I find it. I suggest everyone to download this game and play because it's very hard to complete it. I have played practice too many time so, I can be master on easy mode but I was unable to be but before few...Full Review", "The game is great I must say. But the changes made me confused a bit. 1. The game is now a little laggy especially in nightmare mode. 2. The game consumes more battery. But it is still good that I am still expecting this changes in the new version: 1. No lag. 2. More rooms like security cam room, wh...Full Review", "Can be scary when you don't,the expect it . It's so fun and a big house to explore. I've been knocked out by granny so many times but it's funny sometimes,I like to scare my sister with it.but there's one problem, I wish you could see the character", "Actually when i first time playing this game, i was just practising and we have to Find all Thing to get out. But the reason is on Garage I was getting 'Padlock key n' sometimes when i open the Garage door there is a wall please fix this and Upstairs there is a spider, when i go up there. The spider...Full Review", "It's a challenging game... But I don't like how if there is a space I have to get to by crouching and granny places a bear trap in front of me I walk in it and get stuck because I can't remove the bear trap", "That game is good. I like it, but it have some problems on my other android device.The player automatically moves the joystick and I died 4 times like that. He walks and fall from the gap in the attick,and sometimes the my device hangs. Maybe there's A problem in my device or maybe there's a problem...Full Review", "I love this game but it's hard to find the newest updates for the game granny. I can oley find the 4.5 nothing more and I want to get the newest one hen you wake up in the forest then go around the house with a flashlight. How I know about the newer one is because I have seen people playing it on yo...Full Review", "When I hit granny with crossbow, the game says she will not be able to hit me for 2 mins. But it is not true at all! After just 2 or 3 secs, she comes after me. That's not fair\ud83d\ude21if the game says 2 mins then it should be two mins,please. Otherwise, loved the game\ud83d\ude18", "the game is really fun and worth while, i've even seen a proxy mark on the floor(no telling where) and i think the game has some hidden lore. i feel as though the game could be improved by making it scarier and a little more suspenseful. Having more lore would be great too.", "Well right now this is the best game ever!!!!!!!!! But I just have one tiny problem is it ok if on easy mode granny moves just a bit slower? please I'm hoping an update comes soon with that! this game really is a starting game to face ur fears from other horror games other than this u guys are amazi...Full Review", "It wont even let me in. Like i open the app and it says the name of the creator and then just is a black screen. Im not an impatient person and i loved this game when i had it last downloaded but im just a little disappointed that it wont let me in...", "this game is the best horror game I 've played in my life.My sejestions for the new update are adding baby spiders with the spider. 2, add a third way to escape.3, add a a new room that has a scorpion.4, add an aka 47 gun . And add a new escaping ending."], "Live or Die: Survival Pro": ["This game feels like a reskinning of a different game (ie, Westland survival). The only thing better about it is that you are given better initial equipment, which you lose as soon as you die, the in-game purchases are organized better, and crafting menu is grouped. This game is worse in that other ...Full Review", "seems like a pretty cool game but all the extra waiting time to travel place to place or to wait to rejuvenate and aquire energy.... and the need to spend more real $ money for more unlocks ruins it. i understand that the goal is to make an addicting game but to ask for so much money to speed things...Full Review", "game would be fun but very buggy and the mechanics are way off. leveling does nothing for you, cutting down oak trees and receiving pine logs, radio never tells you when the vendor is around or what he wants to trade so to deal with him you have to run to him find out what he wants then run back get...Full Review", "The game would be a lot more fun if it didn't cost so much energy to move from place to place. You use up your energy in just one round trip and then it might let you watch a few ads but then your done and have to pay to play. I know your trying to make money but it's not cool to be so greedy. Weapo...Full Review", "From 5 stars it's 3 stars! It's really getting monotonous! Halloween is over a month back and there is no update! Even if I go to the adventurer, there are no tasks! Common guys! Don't make it boring!", "highly similar to \"Last day on Earth: Survival\" but with many improvements to performance for low to mid tier phones. LdoE:S is more intense on memory ram graphics and internet. the only thing keeping this game from that fifth star in my opinion is that there is another game so similar but at the sa...Full Review", "after the new update I'm not been able to open the game. some type of connection issue warning use to come..please help me to open it.. you guys please solve the problem..", "after the new update there are no ash or oak logs only pine logs are there i searched every place but there were only pine log plz fix this issue i purchased this game and did a lot pf inpurchases . I dont want to unistall it.", "mediocre. there's some kind of glitch in the tutorial. It's telling me to go to the post office to collect food, but I've been all over my bade and all over the available map and cannot find it. the controls are a bit choppy. you have to carefully hit them sometimes while other times it seems to cli...Full Review", "since the last update i only get pine logs from trees where i usually get ash logs I can't get other logs even if the location has 2nd level tree please fix these i wont be able to make or upgrade tool if this happens ill stop playing this", "I can go into the military base already, the bed I build can't even be use. I try to pick up, and relocate, also cannot work. I like this game, but starting to feel that it is not worth it.", "Great game! Cheaper priced in game purchaces Good graphics Good amount of energy & recharge rate Decent output damage in the early levels Possible improvements: Offline mode would be nice Purchaced items don't persist after death Limited inventory space for the amount of materials needed when going ...Full Review", "it looks to be a pretty good game but the start is already where I had problems I couldn't advance the quest because I already took the rope and made a backpack before the quest because of the free starter pack so I'm kinda just stuck at what to do", "The game is very awesome and the graphics and missions are very good... I just have one little comment. There are no oak wood..i can only find Ash and pine logs but I can't find any oak trees.That's a huge problem so Please update the game as soon as possible and try to make more improvements to the...Full Review", "amazing games always! I love your creativity and I really appreciate all the hard work you guys put into this game. been playing since beta in an older device and older game and to see how far its come I'm very impressed. always room for improvement but I see a bright future for this game and this c...Full Review", "[Edit] I was somewhat disappointed that someone killed me right in the very beginning, so I left a worse review first. Anyway, the game isn't that bad, but it doesn't add anything new compared with other similar games. I played five or more of these games and can give these tips, if the developers a...Full Review", "This is a stupid game play where you pause for a split second in your inventory then some survivor beat you and you don't have time to react to it. I've died more times with the glitch where I can't get out of my inventory and I get attacked. I played for 2 days and I can tell this is purely a paid ...Full Review", "its a very good survival game but when i had a pistol a zombie and a survivor came after me so i started shoting but they almost killed me so i ran away and when i was a safe distance i started shoting at them but it wasnt shoting.", "I love this concept of the game and how ita based on survival... But i wish whenever you died you wouldnt loose all of your clothes and everything on your person... if you could respawn and have all of your stuff still it would make it a hell of alot easier to get more stuff... because when you die ...Full Review", "reduce the HORRENDOUS travel timegate. other than that, good game.", "A good game ot runs smoothly on my phone even with high graphics mode (if you set it to high graphics looks like the real life ) well done developers a good game", "unresponsive control buttons, lots of bugs it sucks just downloaded but I'm uninstalling it now....", "The Money so high, but this game so amazing! The zombie so crazy, hahaha! Thanks you, i enjoy this game so much ;)", "game kicks upon trying to enter areas and kicks within 2 min of playing fix this please", "This was worth downloading, this is a very addictive game! I love the way you play is, I just wish you got more coins now and then, Its a good game", "a bit harder to play at 1st but slowing become a sample game to play here and there...", "so far so good. it's in the development stages so some hitches to work put. I am looking forward to seeing what the devs have to offer in the future.", "its not to bad needs to be tweaked you run outta food and water to fast this dude drinks and eats constantly.", "least to say, it's quite envolving game, gameplay is quite a notch, just cut down on reach time, if possible....", "The game isn't even that good, whenever you try to open something, ad!", "iv played many servival games and this one is the best i came accross. good job developers", "Can't even load the game without it crashing 10/10 IGN recommended", "ES MUY BUENO EL JUEGO ME ENCANTA EL MODO DE JUEGO ACABO DE INICIAR Y LOS GRAFICOS SON DE LO MEJOR M LO QUE NO SE ES SI SE PUEDE JUGAR CON OTROS JUGADORES", "it's got a couple annoying glitches but nothing really game breaking.", "its better if the item dont have level requirement, this ia a aurvival gamae, theres no level requirement in life for certain item, it makes it more adventurous gathering item, and make the game more exciting nag realistic", "stupid game wasted my money i want it back .cube survival is more fun than this game", "Literally Last Day on Earth but with terrible controls and auto selects items that I never wanted to pick up", "awesome game easy to play simple to learn", "i enjoyed the concept of the game however i crafted a backpack before I was told to and it prevented the quests from advancing.", "divertido e desafiador, coisas que sao dif\u00edceis de se achar em um jogo hoje em dia, esse jogo \u00e9 tudo isso."], "My Bakery Empire - Bake, Decorate & Serve Cakes": ["The CoCo games are fantastic! But you have to pay for alot. Can you maybe stop us having to pay for loads and there should be a place where you can talk to other bakers on the game and bake cakes together and stuff like that - in other words be able to interact with others. I think that that would b...Full Review", "I do like this game but way to many ads and having to pay tye full version that sucks. Then sometimes there a lock on the stuff we need for decorations for customers but we cant get it that very stupid. Remove locks i would really love this game if i didn't have to pay frickin 10 dollars to enjoy it...Full Review", "Thank you so much for making this game..i love it so much, the cakes looks so yummy, I hope I can eat it, and I like we can decorate adn give it to the customers that orders delivery, or they come to the bakery shop. I also like the cake competition, makes me decorate like crazy. Just a little advic...Full Review", "I like it but every time im doing her clothes and i press the button in the bottom left corner that i assume is for makeup the screen goes slightly darker as if its loading and after realising that ive waited ten miutes ive given up on the idea of makeup. But i enjoy most other aspects of the game <...Full Review", "beautiful graphics but a ton of ads... once you watch the video to open add ons..sprinkles.. straws etc that should be the only time you have to do it.. not every single time.. would definitely continue to play.. love the concept of decorating and baking.. and the contests are terrific but not sure ...Full Review", "I like it but, I play it The don't put a teach hands any buyers Because we know how to cooking and bake. If I start Baking caking please don't put a Teach hand because i know how bake, im so tired To wait because it have teaching hand. Please can you put a any flavor of The shake because green shake...Full Review", "OMG I love this game so so much it is like you are in real life cooking. It is awesome and cool you can go in challenges with other people. And customize your own character. And if you mess up on your food you still get money. It is And one I love I hope you do to.", "Good for a child. Some of the ads take a while to start/load, making you \nthink that there's some problem. Luckily I convinced my daughter to wait \nand not hit the back arrow or escape out of the game, and a minute later \nthe screen came back.", "Ive been looking fpr a realistic cake and bakery decorating game like this one. The possibilities are endless on what you can decoate with. There are tons od ads, but so far you dont need real money, sp thats the trade off. Im ok with it though.", "This game is very good..You can gave it to your child...and they can play it all the day.. I just love this game..But there is only 1 problem with this game..You have to watch a long video for buying something We have to buy on your gold coins so why we have to watch video???.And sometime...May have...Full Review", "It is nice game ,but the things are mostly locked. So I am always third. For ex:- In the doll cake there is no doll to put on the top then how we are going to bake it.The decoration is locked", "It's a very good game\ud83d\ude42\ud83d\ude42 my daughter enjoyed it very much there are lots of cakes \ud83c\udf82\ud83c\udf82 ice creams\ud83c\udf67\ud83c\udf68 cookies\ud83c\udf6a\ud83c\udf6a donuts\ud83c\udf69\ud83c\udf69 and many more but there is a problem that why most of the things are locked and videos and ads so pleaseeeeeee........ go through my request \ud83d\ude4f\ud83d\ude4f\ud83d\ude4f and overall this is very g...Full Review", "I Like this game but there's a question about the game why most of the things are locked and the customers always asks for the things that are not opened. And even after watching the ads the items won't get opened. Will you please help us with this whoever got this problem. By the way the game is ni...Full Review", "There's a lock in every thing that my customer need..what about those kids don't have a internet connection..we can't unlock it.please unlock it. I love the game.I just can't complete there order because of the locks.", "This game is amazing . And the fabulous thing in this game is the competition. But the princess cake it cost so much. The Coco play should unclock all the levels after completing the previous level without any purchase.This game is very interesting to play I loved this game.\ud83d\ude19\ud83d\ude19\ud83d\ude19\ud83d\ude19\ud83d\ude19", "I like this game is at the end of the night before and after that I have a good idea and the night with my husband has to offer you a big deal but I love it when we get the latest in the latest flash and I am looking to move to move in on this email has changed since I am a little while and after pi...Full Review", "Its a good game for kids. But it has a lot of in-app purchases which trouble me a lot. I am not able to buy those . This is the reason I cannot enjoy the whole game. Tere is also no option to switch off tutorials", "Too slow, I think it would be nice if everything was prepped (fruit and things cut up,batter already made) then you put it in the blender,oven etc. It wasn't what I was expecting... Also way too many ads and you can't even try the clothes on without it instantly buying it... Definitely for younger c...Full Review", "Stop putting advertising on kids games! Of course they try to click on it, and I'm tired of having to close it out. If it's a game made for children- Don't put video ads on it. She loves making the cakes, but I'm about to uninstall due to the excessive video ads.", "I think this is too good game but I want to show and play this game on offline and without any paid all things are opened. If you want to make your lovers, so please accept my request and if you can't do this in this game , so please make like this game on the name 'sweet backrey empire 2'. Please a...Full Review", "I like this game but there is a problem we can unlock cake decoration & while playing online i can use them by watching add but not everytime. Concept & execution is best but im having having problem with decoration unlocking they ask money", "I installed this app for my daughter. Now I'm addicted too. We love taking turns cooking and decorating. The only bad thing about this game is the fact that it makes me crave sweets. Love love love it!", "I like this game a little but not so much because we need to pay if we want all the decorations we need to have on the cake and the customers also ask the decorations we don't have so that is a problem that's why I don't love this game but my small sister likes it so that's why I am keeping this gam...Full Review", "I \ud83d\udc98 this game so much because its inspiriing and shows you how to make real \ud83d\ude0b treats,cacks and all that good stuff i think. Not 5 but 10 stars i totaly permanitly love it\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83d\ude07\u2728\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude01", "I really hate the ads every second. You play ( make a cakenor smoothie one time and you get an ad) seriously disappointed) other than that, it's a fun game.", "This game is awsome and best game in my phone. This game is very special for me. In every contact I win \ud83c\udfc6 first price. But not only this game all the games of coco play by tab tale are really fantastic. I love your all games. Thank you for such type of games. I really love your all games \ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97...Full Review", "Nice game but I rated it 4 stars because too many things are locked, so Coco play by tab tale please unlock things because you also know that money is very precious, can't waste on a game.", "It's a very good game and a common game and it's a very well skilled of a game like I never seen anything like it and it's pretty cool so I think who's ever reading this to make more updates but we shouldn't have to buy stuff that we don't need for this game", "this game was amazing at first but then now it has been loading since morning and there is nothing different happening.the contests are good but when I unlock things like straws and etc,it uses real data and when the next time I enter a contest that wants the straws I have to watch the adds again an...Full Review", "I gave only 1 \ud83c\udf1f in gameplay because it always says me to buy the things even when I donot like it there is not even a single shop where everything is updated when people ask for those I cannot delete it from the mobile and the massage is kept like this only but else everything is fine good also not...Full Review", "It is the best cooking game that I play in 9 years it is not boring but having too many ads I loved it it is the best game I ever played this is the best cooking game you should play this it is not boring those who tell bad reviews of this game should be punished this is the best game I had played v...Full Review", ". From the last few days this week detailed and I like it I love it but I hadn't from the front of it I can do that is detailed and going to be able to game but I haven't played it yet so I will contact your back so see you when I'm done with the game if I don't like it from the flu last few months ...Full Review", "Way, way to many freaking ads! Just when u start having some fun another damn ad pops up to stop u from what u are doing. Not worth the aggregation.", "It is a mind blowing and very nice games for those who love cooking but the only problem I had was that it had a lot of in app purchases for one of the food items also there were in app purchases so some of the desserts I was not able to make them otherwise it's a very nice game", "Need to fix bug. I was decorating the cake then it suddenly back to home. And i have to start all over again. Really hates it!!!!", "It is fun before before I try this game I didn't really like anything to bo with baking even gams but now I love everything to bo with bakig cus you made me fill like it is meant for me it is the best best best fun gam o and my littl sisters love it to . S .k", "This game is very addicting and fun. I can not get enough of this game.This game deserves a 10 star rating but I can only give it 5. I absolutely love it, thank you Empire Games\ud83d\ude0d", "I love it Did you know how much I love this super entertaining game? I think it is a very good game of the World of baking and this is the best game I have ever played also I have a lot of fun on this very special game. I will be a good fan of your game making job! Please let me know if you are the ...Full Review", "I love the idea of being in a good position to make it happen in a way I am very happy to have the best possible and best possible future for me as well and best I am in a position where we have a good chance to win it is the last thing I have ever seen and it will come back and hopefully I will get...Full Review", "This game is good but while decorating a cake there is some problem..like many features of the decorative things doest appear and there is a lock in the things...so if you can improve the decorating things then we can be happy"], "Chess": ["Well this has been real fun so far, I have won and lost to the computer so it's not always easy. I think that you developers have done a fantastic job on this app. I am glad that I picked this one even though I haven't tried any of the others yet and there are a few of them, this one is cool. Thanks...Full Review", "Excellent step laddered self-teaching method toward elevating one's level of expertise while simultaneously recallng Chess rudimentary strategies. This Prince version does gamely evoke a persoanal sense of achievement.", "GAME IS ABSOLUTELY EXCELLENT AND EXCEPTIONAL! I played the 1st game I smashed it and got chek mate and unlocked the beginning level\ud83d\udc4dThe graphixs and attention to detail are the best! \u20ac\u00a9\u00a9", "If you move your piece three times over back and forth, it makes the game go into a draw, but if the damn AI does that, it NEVER does that and makes itself the winner. Please fix this bug. For now, I leave this game with one start and uninstalling it.", "candidate master level now very great game before u play two players ,i recommend playing computer to unlock the level with your brain remember have patients and dont give up but learn learn learn ,best game on planet earth", "Instead of playing other silly games you can try this . It is a good excercise to our brains. And I had good experience with this game", "its the best chess game out for now but it calls the game a draw when the cpu/ai realizes it cant win no matter what thats my only complaint everything else great", "Makes u slow down and think before every strategic move helps develope youre mind also great for a hobby, to the designer great job u deserve congratulations and more.", "the view on top does nOt disPlay like b4,, chess pieces was change to letTers,, im nOt coMfortaBle oN the 3D coz pieces blocks each other when There close to each other,, uninstalL if nOt fix,", "Excellent. Careful about the ads, some tend to border on vulgarity and indecent exposure.", "it was very challenging. i just started playing chess so i learned alot", "This is very bad, whenever I win they declared as a draw", "it's very pathetic app when I came to win the game it automatically draw", "the game is programmed to deliberately force/avoid some moves.... frustrating", "very good/excellent ! with exception to the\"pop up\"advertisements\", can't begin to describe the annoyance of such\"obnoxious\", annoyance, i pay for this phone, and air time monthly, and feel\"pushed\", by these relentless advertisements ! thank you, sincerely PETA J. JOHNSON.", "it's not fun or a challenge I beat it in three days", "Its cool to not only play but I've been learning how to strategize threw each play as each level gets harder. Excellent App\ud83d\udc4d", "i did like it but it was starting to get me the sh...t when i got to the master level and i couldn't find a way to win and after 20 go i give up and delegated it .", "i don't want to have to unlock difficulty levels. just let me play!", "i never have excited experience in chess before i find it", "its very intresting and amazing app but i really have an suggestion that you should also add one more thing in it which is ' moves names '", "THE BEST CLASH OF CLANS PORT I HAVE EVER SEEN", "Very nice It is very useful to us", "awesome app., although you need to include an option to play with someone offline..", "its is very very wonderful and interesting as well exciting.", "Chess is intelligent game for \u00c1ll ages....", "i enjoyed a lot and learned very much", "It's Ok This App Is Useful", "it's my very favorite game", "STUPID AI...game is a draw when we are winning", "Worst app ever created \ud83d\udc4e", "I am happy to have this app... \ud83d\ude0d loved it...", "good for self train chess.", "I'm just glad it lets me win some", "I can play with friend or people's?", "its a mind game just try", "multiplayer not at all good", "good time passer", "so good experience", "i think it's great"], "Dominoes": ["ads galore. pops up every 4 or 5 games asking me to rate, which I do, 1 star, but apparently it doesn't like that rating so it asks again a few games later.... 1 star is 1 star simply due to me spending more time closing ads than actually playing. **UPDATE** I now just put my phone in airplane mode,...Full Review", "Very fun and addicting. The A.I. is not smart. I'll win 10+ games in a row and the computer has tiles that could of blocked me and should of blocked me. Please go back and fix the A.I.", "You should be ashamed. Seriously. The way you cheat by grabbing a players dominoe while in play and redirecting it so the computer scores among other cheating tactics is Scummy. I just tried again, because minus your slimey Trump tactics you would have a great game. Trump cannot be honest, as you ca...Full Review", "This game don't know how to play it own self.. if I have the last move how the hell I lost the game kmft... it fun and all but it shyt.. I'm deleting ur as kmt I love dominoes but this is shyt!!!!!", "if you are a Trump Party member yiu will love this game. A pro Trump/anti democratic survey keeps popping up. I took the survey only to find out that name, phone #, & email are required to submit it, along with the agreement to receive various communications from pro Trump organizations. There is no...Full Review", "your dominoes games suck you cant darw 7 and if you see a play the computer forces you to play what it want you to dominoes 8s like playing chess but faster think about it im done", "Nice game so far had it installed for 10 mins so far..can deal with the ads it does not distract from the game! Wish I could play real people through...like my pool app", "Very fun game and I've been playing dominoes since I was a kid!Collected all the different backgrounds and dominoes and also have some extra stars left,so done playing,but whenever I decide to play dominoes again I will download this app and hopefully they will have added more different backgrounds ...Full Review", "Fun, relaxing, and addicting. it's not the same game play that I was taught but still enjoyable. I would rate 5 stars if I could remove ads for a reasonable price.", "Too many adverts ruins the game. The price we pay for a good old game down the pub. Loser buys the next round.", "I enjoy playing dominos and this off line game is just fine for me.When I need a little peace or waiting on something, I can play this game th o ease my writing time.", "ads every turn, and annoying rate us pop ups unless you give them 5 stars", "I gave it 5 star for the game, but changed it to 2 stars because there's too much ads.", "I love dominoes, so this game is awesome! Could use better looking graphics, but I love it either way.", "Needs option to increase difficulty. Needs more unlockables. Could benefit from option to play against other players. Good aesthetics. Elegant. Love the design and music.", "yes I do like the game yes I do like the game it was very fun download this game I gave it I start up and you will see what you think about your two I like it and more concentrate your mind and you have to think and pay your tension to the other players with their your doing if you don't you will be...Full Review", "Dominoes makes u have good memory as for u play 4 players. it,s not that easy.", "it's been a long time since I've played dominoes having lots of fun", "differnt but love it.it is hard to put it down it is 3:00 am in the morning and still playing.", "Love this app and thr music. If i cant go to sleep i play this for about 3 rounds and it does me in.", "i love this game it reminds me of playing it with my grampd an dad .and kids growing up .they dont play games like this no more .excellent gaming system.thankyou!\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udcaf\ud83d\ude0a\u2714", "it is a very good game i have lots of fun playing this game...i think u all should download it\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18love it.....", "Ads every 2 turns make it unbearable to play.", "Really fun, plays well, not overrun with ads!!", "It's a pretty good game and i hope that you add the feature of 4 players too not just 2 players only", "the math of scoring is so wrong in this game even for the opponents side. playing is for nothing.", "it's a great way to occupy your extra time", "kicking ass and taking names. I need a playe.", "I did not submit my credits on there I have more Windows computer so where's my will myscore gone", "I wish they would let you play off your double when you first the game but they don't...But other than that the game is fun.....", "As close as yiu can get to rhr real thing.", "just downloaded today can't STOP PLAYING", "very good game you have to use your mind. always exciting to play.", "I like it but it freezes up all the time.", "great way to kill time. No energy to run out. Play as long as you can", "lm really enjoying domino game. ive won 2 games and apponent won1 its fun playing against a computor very challenging.", "I've always wanted to learn to play dominoes. This game made it fun and easy.", "IM MASTER OF THESE GAME BRING ITT, MATE MA TONGA CUHZ", "fun, relaxing way to spend a little quite time", "straight dominoes. the name describes it perfect!!! DOMINOES!"], "Trench Assault": ["They replaced my favourite game with a completely different game. Seriously. It used to be a low-graphics, fun little WW1 trench fighting game which I loved for the past several months. Then today I get an update and it's a completely different game. If you want to release another game, do it separa...Full Review", "Was fun but now my cards cost double every time and some times triple. So now a 2 star card is 6 stars when I am at max 3 stars. I just sit there as my opponent deploys card after card then 2 RPGs. At that point I stop trying and wait for the 34 star lost. Flawless victory is only 24 to 26 stars.", "Liked the game before the overhaul, love it now. I'm starting to get suspicious that the \"pvp\" is supplemented with bots however. Very decent bots, but the scaling difficulty is WAY too consistent, I'm now at 3500 elo and almost every opponent I face I recognize the name from since the 1000 elo rang...Full Review", "Bring back the old Trench Assault! What happened to the old game? I have had this for over a year and it used to be a basic graphics game with tug of war type of mechanics, no cards, pay to win, it was an entirely different game. If you are making a new game then release it as such, don't overwrite ...Full Review", "This isn't an update. It's an entirely different game. I emailed the developers and they flat out lied about it. It was replaced by some half baked TD type game. They are trying to deceive everyone into thinking this is Trench Assault with new features. This game is equivalent to a Trojan. People do...Full Review", "Really hooked on to the game. Very addictive game play.   I am taking out  one * because there is a problem which looks urgent to attend. The glitch is where troops of the opponent from different lanes teleport to one single lane causing your defeat. I don't know how its possible. Developers should ...Full Review", "Would be fun if you could advance in the game without having to pay so much all the time! At least make the rewards for a win bigger. Also you are definitely not playing against another human, the game is biased most of the time towards the computer winning. If you are on a streak without paying mor...Full Review", "PAY TO WIN...STAY AWAY! I regret the $ I spent. it is fun for a little bit but some of the cards are so over powered/out of balance it makes it not fun AT ALL . I refuse to spend anymore time with this. I recommend you pass on this. I'm deleting it.just for an example of what I'm talking about the R...Full Review", "you guys that introduced this new game really mess up in an epic way and kinda funny. i don't know what this new game is but its NOT trench assault. I uninstalled and changed to a one star rating i wish i could give less stars . oh and i love how the bots make you lose so you need to spend thinking ...Full Review", "a fun addictive and an engaging game. strategy is a main mechanic in the game and it makes challenging and fun. However a glitch happens a lot that allways leads to u dying. all enemy units (this never happens to u by the way) will shift to one lane and gain extra speed. this ruins the gameplay when...Full Review", "A lot of people have said you need to pay to win yet I have not noticed this at all, I have not lost a single battle and I haven't paid a single dollar into this game Edit: I have reached the 4th headquarters and have only lost 2 matches playing this game, however now when I play for no reason at al...Full Review", "I am so dissapointed! This game use to be a perfect pixelated ww1 trench game now it's this weird card game that is not nearly as fun. I think that they should have made this new overhaul as a second game or atleast now upload the old version. Aside from my dissapointment it really isnt fun and too ...Full Review", "played the old pixel version and liked it and now it's a pay to win once you reach the higher hq levels. I'm hq 8 and all the bot opponents seem to have access to every type of card whenever they want to use them and every card is always 2-3 levels above yours so your troops can never win unless you...Full Review", "i know it's a micro-transaction game and it can be fun, but why is it that suddenly every single player at my \"level\" is armed to the teeth with exactly the same custom rigs, all superboosted to a point i can't achieve... tier 7 snipers; tier 9 squads; tier 7 tanks... all the same, morning day and n...Full Review", "Extremely angry. I like the old version much better. If they wanted to change the game that much they should have made another game instead of messing up the original. My favorite game is now ruined so thanks a lot to the idiotic developers.", "Super game, but it's rather pay to win. Without gold you must wait many hours to open treasures. There is no way around it. Also I would like to play against my friends and there isn't option to invite someone to match. Edit: It doesn't automatically save your account, so after reinstalling I've los...Full Review", "Downloaded this game about a year ago as a fun 2D sideacroll WW1 trench assault game. Now the Devs have gone and made this a pay to win money grab game with no relation to the original game. I am very upset due to this used to being a fun game to play but now is a play to win stupid card game. Bring...Full Review", "Overall a pretty addictive game, but too time consuming - waiting for crates to open gets pretty dull, and like hell will I pay real money to speed it up. Plus, there's not much variance - the 'online' players seem to use the exact same deck of cards of the exact same level... And Jeeps are overpowe...Full Review", "This is not the game I downloaded to play just over a year ago. The game has gone from a very basic game in terms of graphics and gameplay to a run off the mill mobile phone war game. I loved the previous game, I played through it all and hoped that one day new levels would be added, but no! It's be...Full Review", "Absolutely LOVE the new update, especially the new graphics overhaul. I am glad for the developer seeing this game grow from the beginning to now. This game has awsome potential. 12/10. Edit 1/8/19: Minor issues discovered; in the Deck submenu if you exit to the main menu while having a card selecte...Full Review", "This game is some what entertaining but I know for sure that you not playing pvp its bots totally. How can a ten star vehicle come out in the beginning of the game. Total B.S.!! 4.4 rating is also B.S.", "nerf the willy MB, it's broken and kinda ruins the game as soon as someone plays that all the troops go into one lane and rush you and can shoot faster than normal. other than that it can be a fun game but you lose 29-31 medals and when you win, you only get 27-29.", "Game completely changed? Maybe I'm crazy but I think this used to be a pixel-art 2D WWI strategy game. Now it's... Not? It's a cookie cutter app store game that you can find 30 of. I hope whoever made the original game got a lot of money when they sold it to this new Cypriot developer. The more I th...Full Review", "I liked this game at first but now opponents can teleport all of thier players to one lane causing you to lose almost immediately. Opponents are also able to send out tanks way earlier then they should be able to. Glitches or player hacked. can barely win against the teleporting jeep. seems like thi...Full Review", "was a great game b4 the latest update that burns your cards. this is only available 4 your opponent so they can burn your cards while all you can do at that time is just loosing. i was ok spending $10 a week for this game but not it is not a fare game anymore so will uninstall it asap", "great game, it could be a little more historically accurate. for example it says JS-2 when it should be IS-2. you need to remember joseph stalin is the english version but he is russian so it is Ioseph stalin. that doesnt really correspond to the game but it is a fun fact, but really cool game", "decent game but unable to link with Google play games on my tablet. I already have a ton of cards upgraded on my phone. risking uninstalling if the issue is not fixed so I can play with current progress on my tablet!", "Bad game... waste of time... it takes 20 days to win and cross 400 points then it doesn't allow u to cross 2900 points even if u cross, the next game u will loose and u will be back to below 2900 points... it's controlled by hackers", "In one update after the transfer of ownership rights this game has gone from something I would reccomend to just about anyone, orignal, creative, entertaining and completely free to something that I wouldn't give to my worst enemies. It is downright uninspired, with a gameplay model you've seen time...Full Review", "Amazing game no doubt, but i am uninstalling. But uts really annoying because some units are op. Devs need to buff & nerf them. Network connectivity is fine yet game quits by itself and I loose Points for no reason. Please increase the cash given per match. Imagine the upgrades are 500 & cash is jus...Full Review", "I actually like the game but the landscape view loses sight of the action once you reach a certain part of the map. The troops advance but I can't see what is happening. Overall a pretty cool game but needs work The game needs DOCUMENTATION...HELLO???", "bring back the old trench game the old game did needed a few polishes but it was playable. it was 2d one lane. this new update isnt the old game. it is now a new whole different game than before. You made it 3 lanes and added tanks but it feels different now. it feels like a copy of command and conq...Full Review", "There are some very serious issues needed to be fixed ASAP!!! . 1. 1st of all, try to fix the filthy policy of providing only 27 -28 laurels/medallions for a \"Flawless Victory\"! When a defeat occurs, you take away 32-33 laurels & on the other hand just give 27-29 medallions for victory! If victory r...Full Review", "DO NOT DOWNLOAD you will encounter a vehicle called willys mb that is super op and will ruin the game for you.. i hope the developer recognizes this problem and nerfs this vehicle. but as long as this vehicle remains i advise NO ONE TO DOWNLOAD THE GAME", "When I downloaded the game a few months ago it was a wonderful side scrolling strategy unique WW1 trench hopping game requiring thought and strategy. Now it's..... This. A mediocre game at best. The old game has been completely replaced. Uninstalled.", "need clan and more ways to get legendary, other then that had no problems people complaining are either fake or not paying attention to all cards. Game hasnt changed is not pay to win, if u have trouble winning then maybe dont play stategy games lol.", "Recent overhaul has severely cheapened the gameplay experience. Perhaps the graphics weren't flashy and the mechanics simple. But it was elegant and relaxing. And now its campy and unnecessarily complex. I miss the old 16-bit feel.", "Concept of game is good but there is lots of bug. Your troop may vanish when you deploy new troop. There are three playgroup with just different look with same concept so not worthy", "I enjoy this game , one thing that annoys me most don't know if it's some sort of hack or a glitch in game play, fighting in one line the enemy switches lines . it occurs often probably at best guess 4 out of 10 matches. could you look into this plz.. thank you, un-installing the glitches make this ...Full Review", "if my internet connection goes off even for a sec then the game after my connection returns doesnt return me to game back. it simply make me lose for just a silly reason as my internet goes off for just a sec. this is unexpected as a gamer. also free crates shod contain more amount of money. as its ...Full Review"], "Airline Commander - A real flight experience": ["Looking at the games I used to play a few months ago, I thought this game would be similar n boring... But the amount of details and real life like experience it provides for the file size is so amazing. Even if this game would've been couple of dollars to buy, I would've been happily ready to even ...Full Review", "excellent graphics and simulation. however unfortunately it's just another one of those games that tries to squeeze you for in game purchases. you get to a stage where theres absolutely no way to progress unless you fork up cash. I refuse to do this as a matter of principle. it's perfectly right to ...Full Review", "Great game but just the landing is a bit unrealistic. Instead of having a pitch up attitude you always will touch the runway with the front wheels first. Which is kinda annoying. Graphics are awesome! Controls are fine and I would suggest adding military aircraft and space shuttles. And on the map o...Full Review", "tired of simulations ending just because. deleting the game because I just lost out on a 5k flight because the landing gear wouldn't lower so I went to go around, didn't even turn 90 degrees and it ended. sick of it. lost a 15k fought the other day, 30 min of flying then it just ended because my fin...Full Review", "really fun for the first few hours. But now everytime I try to make money to buy a new airplane, it takes it all away randomly. I'll build up to 20k and then I'll do a mission that earns 6k and have only the 6k when I'm finished! so I can no longer advance without paying money!", "I am a certain student pilot who loves everything about aviation. So I figured, that it wouldn't be so bad in downloading a flight game where I can have some fun flying for rewards. I didn't expect too much of this game but I gave it a try. Was I ever surprised, this game really does reward you, and...Full Review", "i have played a few sim games for flight, but never before anything like this. just amazing! love this game. thank you devs working my way up through the planes and learning the controls is a blast! i look forward to flying the real big boys!", "Once I found a full flight: take off, cruising, landing, taxing etc. It was a flight from Istanbul to Venice. If you are not good at geography, it's 2 hours of flight. Ofc I used auto pilot. During the flight I was doing different things in real life: cooking, dishwashing, you name it.. And there wa...Full Review", "One word to describe it: AMAZING! I always wanted to pilot a plane and couldnt find a good sim but this beats them all. Decreasing the time it takes to get a contract is a good idea devs, just saying. Overall it is a amazing and relaxing sim", "When we deploy full flaps while approaching and landing the aeroplanes should have a pitch up attitude while on a level flight path but the developers forgot this very vital info. Sometimes I land with the nose wheel first and get a very good soft landing remarks and scores, but it should have been ...Full Review", "This game is quite realistic. It actually gives me confidence that in a pinch I could fly just about any plane out there. It has a few glitches but that doesn't take away from the overall experience. I give it a 9 outta 10.", "It is a great game, the graphics is realistic, I can operate different types of aircrafts and in general I just enjoy playing this game. There can be improvements though. Taxiways are sometimes misleading as the game will direct you to where there is no line. It would also be great if I can see what...Full Review", "best flying game ever i have seen it is so real its fantastic i think whoever made this game real puts alot of effort in this game. just it take too long to get a new plane because for the flying you do you dont get that much money therefore you need to wait sometimes weeks to unlock a new plane oth...Full Review", "Hey developers of Rortos. first I just wanted to say that this game is really entertaining and it's a good time waster and I simply love playing it, now I just have a simple request, please, program the physics better, to act like in real life. because sometimes, when I land any plane with flare, it...Full Review", "was hoping this was good based on the rating but i found the instructions were not clear. I had no idea how to stear the plane at first and the control was very touchyvat first. then when i landed the first extra route i had no idea how to open it. i was taking the third exam and it crashed my phone...Full Review", "Excellent game, you get to learn how to fly properly, almost makes me want to change course! only thing is the progression is a little slow (you have to wait for licenses to become available ect). However on the whole very enjoyable.", "Brilliant App. I don't normally play games but have found myself addicted to this. It's great especially since its a free app. If you're abit of a plane geek, get on it!", "After the update, I can't use any aircraft. Once I start the engine, and apply power. Any aircraft I use, turns around in a constant circle and the rudder doesn't do anything. I've recalibrated and restarted the game hundreds of times and that does nothing", "Fantastic simulation, superb graphics, quite realistic for a phone game. Love everything about it. On the bad side... It eats phone battery (keep it plugged in while playing) Sometimes there are no flights to run", "The \"Watch Ad to skip 5 minutes\" crashes the game if no ads have loaded up. And now it's not opening anymore, freezes on loading screen.", "An interesting game, but some disadvantages such as not allowing the player to use the command of the plane correctly based depend on balancing in your hand in the plane.. i would like to explained to the crew of the game that it is a plane and not a car. we should use to land with autopilot I hope ...Full Review", "This game is good initially but starts getting boring and repetitive after a while.There are no real challenges or missions to accomplish so to speak.It is has a same monotonous repetitive pattern. Either you take off or land.You have to shell out money every now and then to upgrade or take the game...Full Review", "It's great overall but pretty repetative tbh. You have to really enjoy flight sims to keep doing take offs and landings. I'm not a pilot but I've played my share of sims on PC and whatnot. The only unrealistic thing imo is that when the flaps are extended for landing, there is no effect on the pitch...Full Review", "Right now I am trying to farm money for my next plane, (70k pricetag) and the only offers i get is 0.6k-1.5k, and then another 30 min of wait time. in all honesty it's kinda makes it a little annoying.", "I'm really enjoying this game a lot more than I thought I would. flight controls using accelerometers is a little touchy at first but you get used to it. I love the challenges it throws at you. just wish people couldn't exploit fast landing challenge by doing a power slide!", "can get extremely annoying.the captain will always tell you to brake once you land. without spending money it will take 10 years to unlock all planes.the daily challenges are a complete joke.the\"fast landing\"especially.if you watch the top 10 on the leader board they land and drift the plane to a st...Full Review", "really an excellent game. simulation were fantastic. overall were 9/10 the minor problem at my point of view . no story mode . a bit more should be fantastic and if for full flight mode the time usage were really the same.(slighty shorten the time should be good. (example . i using 2.5hour to done a...Full Review", "Sometime, when approaching a mission (Landing) flight gone wrong. Suddenly become vertical down, that will cause my mission fail. I don't care if it was low reward mission, but a bit frustrating when it be in high reward mission..especially..money..", "I like its simplicity , it is really fun to do simple tasks like landing takeoffs , different weather conditions, yet a detailed flying expirence. Pretty informative as we progress from basic planes to advance and our rank increases gradually. Really good way to learn how a real pilot opreates a pla...Full Review", "I love this flight sim. Great to be able to have take off and landing. Auto pilot and emergencies make it feel real. If I could change one think it would be to shorten the trips between the gate and runway. Taxiing can take ages. Hoping to be able to fly routes with take off and landing in one chall...Full Review", "great game.. hard to get used to .. sometimes have to recalibrate but that's just how I adjust and sit while.playing.. autopilot is hard/weird to set up while flying but still good time killer game", "great graphics, great controls, nice concept.. one thing though.. why does it need internet connection.. thats a downside for me because i just want to pass some time when my data signal is down.. and for that i cant play the game..", "I thought the game was worth downloading, flew three missions and then the game shuts down. I can say five stars for the first missions but zero for continuation. Great concept but not happy", "wow! is not the word.. it is truly Amazing!! I am almost addicted to this game.. if u love flights I am damn sure U will love it... Kudos to the entire team behind developing this wonder!", "First of all, this is an exceptional experience! Great app overall! My main critique so far is that many of the landing challenges/contracts place your aircraft so close to the runway in unrealistic configuration (too fast, no flaps, gear up, too high, etc...) If you could start the plane farther ba...Full Review", "I really loved this game .I have enjoyed to play this game. I have never ever seen like this type of aero games.and the graphics is amazing.and I wish that the aeroplanes should be note mote THANK YOU \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\udc9e\ud83d\udc8e", "This app must be the most real one. Many kinds of situations are here.They are awesome.I recommend this app very much. But I want more aircrafts like a Fighter, a light aircrafts and so on.", "the game makes you stop playing to wait for coin to buy another plane license or another plane it doesn't allow you to fly your planes until you make enough money it forces you to either pay into the game with real cash to get the plane license or the plane. you got to weight extremely long time or ...Full Review", "The game is great. it's fun and has a lot of realistic values to it, but I do have a couple of issues with it. First off in some of the airports allow boarding from the right hand side, which just never happens. As well as having to taxi for quite a long distance on the runway before reaching the ta...Full Review", "the entire game was awesome and it's like as if i am controlling real aeroplane.in reality during the landing process first the back wheels of the runway touches the runway and then front part of plane touches the runway.but your game doesn't follow this.entire plane is touching the runway at the sa...Full Review"], "Piano Games - Free Music Piano Challenge 2019": ["I love this game but it fustrates me soooooooooo much and sometimes it lags so when you tap on the tiles it doesn't count! they are the only reason I rated this game \ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1finstead of \ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f (4 stars instead of 5 stars.) so ye, I would recommend this game but just be ready to get fustrated and ...Full Review", "I give 4 stars because even though it's fun some songs are fast and harder than I thought. Very disappointing! \ud83d\ude28", "\u2b50\u2b50\u2b50\u2b50\u2b50 star rating because i am so addicted to this app love it! it gets a lot of stress out of my head it is a fabulous app thanks so much to the wonderful creators of this app. \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83c\udf69\ud83c\udf69\ud83c\udf69\ud83c\udf69\ud83c\udf69\ud83c\udf61\ud83c\udf61\ud83c\udf61\ud83c\udf61\ud83c\udf6b\ud83c\udf6b \ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29\ud83c\udf6c\ud83c\udf6c\ud83c\udf6c\ud83c\udf68\ud83c\udf68\ud83c\udf68", "great game to play when you are just hanging around maybe drawing or texting g you could play a game of piano challenge . HAVE A GO DON'T BE AFRAID!!!", "It's great and has a lot of songs but when you watch a video to continue there is no time to press the key it should pause so you are ready to play \ud83d\ude00 just some feedback \ud83d\ude05", "The game is nice but sometimes it stops in between and we miss a tile or we press something wrong and sometimes it hangs also... but overall its a fab. game", "they have so many songs and it goes faster and faster as you get better and it's so cool \ud83d\ude31\ud83d\udc4b\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude0c\ud83c\udf84", "bull shart anyone with a brain stem sould know that games with the date in their names are retarded poorly made peices of shart silly ass game if you like game you have big gay", "It is awesome! i sbsolutly love it thxs for makin this amazing game i lovd canon it is my fav my name is actualy tileah im using my mums acount any way i love this GAME!!!", "The New Update sucks. The music's just there in the background, it doesn't matter if you press the key too early or too late, the music stays the same. Game would better if that wasn't the case. Please fix it.", "I love this game to death it is so peaceful and I wish that who ever made this game good luck with they're lives. \ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b", "Useless, wasting time... Stock in Online Mode, FIX IT..!", "its a great game and picks up spead i love it its challenging but fun at the same time\u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764its a great game to play when you are bored or instead of drawing", "Trust me people, this and the other Piano games, they are awesome. Deffinetly worth the download.", "it's quite a great game but not too many cool songs", "love it can't put it down. it's a great way to pass time.", "it is a lite hard but i like it no i love it", "i have got 456 in first time i think its good do you (reply)", "OMIGOSH,THIS GAME IS AWESOME,AND IT HELPS YOU PLAY PIANO,SORT OF.", "I would give 5 stars but I hate the adds and i paied for the game", "best game ever but i had to wait to play the online challenges the bet 2 diamonds", "doehodbe or hruvrrhrg Congo coocoo go go go go go go go o go go bo bo bo I make see no we be boo fi Coco go to hi boo hi hi hi we I go up hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi Fred hi hi hi Dee no see go give more she is not going in to you and the", "I love this game mind blowing music", "very fun game but there is one thing that I hate you have lives of how many goes you can have but over all great game", "you can only play if there is no sound YEET", "There is so much vareity.It is also an amazing time killer", "Super nice songs that are my favorites", "it is so terrible I hate it it's staticky", "for some reason, it doesnt let me install this game. I tried it about two times and it doesnt let me.", "Its The Best GAME I have ever seen.", "good game. keeps you on the edge of your seat.", "its relaxing.\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\udc11\ud83d\udc11\ud83d\udc11\ud83c\udf1d\ud83c\udf1b\ud83c\udf1c\u2b50\ud83c\udf20\u2744", "\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c.It's just AMAZING", "I love the game it's awesome\ud83d\udc4f\u270a\ud83d\udc4d", "I don't understand how to compete!!!! it loads and loads... so annoying!!!!!!", "this game is lagging dont try", "fun when you're bored.\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude09", "the best game and so relaxing", "no lie but on the thrid try i got 400 with 2 crowns!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "it fast slow necer ending i just got to 1127 and i was very pleased"], "Stylist Girl - Make Me Gorgeous!": ["The games of coco play are the worst games ever everything is locked, they want you to give them money and we're poor we still young, we don't have money!!!! Plz unlock everything cause we like playing free games! For this game, all the shoes are locked, many things of make up are locked, all the th...Full Review", "this game started out ok, but im not using real money to unlockthings so uninstalling as never give my credit card details to anyone. that is how we get scammed", "Its a cool game I just dont like the ads coming everytime you make a selection. You pick something then an ad pops up it' s annoying.", "I really did love this game. But then it updated and now I have to pay real money to unlock everything. Before all I had to do was watch a video. Now I have to pay for the things I already bought with the game money. If I had the money I wouldn't be downloading free games. Please fix this.", "I really enjoy games like this. It's fun to put my own stylish flair on things and then putting it out there and seeing what others think. This is probably a kiss game..... I'm 38, the mother of a son, p and I play this game a lot. Lol!! Thank you making a fun game for people who love fashion and de...Full Review", "It's too nice, but the thing is that we want more varieties in all the accessories then it will be more interesting. Also the maximum things are not free of cost. Still it's so entertaining to play.", "I hate that unless you buy a better version or something, some of the features are locked unless you waste data watching videos. Then you unlock it for one time..... JUST UNLOCK ALL THE FEATURES:(", "You really like dissin da poor peeps don't ya? Gotta $ just 2 play in a game now that's low go jerks\ud83d\udc7f", "Soo Many Options I love like on a different level love this game it brings u much joy winning the contests right now I am number 1 in the game that's because I play it everyday that I use my aunt's phone,I would consider this game addictive and just one of the most fun games in the world", "I liked this game very much. I donot have any thing to say about this game. This is gorgeous. There are many hundreds of beautiful and stylish dresses for our models. There are makeup, nail arts, etc. I was very exited at the first time to play and have fun with this game.", "all of your games but I don't like that we can't get any shoes because of shoes a locked up so I don't want that part of the game but I love when I get to pick and I Get Money is so fun can I give this out of a thousand a thousand so this game is very good and I recommend every every person to play ...Full Review", "This the best game ever it is such a great time killer I highly recommended you download it the only thing I don't like about it is it has this locked but you can unlock it with watching videos which is great!", "I just Love designing clothes for fun, my baby sister is better at it than I am. She does give me some good pointers. I like the game how you can pick and choose what you want. And it's good when you are waiting in the doctor'soffice like I am.", "This is very good game but it takes internet to open locked cosmetics and I Want it to be fix. Otherwise it is a 5 star game really. To be honest I did not like a little bit of its part because of this problem so please fix it .I will then give 5 star to it .it deserves 5 star.thank you.", "I love this game a lot .... I loved it as I am on the first rank ! If a thing is locked , we can unlock it free ! That's its best feature ...... Please make more games like this ... Everyone should download it ...........", "Loved it so awesome and I wish I could be way I wish I could be right on front of the Google Play because I would have got this way earlier I love this game because it inspires your personality and fashion just let you know your game whoever created this game is a should be a billionaire that's how ...Full Review", "It's a fantastic game I have ever seen everything is perfect and not locked you can also buy the items by watching videos it's just fabulous I love this game hope you will make it more fantastic I just need a little bit work on the graphics by the way the graphics are awesome love the game.", "I liked this game and all .It was OK I guess.If I had to play it I wouldn't complain but I wouldn't choose to play it. Coco tabtale games are awesome and entertaining but most of them get really had reviews because of the he adds. You could buy it but I'm not going to waste my money on some game I'm...Full Review", "there r soo mny ads during playing this game every cosematic hv a ad not everyone is so free to watch every ad so uh should work on ut 1 or 2 ads are sufficent", "This game is so fun and it let's girl get to dress up there person I love this game so much I think all girl should play this game because it is so fun you get to make your person look how you want them to that all I have to say but how ever made this game I give them five \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "this game was super game in this game some unlocked so you can get free you will do one thing that is u can on mobile data and wlan hotspot and u see one video all are open u can install now this game", "I love this game because I could just design my own character in regular life I can't even decide how I want to dress so I really really love this game and that's why I like this game because I get to just my own character and I am real life I didn't even get to design my own self and I'm 7 years ol...Full Review", "I am in love with this game. One of the best game I have ever played. Really good and interesting and I don't know but I really want to spend my time to play it. I groom myself and update my fashion sense. The interface is really good .. easy to play and interesting tasks to complete. Thumbsup for m...Full Review", "Loved it but it have so many ads and many functions r lock we have to unlock them by seeing ads otherwise love it and I think u should give a more variety of things", "This is really fun but if you don't get the full version you can do everything and that's boring cause you can't do half the stuff and it is really fun I recommend getting this game if you like fashion", "umm.. i wanted to vanswer some questions thing are lock wen u don't have internet connection or..ok i love live love this game and its a great experience for all.. if u don't like styling this will change your mind if u like styling this will knock off your scocks", "My sister downloaded this game and I started playing and it's amazing I don't care about that aids I just care about people worry about just make the fun just ignore them and just play the game said it's boring whoever you suck", "this game has to much ads .ebery time i try to put something on my girl a comercial comes on and.i buy the wrong things", "The game is fabulous but for buying shoes, jwellery we have to see adds or buy it with real \ud83d\udcb0 money which I cannot so please remove that", "way too many ads! real bummer 90% of the time you click on smethng you have to watch a ad that cant skip; /", "Awesome game except for one thing... I unlocked some of the thing with a free video, went back the next morning and it was locked again", "I think you shouldn't have to pay money to be able to fully enjoy ANY of your games... Most of your games have sections that are locked... it shouldn't be this way", "ADictive I've been up since two aclock in the morning playing cute for girls especially ones like ones that like fashion only thing I don't like is that it lagges a little bit but other than that I love \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18,", "You can't get all the features without ads and when I did try to watch them they wouldn't work.", "ButThis game too nice but some some boring don't uninstall this game plz don't read comments of others who r telling bad this game Iam proved of this game plz play this game ull get very masti plz download this game one more time I'll say I LIKE THIS GAME TOOOOOO MUCH \u263a\u263a\u263a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04...Full Review", "It's wonderful. But there are too many ads. If there were no ads I would have gave 5 star rating to this game", "I think this game is very good.and the personal shop is continually opened . but only if sandles and necklaces so it would be great game please download it for me and yourself", "I'm feeling like really a Hollywood supeer desiner this game because of nothing is locked beautiful dress just love it", "It's the best game in the world and I loved it the models are good and if I compare it shopping mall girl I will choose This one the ads should be less", "Too many ads when playing the game! \ud83d\ude2c It's really a pity, even though this game is quite fun, but sorry I have to uninstall it. bye !!!"], "Toddler games for 2-5 year olds": ["my daughter is three and she really enjoys all the Bimi Boo kids games. Not only is it fun for her, but educational and exciting as well! learning shapes, colors, letters, numbers and the alphabet is much easier with this game. great job on this app", "My 3 year old son loves it. Definitely worth the $3.99 we spent on it. It only came with 3 or 4 games but we unlocked all other games with only one purchase!!! Great Job!", "my son likes it but but has a hard time dragging the shapes at the moment but he will get it soon", "They try stealing your money thru manipulation.", "It's a good learning game but, it would be better if more game were unlocked.", "this is a fantastic game for 2-3 year old my 5 year old thinks it's boring and way too easy...normal kids", "Wish we could get past level one without making a purchase.", "nice but how unlock another gams", "My sons and niece love the games Theyre always happy to see the fireworks at the end.", "need to buy, make more free game please .", "3.99 for allgames no more ads.", "Great for kids 2 to 6.", "great experience enjoyed it with no ads plus it has a good variety of games to play for free!!!!", "only demo is free rest is pay to play", "My 2 yr old son loves it! I love that he is learning so much!", "i love all this apps my 2yrs old daughter learns alot from them", "Teaching my toddler how to use her finger to navigate technology. And colors and shapes too.", "my 3 year old loves this game", "Great problem solving games for my two-year-old son.", "\u0645\u0641\u064a\u062f\u0629 \u062c\u062f\u0627\u064b \u0644\u062a\u0639\u0644\u064a\u0645 \u0627\u0644\u0623\u0637\u0641\u0627\u0644 \u062f\u0648\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0631\u0627\u0628\u0639\u0629", "need more games like this thank you", "All games are nt able to play... It shows u hv to buy n dn play", "very lovely for the little ones. My baby girl enjoys and shes only 2yrs.", "My little girl plays these games everyday. She loves them.", "the games are good and educational but you have to pay for the full version", "love it!! its perfect for my 21month old son.", "my 2 yrs old daughter loves this game", "my three year old sister is loving it.", "it's a very good games for my baby lucia", "my 2 year old grandchild loves it.", "My grand daughter loves this game", "My 2 year old loves it", "Extremely useless", "Like it", "great for my child!", "best toddler game on play", "my child loves this one", "very easy for toddlers to play", "kids love it!", "Great for my toddler"], "\"Floppy\" von Sonderspiele": ["Clasic", "Works great! Brings back memories from playing in Germany"], "Slinder BitCoin Slots": [], "Game Anak Edukasi Hewan Laut": ["Bagus sih..tapi pas bagian mewarnai tiap mau d simpen close app send feedback..uda send feedback jyga masih aja close app..", "Sangat bermanfaat.", "Gamesnya bagus, simpel dan sangat cocok untuk anak umur 2th. Tetapi sayang \ntidak ada pilihan untuk mematikan musik, jadi agak mengganggu fokus anak.", "Gambar pertama adalah penyu, bukan kura-kura, dan paus bukan dari jenis \nikan. Mohon diupdate.", "Sangat baagus dan bermanfaat. Keep up the good work", "Mainan yg menarik, mudah dimainkan dan mendidik", "mantabz..", "Thank u", "Best", "Game ini pas untuk pengenalan awal dunia hewan laut kepada anak.", "Si kecil senang maininnya. Hewan hewannya tambahi lagi dong.", "Terus tambahkan gambar dan model game.  Thanks.", "anak saya suka sama menggambarnya ..", "tlg bs d sisipkn pelajaran", "perlu dikembangkan lagi", "Sushil Ansh vanshika Meenu", "terima kasih", "Tingkatkan", "Yuhuuu", "Lokesh.", "Cucok", "Uuu", "Qwerty", "Zs", "Anggita", "bagus", "Best", "Good", "Good", "Love it", "\ud83d\udc4d", "GOOD NICE", "Good", "Love it..."], "2048": ["The game is fine but the ads come in at the absolute worst times. I get the need for them but the aim of developer should be too make them the least intrusive", "Have is fine but the ads with noise are not. This is a nice quiet have that \nmakes a lot of noise when the game is over.", "Love this game and I do appreciate this is Free but the amount of ads are \nridiculous. Can't proceed the game without ads...", "Addicting, constantly making you use you math skill and power of observation for stratagy.", "When I play in this game I feel that I don't control situation, but it is \nfun nevertheless", "The unique game, can refresh my brain.., very good", "It keeps your head focused, and concentrated.", "Love to play. This game Polish my strategy skills", "It's nice and addictive real time single player game \ud83d\udc4d", "It gets boring over time, but it's fun to challenge myself.\ud83d\udc4d", "This is a great game for pattern recognition and addition skills.", "Great app... No much complications save the pop up ads", "Really enjoy this game simple yet fun", "Its a nice game do lose time hehehe", "Are waa Ithna accha lagta hai ise Khel kar", "Use your brain in the best manner", "Very creative and mind refreshing game", "I can score 8192 anyone else can do that too?", "i am lying about this review. this game is sucks", "It is very interested game", "Play until it hates", "Wonderful game \ud83e\udd17and i love this game", "Thanks!!!", "Well in mind intelligence", "BEST For Mind", "Simple yet fun", "\u975e\u5e38\u725b\u903c\u7684app", "Great game.", "Twice better than 1024", "It's good", "Cool math skills", "It's matherialistic", "Great time killer", "Nic addective", "Broadens views", "Worth the time", "Very interesting", "\u3059\u3054\u3044\u3002", "Great game", "Fully good"], "Sonic Dash 2: Sonic Boom": ["This game is packed with many Characters,Challenges, and even opportunities to unlock early characters. This game is full of many advantages to take. If you can't unlock a character, you can buy rings to buy and play with that character you want. Graphicwise it is better that the original in my pers...Full Review", "The apps sometimes crash n also there's a bug when i hit the jump pad or whatever it is my character go to heaven its just jump straight up to the sky without going down lol. Hope u guys can fix it btw i love this game its addictive yet need some lil work on it.", "I love the game and I'd recommend it, but I just reinstalled recently on my Galaxy S5 Neo and the performance isn't nearly as good as I remember. This game isn't very friendly to low-end devices. Sometimes rings and orbs are missing from Enerbeam tracks and the game usually runs to slow for me to do...Full Review", "I just updated this game a few minutes ago, & suddenly there was an audio playing when I was playing. The audio isn't the game's music as I turned it off, & I assume that the audio is somewhat like an ad's audio. The audio stops altogether when I closed the app. Another problem is when my character ...Full Review", "As a big fan of Sonic the Hedgehog, especially the Sonic Boom franchise, I Ioved the game overall. I have a few concerns though. -There has not been any new content in the game, such as characters, stages, and new special events for quite a while. - It would be better if you would be able to customi...Full Review", "I love it! My only proplem is the lack of characters and not understandable abilities for example there is only sick playable characters or tails for instance an extra live? It would be better if you'd swipe up twice and you'll get a little boost beacuse of tail's tails if you'd fix that it'll be ni...Full Review", "I am a big fan of Sonic the hedgehog. And the game is a great time killer. But I think that you should give a little bit longer time on the events because there are kids that they are long time in the school and they don't have such time.", "This game sucks. It lags too goddamn much. When I tried to exit out of it, the game completely froze and I had to restart my tablet just to get it working again.", "For a Sonic Boom game the characters are pretty quiet. That's great! It's not as good as the original, but if you like the first one, you should give this a go.", "this game is amazing most pepole hate sonic boom and honestly i dont really care for sonic boom its fine so this hame is fine if you are on a long car ride or something like that but I perfer the first one by the same developer because it offers more content but in conclusion this game is perfect.", "Needs MORE CHARACTERS. Game is fun its nice to be able to play with new characters. ive unlocked shadow hes the best on the game. knuckles and tails are 2nd best.. Wouldve gave 5 stars if had more characters. Need ALOT MORE CHARACTERS.", "I don't think this game is better than the original Sonic Dash even if that didn't get updated frequently but this was a nice change of scenerey when it came out and still is if oyur used to Sonic Dash 1.", "PLEASE DONT MAKE HAVE TOO MUCH FIELDS, DESIGNS AND MISCELLANEOUS STUFFS. THE GAME IS VERY GLITCH THAT I NEED TO USE \u00c2\u013b\u013d MY RED STAR RING IN COMPLETING THE EVENT TO GET SHADOW. PLEASE LESSEN THE BUG. I HATE ALL OF THE MAKERS OF THIS GAME.INCLUDING THE VOICE ACTORS.", "this game is so amazing that I give it 5 stars know why somebody gave it only one star they give it because they are a stupid but this game is super Amazing who made this game I thanks them and Happy New Year 2019\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\u2698\u2698\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03", "Feeding off of a popular franchise I see. Think of something original you dirty piece of scum!", "The sonic games are one of the most successful games SEGA made and I love this game so much people if your reading this please press the install button and also rate this game!", "I Actually spent 4 Hours Playing this game non stop it's So addictive and I love it's events so fun and interesting! It's totally worth the storage space", "It's a great thing you guys created games for mobile as well as ports of the classics. We really appreciate it. :) Keep up the good work!", "I have encountered many problems when trying to play events because the game always say that I don't have internet connection though I have a good internet connection. Do fix this problem.", "This game was awesome i love the TV show and seen all the episodes and whan i saw my brother playing it i said i need to get this so a few minutes later it was mine", "By How to make the best of the best way to get to get a chance for loans can also see you tomorrow morning at least I know that we can also offer you tomorrow 6th and he saw tree in a look at it tomorrow night night and I am very", "Nice game ...waiting on update tho ..like new stages ,characters ect. Have this game for more than a year if im not mistaken & still has the same characters & stages.", "One day I was playing Sonic dash I thought to search for Sonic dash 2 I searched and installed it. After few minutes later I got a notification from Google play I opened and it was my game. I played it I also enjoyed I love it. Any of you guys please I recommend you to play it. :-)", "This is a great game. It does feel like a beta version of Sonic Dash with bad music. I can see what they were trying to do - give every character special abilities, one of the few downsides with the vastly superior Sonic Dash. But the game itself is strangely structured. You can be playing as Sonic ...Full Review", "This game is alot more interesting than Sonic dash because all the characters are somewhat different from one another", "El juego es bueno pero muchas veces no se puede jugar porque se queda pegado en la pantalla de titulo", "Amazing game! It's so cool it's based off my 2nd favorite TV show and I can play as all the characters!! \ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude03", "Well i like this game so much i just like shadow the hedgehog cuz he is cool keep up the good work", "Nice game. But could you guys add more characters. That will make the game much better!", "I love the game but if you'll connect to the internet the game will become laggy and it kinda piss me off", "This game is super I like this game and internet coming time not internet connected", "Great game, but too many ads!! And there's no way to pay for an ad free version.", "I love sonic, and dash would be super fun if not for the pop-ups & ads every few seconds.", "It's fun + too many adds + it takes a lot of time to unlock any character \ud83d\ude1e", "Super fun but there a huge lag trying to distract me but i loved the game so much", "Nice game. But very stressing to unlock characters with red stars. It would have been beter with rings", "Hey i got a problem sonic boom don't want to load and then it's say there's a problem", "Worst too many ads, glitches,bugs,bad controls,lag..what can you expect more", "Ok but have to be improved with its levels cuz it becomes very hard to to play so hard levels In 5 4", "I think it's AWSOME! Keep going for it SEGA,your the best!\u263a\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude00"], "Cash Frenzy Casino": ["I was loving this game until the \"update\". Don't want to uninstall the older version because I know I'll lose my 15 billion. And reading through others reviews the reply is to connect to Facebook, but I don't connect my games to FB. I feel I should be reimbursed my actual money spent on the older ve...Full Review", "This game is a win in every way. The graphics are great, the game play is great, it remembers your progress on things, has great side games and plenty of great wins. I'm a chronic pain patient so I play these games for distraction.... I find I'm only playing this one. If you don't spend even a cent ...Full Review", "love the game but latest update kept opening multiple instances of the game. when I thought it was all good I played for a couple of hours and closed it only to see another instance again. restarted phone, started game only to find the challenges I completed reset and now I dont have the coin to do ...Full Review", "So 1st got this game a few months ago... loved it all was good, awesome wins, great graphics, by far the best casino slot hame I've ever downloaded. I actually kept this one as others slow down, get glitchy or don't pay out any more. When the app. forced me to download the new version, I lost everyt...Full Review", "Have tried to update many times before and after you supposedly FIXED it. Only difference I see is that I lost my billions and am right back to where I started months ago. Up until now I enjoyed the game & looked forward to playing it. Now even my old game has gone. What have you done ??? What do I ...Full Review", "Not good at all...I actually LOVE everything about this app, the games are great and lots of fun. The downfall is the payouts are horrible...even when I get a good hit which takes a long time it is ALL taken back very quickly to the point where I have bought coins many times but still don't get anyw...Full Review", "Your new download is the worst to download ....Originally when I downloaded the game l won and was able to bet big and actually won now I have to wait for the daily freebies about ready to delete the game. ... l used to tell others about it. .. won't waste my time anymore. .Do something about this t...Full Review", "Lost everything!! What a joke! I kept getting a message to update the app and I wouldn't lose anything...well, that was a lie! I lost the billions in coins I'd managed to win and the gold level status I'd achieved. The most horrible update EVER!! **Status update** After submitting my player ID info,...Full Review", "couldn't make purchases for over a week and then lose all of my achievements when they updated. stupid! so they finally fixed it so I can get my stuff. so they get 2 stars now. still haven't fixed it. now it's only a 1 star. too bad I can't give negative stars. they have started to fix it but games ...Full Review", "I don't want anything public. The new version of your game is HORRIBLE. I was at a very high level I was able to bet billions of dollars at a time. With the new Version I'm at level 7 and can only bet 100,000 dollars at a time. I will be deleting your game. I don't understand way you had to mess up ...Full Review", "this new version sucks, updated last night went through 2.2B really fast and today after collecting everything i had 223M and i went to my favorite slot that i know i win on regular big and bet 5M at a time and never hit anything. this is sad. after all this time and all the $ i have spent i now hav...Full Review", "I had 4 billion coins before the update. It said you will have a huge coin package waiting for you after the update. I never received it, lost all my coins, diamonds and status in the game. I am very unhappy with this app now. no longer enjoy playing it.", "what a rubbish game. over 4 billion coins used and not 1 bonus awarded in game when clearly states high bets awards more bonuses. complete rip off and waste of time. recommend not downloading", "The slots are nice. The stamp packs are OK, but the bingo is a pain. The missions are annoying because it's just an excuse to milk you of coins. I spent 6 billion in a single sitting yesterday (said billions took me ages to accumulate), not one freebie. The epic links and free games are infrequent a...Full Review", "This new version is horrible and sucks! I lost all my coins and level went back level 1. I've had more than 650 billion coins and was at level 430 plus but now they're all gone. I will uninstall and will not reinstall this game again unless all my coins and levels are restored; then I will give it a...Full Review", "OK, I have come to terms with losing all of my coins, stamps and status because of this upgrade(not really,still mad) but now every time I want to play I have to upgrade? ridiculous!", "I dont know why there's so many complaints...I barely won on the old app, started the new app up and was betting 12 mil while having 800mil, and won 22 billion on the new mammoth slot. since then, I've been winning non stop. great game. great graphics. great payouts. dont get your panties in a bunch...Full Review", "loved it until the update. Now my billions are gone due to games not giving wins and coins disappearing. new login says going to give bonus. didn't RECIEVE. have the old game still loading. was my favorite now thinking about deleting. not to mention I have to go through the old version which takes m...Full Review", "terrible game play. They lure you in with roughly 24 hours of great wins... then the floor crumbles. No wins, no bonuses, NO FUN...THAT GETS YOU DUMPED FROM MY PHONE!", "I just updated and I lost everything.. if I could give a minus ten I would. I want my 49 billion back and I want to be back up to my level of 578. it took me months to get up that much and I spent real money too. give me back my stuff.. pathetic", "honestly it was my favorite slot game til the upgrade. nothing saves. everytime i open it it asks to upgrade and you lose all or any of your previous big winnings. please fix asap and ill change rating!!", "Had the old version. forced to update to new one. my old information and coins did not transfer as stated. HELP. Older version still shows but can't access. UDATE: WITHIN 3O MIN. AFTER SENDING THE ABOVE TEXT MY ISSUE WAS COREECTED. THANKYOU, HAVING FUN AGAIN!", "Definitely DO NOT bother with this game. The payouts are beyond ridiculous, when you compare your bet vs your win. Forget any free games or bonus games they are so rare to actually get & when you do get them the results are EXTREMELY disappointing. Overall this game is a complete RIP OFF & they just...Full Review", "I really enjoy these games when I'm bored. when the system was down it seemed like winning was easier. I had trillions of coins. as soon as it's fixed they all seemed to diminish. also, it keeps asking me to update even though I already did.", "New version, we fixed our payment options. That's great news thank you. Now that you have done that, do you think we can get back to playing the game. Click on update and nothing really happens. Oh well good game distroyed by an up date,pitty", "was a good slots game until recent update. i cant find player ID in new version but i remember seeing it in old version. please tell me where to locate this so i can get my previous profile recovered.", "really enjoy this casino game.. good payouts. my only problem is when they did the up date I lost almost 400 billion coins. contacted them and still have not recieved my coins back! disappointed about that! they did ask for my player ID. still no luck!", "Graphics are fantastic, games are fun, the extra bonuses in the games are awesome. The only thing is they need to allow more wins. I def would not spend real cash for coins if i'm not going to get to play.", "Love this app! The only one thing I wish I could do is turn off the music without having to turn off the sound. I like the sound of the machine just not the music. If you can do that....it would definitely be 5 stars.", "It isnt fun anymore. Ever since the game updated it took all the fun our of it. Almost making it seem impossible to win. In a matter of days I went from 400 billion to 150 million. The game isnt fun anymore. Be nice if get response back. The game almost feels it is rigged and they want you to spend ...Full Review", "1 start only because the rockets and slide keeps following the same pattern. I've been on the same one for two days already and it keeps going down the same slide over and over again. i paid for this game and im regretting it purely cause of this reason. other than that i enjoy the game.", "Lost a lot of my coins, large ammout of diamonds, higher amount of coin winnings on the scratch offs when I did the update. Not happy with Cash Frenzy Casino.. please fix this issue because I did enjoy playing your slots. Thanks .... ****Update, looks like my issue was resolved. I see I have more di...Full Review", "everything was exactly as it was when I downloaded new app from play store. I used my fb to save data . great game. best casino out there..a few bugs yet To work.out and please bring the high roller games back that left when diamond lounge came. thank you ..great great game..great people in service ...Full Review", "This new version sucks! Lost all my coins and my level went back to level 1. I was on level 411 with over 700 billion coins and now it's all gone. I will give it a better rating if you can restore all my coins and levels.", "Your game came up with a new update and wiped out my whole profile. I was up to almost level 900 and had over 42 billion coins and was almost to platinum. The update said that everything would be transferred over. This is nothing but a rip off. Rating you at 1 star is being generous.", "As usuall, no winnings, too many advertising to purchase more coins. if you sign up with FB, they require access to your contacts so they can be bothered too. Definitely not recommended. Scam artists.", "Developers of this game sucks,ruin the game and make me angry because they are money hungry. You deserve 0 stars", "love it. lots of interesting and imaginative games. only one issue it can take along time to get the free spins (regal tiger game specifically) when you bet high. very frustrating.", "ever since the new version, all I have done is lost... in a few days went from over 350 billion to a few hundred million... about to delete it, I have linked it to Facebook and recovered my amount, however all I have done Is lost, on every game... dont waste your time", "i have been playing this game for a while and love the games. I have spent alot of real money buying coins on the old verision. now with the version it seems really tight and glitches alot so you dont win or the stamp pops up and it wont let it win. on the new version tonight after I lost trillions ...Full Review"], "PAC-MAN": ["Addicted! LOVE the Christmas addition & love the Red Bull. Wish Red Bull had more events & wish the Christmas would go on forever! Love how each Christmas ball had 3 separate goals you had to achieve for each. I'M HOPING YOU'LL HAVE SOMETHING COOL COMING FOR ALL HOLIDAYS : Valentine's, St Patrick's,...Full Review", "Hey so I have been a regular and very addicted player for about 2 months now. The game is very fun and I can't hardly stop playing it. I've spent a lot on tokens so far. YESTERDAY 4/28, like others are mentioning here the game stopped loading and my TOKENS are at 0!!!! They are all gone. What happen...Full Review", "love this game to bits! i play it many times a day but sometimes and lately again, the game became very laggy as in my regular mazes are missing abd i have problems starting the tournaments. can u please check and fix this buggy problem. thanks.", "it's more hard to control the control stick. pack-man moves a bit slower than the ghost for some weird reason. pac-man while being controlled by control stick stalls, jumps or slides quickly without my touching the control and sometimes doesn't move when I move it with the control. it screws up most...Full Review", "my progress has been wiped out twice now from updates. enjoyed the holiday games, but now for some reason it won't open on my phone. (last time it did this was right before an upgrade). love the game, but the irregularities need to be worked out. I hate losing my progress!", "The ads that interupt the music seem to be less. Dont mind the need for aps just hate the sound that comes with them. Also some problem with game pacman quits eating pellets half way through the level", "New update no longer gives an option for touch or joystick (keystroke, for me). Only option is touch. Leaves me out of the game, and I'm very sad about it, because I really enjoyed the challenges and tournaments. Is this a permanent change, or is there any chance that you will correct this problem? ...Full Review", "Pacman is a highly addictive game. Despite my enjoyment of the game, it was initially marred by bugs and glitches; a fact evident from the reviews. Since then, the devs have worked hard to improve the game and address issues raised by players. The gameplay has improved by leaps and bounds. There are...Full Review", "it wouldn't let me play and I'm 11 this game is friendly it shouldn't have an age restriction. this is a really fun game and I played it before and it never had this. I am giving this game a two star because of this age restriction. I love this game but please get rid of the age restriction so I can...Full Review", "AGAIN, this version sucks compared to the 6.0 version cause aforementioned 6.0 version was as close to the arcade as humanity possible. NOW, it's a former shadow of itself...AND NOW THIS RIDICULOUS STAMINA/SPIRIT METER...GEEZ!!!! Make a separate 6.0 version AND upgrade the paid Ms. Pac-Man cause the...Full Review", "Can't change age group. I downloaded it so my son and I could play together. I figured the lower age group would make it a little easier for him to play, and I'd change it when it was my turn. We are now completely locked out, not being able to play it at all. Such a disappointment, as I love Pac-Ma...Full Review", "When the \"game\" does not allow me to determine what my character does, it becomes a movie with a predetermined outcome. If I get fewer ppints or lose because of my own mistakes, then if I correct those mistakes I will have a better outcome. Therefore, it is better to get a worse score due to my own ...Full Review", "You've done a great job of fixing issues and responding to problems and making this a better game all the time. I've probably played this more than any one game out there! I LOVE IT!", "since pacman was \"upgraded or updated\" it takes longer to load (over 2 min to get in and another 1+ min to play and another min or so to find out your score will not count because the server can't be 1/4/2019. Having the kind of fun I want from a game. I have fond memories of the original pac-man an...Full Review", "Ruined by In-app purchases - earlier versions were excellent rendition of the classic game - the swipe and joystick options were fantastic. Now the joystick is not really controllable and its trying to jump on the pay-to-play model bandwagon. Sad. Will uninstall and probably use MAME instead.", "its not easy to play on a smaller screen. a tablet is a better size unless you have finger or a stylus the thinkness of a needle. gave it 2 stars for the graphics. however i will uninstall.", "After the most recent update, im having problems with random mazes where the fruits stay visible after eating them. This of course means I can not finish the particular maze. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling twice and it seemed to work at first but now it's doing the same thing again. Hopefully...Full Review", "remember that old feeling with pacman? it's back with this mobile game... only thing no joy stick... awesome play...", "New bizarre age restriction locks out 12 and under ! I'll be the judge of what my children can and cannot play thanks very much. Uninstalled..... fascists....\ud83d\ude20 *update... lol, the game is borked! The only way to get it to start was to select the age 45+ category. 45 or over just to play Pac-man... ...Full Review", "IF U ARE 12 U CANT PLAY but i respect pack man so 5 STARS YYAAYAYYAYAYAYAYA THE REST WILL BE RANDOM do \\ jejsjdjsjs", "WAY TOO MANY ADVERTISEMENTS. Great game but the controls are not very good. You swipe to go this way and pacman goes that way.", "i relly love pac-man but what i find stupid is that i cant play be cause im 10. not only that but my dad jas it on his phone and the controls are so hard", "pathetic game. after downloading take toooooooo much time to start...poor very poor", "this was a great game the fact that I don't have to put a coin in my phone was amazing I also like the new feature where you can play the full original game in past updates you could only play a demo and that was awful so Namco keep up the good work", "old school at it's best...pac man style. I enjoy it...had a few issues with it freezing, etcetera. Overall great game. Love the whole RedBull thing.", "The iconic arcade classic, rewritten for mobile devices. Not only are there extra mazes and gamemodes in this app, but they are designed in such a way that they don't compromise the classic style of the game!", "This is a fun and creative version of the original Pac-Man game. The controls work well even with a small phone. There are some infrequent but compulsory advertisements, otherwise it would be perfect.", "I played the game when it first came out and was very good at it but with joystick now play on phone not so good but still enjoy it lot just have to get use to do it on my phone lol Lately is lot of advertising totally spoil the game waiting for so many advert to finished so annoying will stop play ...Full Review", "wish the boards changed like they are supposed to!! its lame playing the same board, part of the fun of beating levwls is being able to have a new maze!!", "i am having an horror expereience playing this game anytime i eat the power pellets the game just stops.....whats happening? please get in touch", "the game is really awesome I just miss the joystick model. oily fingers makes it kinda hard to play. that's nothing yall can fix", "Stupid app ans Stupid is play store. Why don't you seek for device information collection agreement before we download game?", "Nice Game. BUT pacman is all about playing to improve. Do not turn this game into the classic 'Limited amount of play time'", "It was ok. The gameplay is similar to the original Pac man. But the ghosts acted really different. I don't recommend it for people who are looking for that old-school Pac man.", "Playing this game is the only thing that stops me playing with myself. It's an absolute tour de force. A monumental achievement.", "thank you for helping. The customer service form is asking me for my PID. Since I can't access the game, I can't access that number. It also asks for device firmware version. I am not sure what that is or where to find it.", "I open app, it asks age verification, I say 13-15, then it says select region, I say Europe, then it says I can't play!!! and says play wreck it Ralph!!! incredibly angry since it wasted my precious phone storage!!!", "It would be five stars but the game stopped working and freezes every time I play it now. I wish it worked. I'm going to have to uninstall it. Please fix it. Thanks.", "guys pls bring back the joy stick position settings i play worse with out it. and sorry what I did back there", "It takes a lot of coins to progress. It also likes to store unityad photos to your device. The game can be fun though."], "Scooby-Doo Mystery Cases": ["I would give this game 5 stars with no problem!! It's a great game amd very interesting to play. I downloaded the game in October and beat the levels available and 3 days. I love hidden picture games. I have been waiting since October for more levels to be added to the game and unfortunately it has ...Full Review", "played all the levels out so far. I wish there was more. Only complaint is you spend a lot of time waiting once you finish a level for it to move to the level, add the stars, unlock the scooby snack mode ect. but like the game and that they aren't all just find the items. but do wish that there was ...Full Review", "I would give this a four but most of the time the sound isn't working or if it is Daphne sounds like she's sucked a balloon full of Sulfur Hexafluoride while smoking weed.   When the game is running to full capacity it is a great game for the intended age group, simple, easy to play and the video se...Full Review", "I would love to say that this game is great but as I can't get past the 'loading' page, I can't. At first, it kept telling me I wasn't connected to the internet, despite having wifi and data. So I uninstalled and reloaded. Now I can't get past the loading page. Waste of time :'(", "come join Scooby Doo and the rest of the gang. Theres 39 levels for you to journey through to complete. The Good Guys - Sciiby Doo, Scaggy, Fred, Daphne and Wilma. The Bad Guys - Ranger Knudsen - The Woodsman. level 1 - The Monsters Of Camp Little Moose. level 2 - The Attack Of The Ghost Raptor. lev...Full Review", "Stages that require use of flashlight are sometimes difficult. Game has nice videos. Stages that require you to find all characters sometimes frustrating because you try to select the 3rd door and somehow the 2nd door gets selected..", "The new level is locked. I have all of the other levels completed with all of the stars collected. What gives? Also the videos stutter horribly on my Tab 4. They're almost unwatchable. My 3 year old grandson loves Scooby and he loves watching the clips.", "Where are the other cases? I finished the first four but the game won't let me go further. Too bad. I had a lot of fun playing this.", "love Scooby Doo! but I haven't been able to play the latest mystery, just shows locked, no option to open. I keep checking every day, same thing, stil locked. it's a bit disappointing. I want more to play!", "Oh man my check button cracked I would never get a chance to pass the loading page it says I'm offline but I'm in good health online and my WiFi is giving me a good service ughhhh it sucks I love Scooby doo but I can't play it", "Every single time I open it, it tells me I must be connected to the internet. I am. I keep hitting the check mark. It finally starts, then crashes. It NEVER WORKSS, EVER! In fact, I've never been able to play it.", "It is nice to play but objects are the same, tight time. Characters bad voice, exaggerate traits, & emulating 2018 culture which is off character. Does not live up to standards given by Hanna- Barbera.", "With a few problems with loading and downloading the game is still good. Just need more updates. I am finishing the previous updates and having to wait a long time for something new.", "You received 4 stars from me but my autistic child thinks you deserve 5. You got lucky", "Waste of time...at first,the game kept telling me about internet connection problem and then didn't allow me to get past the loading page", "I really downloaded it after watching negative reviews really they are true this idiot game does work it always show loading I waited for 15 min my patience died don't install waste of time", "It's to repeated and I've been waiting for over 2 months for a new episode but still just empty updates. Great creators but horrible at maintaining.", "love this game but need more chapters finished chef secrets and it saying chapters coming soon that's been over 4 months ago what's going on?", "I finished all mysteries and its all fun...only, sometimes its hard to pick/point items and trying so much wastes time...pls fix te controls/sensors..thank u..", "DEAR DEVELOPER, THANK YOU FOR THIS WONDER GAME, NO KIDDING, THIS IS MY FAVERIT, YOU GUYS DID SUCH A GOOD JOB, LOVE-LOVE IT. MICHAEL BERTSCH. 5 STARS.", "What's the point, as if the game developers are going to read this and rectify the problem...can't load game. Full of rubbish", "Can't get passed the loading screen. It say I need to connected to the internet but still never loads. I've never played it because it always crashing on me.", "ITS VERY BAD, IT DOESN'T WORK, I'VE BEEN WAITING IT FOR 12 HOURS AND THE GAME STILL LOADING AND NEVER WORKS", "Well, I downloaded this game yesterday and have already come to the end of the cases. Way too quick if you ask me. Please create more levels! I love this game, but it needs more content. You have costumes for scenarios that don't yet exist :-(", "This won't download - keeps stopping at 50% I have very good Internet service", "I've always loved Scooby Doo and my daughter does. We play it together! Its fun and a good game to play to bond with the little one!\u2764", "Adorable game! Very true to the show. I love the game where the characters run through the various doors in a hallway and I appreciate the Batman crossover!", "I love this game and so does my daughter but both of us would like to know when the new mysteries will be avaliable??", "I was finally able to play the new chef mystery. Just replay the ending to the batman case to unlock it. Now just waiting for new cases.", "Best game for scooby doo fans , it reminds me my childhood memories and I was connected with this game , theme ,animation , music all are superb and waiting for coming soon game part", "Doesn't work! Never-ending loading... When it's going to get fixed or i have to uninstall it?", "Horrible... All I hear is sounds and when it loads... Takes forever... What a waste of time, and data", "Why is it taking too long for the game data to be downloaded? My connection is strong though.", "Love the game-... However it takes entirely to Long for the new boards to come out... Takes to long for any updates", "Took too long to download after it was installed. Did not work.", "Annoyed and with the game and haven't even started playing. Downloaded the game app from the store but when I open it it keeps giving a loading error. Been struggling for over 2 hours to get the game running. Waste of time", "I love this game because I love scooby doo. I think that you should try and make more case.", "I like this game but I finished all the available levels and got all the stars the first day I downloaded it. Please add more levels", "This game is nice but it takes long to download the next few sets of levels and add more costumes and levels.I have finished the game and I have been waiting for a new update. I would REALLY appreciate If you could add more levels.", "Newcleus new coloring books easier based on Scooby Doo comic books and Scooby-Doo episodes and Scooby-Doo Lego episodes the new Batman costumes and new stuff to do each day it's free to download free to play"], "Dream League Soccer 2019": ["Dude, i played DLS since 2015 where I literally maxed out my team by having 100 rating players and honestly, i love it. The 2019 update literally just made that turn 360 degree for me. I got some descent players in my team, such as eden hazard, mbappe, a 95 rating gk and many more. Yet my opponent j...Full Review", "the game is very good and amazing . but you should add more leagues like  the champions league,laliga,isl,bundesliga,etc... i am playing this game for last 3 years. this game is becoming bore because if we win a match we are only getting some coins so that we cant buy any good players like ronaldo,m...Full Review", "Very cool and amazing mobile soccer I've ever seen. I really love it, but I have seen some new changes in the new update which I didn't admire at all. Like becoming compulsory of waiting for the first score replay except the second one. I prefer I can skip the both when I don't want to watch them. A...Full Review", "It's really amazing . Please add few German league team like Bayern Munich. I thick game is good but when I play night match it's graphic is not so good and specially night rain match it's graphic is absolutely poor and poor. One thick I want and that is update the players rating in the transfer mar...Full Review", "I like this game! But i Think there should be legend players, cz in the new update we loat Ibra, Iniesta etc. We want them back and also Bundesliga players!! And it would be a lot better if every player have the real face update, Dls can be better than fifa\"! But in the latest version penalty and fr...Full Review", "this game is awesome and one of the greatest football games on play store. but also need an improvement such as: 1: bringing in more leagues. 2: making it more difficult. 3: bringing in a manager mode, like that of pes 2019. 4: make the commentaries so lovely that it will give goosebumps. 5: make ot...Full Review", "Decent game, but lagging like anything since the 2019 update, that too on a OnePlus 6t. Also, the sprint speed of players has decreased a lot. A regular defender I've never heard of catches up to Raheem Sterling with ease. Lastly, too much effort, too less reward. With the amount of coins one gets a...Full Review", "Great 3D Soccer Game!!! Need more REAL player goal celebrations and animations, cut scenes and face motions of players. Include more commentators. And also Commentary should be more. Replays of Goals should be shown slowly with commentary as in a real match!! Coins for winning matches is not enough,...Full Review", "The game is extra ordinary display of football.But I think the game becomes too easy after a play of 4-5 matches. So see for it. Also world tournaments and other leagues like Bundesliga are not available and you should also add world cup . This is a big defect. Can graphics be made more good? Moreov...Full Review", "Really nice and easy to play. Download and enjoy too. I updated to latest version on my other device and noticed that the AI difficulty level was way more easier than the previous update! I played a game with Athletico madrid and scored 7 goals! on the previous update it would be very difficult to e...Full Review", "need to add new goal celebrations. Everyone shouldn't be able to celebrate the same way. And goal reactions need improvement. 6 goals down and the opp score a 90min consolation goal, yet celebrating as if its a winning goal. And can you allow other teams to do transfer of players amongst themselves....Full Review", "DLS 19 has been extremely great for me honestly the is one of the best games i have ever played but i just want to tell you guys things you might add to the game e.g adding player movements on the celebration and adding new awesome celebrations , adding new face motions (facial expressions) , new sk...Full Review", "The game is really easy but there r many things that need to be improved. First of all, the game should have all the team's licences 4 kits and badges. The leagues should be more realistic and we should be able to increase the difficulty of the AI because it is way 2 easy. Last but not least, u shou...Full Review", "Make some options just like in fifa like semi-pro to legendary. This would be good. Also make it like an option where we could play with other clubs as friendly also a career mode in which cup matches should be included. Also improve graphics. add more leagues like epl,la liga, bundesliga etc also m...Full Review", "good morning hisabe sent korini just a few days ago by email. this is a great deal of time. I am not sure if this is a great deal of time. I am not a problem with the best, I think a beautiful person. anti social networking sites. I am not a member. the only way to get the best, I think it was a bit...Full Review", "my experience has been great, i only wish dls would partner with FIFA and add a certain stage where there's a UEFA cup tittle to be won or something... my downside of the game are the adds that pop up during half time. i understand the other ones for bonuses and stuff but is it necessary for them at...Full Review", "LOVING The new concept of monthly Leagues and Cups along with special cups/leagues like Christmas/New Year etc. The Game Is Great. But after a certain time it becomes very easy to win , and it becomes a bit boring. It needs new level or difficulty settings after the Ultimate Challenge. More Statisti...Full Review", "The 6.05 update broke the game. AI's not even try to defend, too easy to take the ball back. It was hard, yes, that's what make it so exiting. If you want to keep players from leaving the game because it's too difficult, at least add options to choose difficulty. 1 star for now. I won't return to yo...Full Review", "This is a good game really but it can be much better and I'm waiting for it to be better. I wish players could be able to protect the ball because it's very easy for the opponent to get a ball from my players even if they are behind or on the side. As I play this game my photo album is filled with t...Full Review", "Opponent AI too much.. It makes the game imbalanced.. It's becoming boring playing the game.. You can't tackle or pressure AI but AI can take the ball from you easily.. What's the essence of rating players when an underated player in AI can play more than a top star in your dream team. The next upda...Full Review", "Controls definitely haven't been as slick as last year. Poor joystick response when chasing a through ball and manual player switching off-the-ball has somehow gotten worse. But it's still better than whatever free mobile game FIFA have been putting out since the last time they did FUT", "I've just updated the 2018 version to the 2019 version today, 8th January, 2019 and game play has become unbelievably slow. Second time an update slows the game. Please fix. New update solved the problem below! I give it 5 Stars. I downgraded from 5 stars to 1 star because after the current update, ...Full Review", "The update is good but I think the AI is too much. Some of my players have a 90+ rating one of it has a 100 rate and yet it can be easily tackled by a player with a rating of 70. The worst thing is you can't even tackled them regardless of how strong your player is. I hope this can be fixed since I ...Full Review", "Player's rating is no longer working. When I use Messi with 93 rating, it can do nothing with player 85 rating even steal the ball is very difficult. My Team cant get a header even its tall enough. Auto Switch is not really working, it does very slow and misses possition. So What is the function of ...Full Review", "This is a much better game than previous versions. Much smoother and more intuitive. I have to revise previous review. My tablet crashed due to an android update/battery issue not game update. Sorry to devs about that. They have done much better with this 2019 version. There are still some issues wi...Full Review", "Worst football game ever. I can't believe that even with 100-rated defenders, the ball simply passes through them. They can't tackle. They also seem to move away from the ball instead of winning it back. The slide button doesn't respond. Making the game tougher doesn't mean the players must be made ...Full Review", "Can you guys please make this game harder it's just so simple, imagine i won all the trophies in one season... and now i am bored because the game is not competitive, i did not lose a game with my week team. please just make this game hard so i can enjoy it because now it just boring. there is no fu...Full Review", "Guys this new dls is disappointing. Firstly, the defending. When i would i go in for a tackle, the ai player with the ball would still have it. Then when defending a air ball, i would lose every single time. Even if my players are 90+ rated. And then the ai would be like 70 rated defending. Fix your...Full Review", "Great gameplay, but why isnt there a sprint button? and please also make make it possible for someone to connect with friends far away through their google play profile name, other than that the game really makes sense. Good work guys\ud83d\udc4d", "Good football game, no need to go online to play the game. But playing online is a mess really, people slide tackle everytime they were trying to get the ball without getting card till your player \"die\"? It's ridiculous a good game is ruined by online match and the online player itself who can't pla...Full Review", "The 2019 update makes the game very annoying and that has rubbished the good experience I've been having with 2018 version. The 'B' cursor doesn't respond as it doesn't tackle opponent effectively as it is in the earlier. The replay option that shows dream league after scoring a goal or foul is very...Full Review", "A big glitch in penalties shootout. It doesn't matter where i swipe, direction of football is always same i.e. in the mid section of either right half of goal or left half. Look into this. Its really annoying now. Earlier it used to be as per swipe direction but now its not. edit 4/01/2019 : Opposit...Full Review", "First of all its the best game out there you can find but to make it the best of the best you should add curves shots add cash instead of coins because it aint realistic and also make it that we can through pass. To make it more realistic make it so the goalkeepers react like they would react in rea...Full Review", "Things still needs to be done in this 2019 edition. My players cannot attack and take the ball instead they give way if an opponent is coming with the ball unlike the last edition. The tackling also is another issue. My players do a sliding tackle only after the opponent has already passed with the ...Full Review", "Very veerrry greedy developer's. For example it would take 100 games if you where to make 20 coins a match(which is above avergae for match) just to reach 2,000 coins enough to buy one above average player but not AMAZING... Ridiculous this should not be legal. Saddest part is the gameplay is quite ...Full Review", "the kits need to be sorted out. the Kitsap need to be the real kit that the teams a totally play in. not this other rubbish kit. and with the free training. why is there no opposition in the free training. it's pointless training against no one. have the same team in the away kit like in the free ki...Full Review", "AI making the game unplayable & very difficult. If slide tackle AI, straight red. Impossible to disposses AI at all but AI dispossess super easy. AI fouls are almost never called or carded. Switching between defending team players is random & makes it impossible to defend against AI. Team ends up de...Full Review", "I am playing this game since you started this.. 2019 update made my favorite game in to the worst game. the facts that forcing me to uninstall this game are... 1. making tackles easy for opponents and difficult for us. 2. rating given for players are just numbers. our player with 90+ rating is nothi...Full Review", "Tackling is a problem. To win the ball from opponent is difficult even though your player is in the best position to win the ball. The auto cursor switch is slow, and the manual cursor switch with \"C\" is slow too. That's the problem I've observed. Dream league online is trash. Despite strong network...Full Review", "my biggest dissapointment is you guys are stingy with money...winning the league gives only 100 in cash and yet players are sooo expensive... and u buy players for lots of money and sell them for pittances... thats the boring thing about the game..everything else is great. improve the financial rewa...Full Review"], "Train Simulator - Free Game": ["graphics effort is low", "i want more levels as it is there till 50 only need more", "very very nice game", "Good time pass", "it gives More conference options", "very nice good app", "excellent game", "nice game", "Super", "love it", "Superb game", "good", "good", "good", "loved it", "50 level a por ki r kono level deya hobena?", "cool game for train lovers", "fantastic game", "Very good", "amazing", "it is a good game,install this game and play nice it is good when we get bore,but it takes some time to open the game,i like it\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83c\udfae\ud83c\udfae\ud83c\udfae\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "Pretty fun game. Good graphics and sound", "nice game Love this game and and ans an djw jsnw sjsj sjsjsbejsjn jsjs snns sj", "it sucks because you need stars to go to the nexs levol and it go's by four levols", "pls do not install this game it is very bad", "The Best Train Simulator \ud83d\ude82\ud83d\ude84\ud83d\ude85\ud83d\ude86\ud83d\ude87\ud83d\ude88\ud83d\ude8a\ud83d\ude9d", "nice game..\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83c\udffb I loved it guys.", "very bad game", "nice time pass", "nice game... enjoy to play... \ud83d\ude0d", "Abhishek singh", "Not bad game", "not to bad", "Nice game", "mi piace Tantissimo", "Its good", "\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "mast", "i have no words for dis game \ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f", "mast"], "RAINBOW Color by Number - Miraculous Ladybug Art": ["It would be better if you had a way to cut the music off. Uninstalling for that reason", "When I'm depressed, I play this. It keeps me busy.", "I love it, it is very simple but it's got 1 or 2 challenges!!!", "I love the game but is just that I'm a kid you need to pay some pictures", "That I don't love this app", "it is descent I like it a little bit", "Great game love it", "Ya", "awwwwsom", "I like how, if you just watch an ad, a previously locked picture is now available, rather than having to pay for it. However, it seems to heat up my tablet when I use this app. Also, sometimes it will just go to the next color as if you are done with the previous one but aren't. You have to get out ...Full Review", "This app has good quality. The only thing that bothers me is that it lags alot. I was on wi-fi, and I'm suprised that it'd do that. But, it's still a good app.", "Wrk I gave that game like 5minss and it did not even start up. Its like the game froze every time I try to play. \ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude20", "I kind of sad because you have to get a trial some people don't have any money this is my dream", "First I thought it would be very hard to do everything , then I did some of them. The ladybug was the best.", "Wowhead it's pixelated! I hate pixels! Please make the game that we can brush with our hands or mouse!", "I think you need more pics at one time to color. 3 is not enough. Or update it more often.", "I only got this game for miraculous ladybug ones an you can only do two I just downloaded it and deleted it", "Was way to laggy and would always take forever to color or move", "I love the different variety but wish there was more mystery ones", "I love marinat so moush I'm all the time shush thu", "Don't download this app you have to pay to draw lady bug and cat noir \ud83d\ude21", "IT IS AMAZING IT IS SO FUN AND EASY!", "It never did what I wanted it to do", "This is the best coloring game I ever had", "I love it but too many ads!", "I love this game for so many reasons.", "I Love Ladybug And Cat noir", "You shouldent have to pay for this stulid game plus dont download it\ud83d\ude44\ud83d\ude44", "I love paint by number.", "I love this game. And I love laby bud", "All pictures should be able to access", "I love this game", "I LOVE COLOR BY NUMBER GAMES SO MUCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "Amazing SUPER DUPER AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!", "To many add plz fix", "I LIKE THIS APP", "I Love this game.", "I like this game", "I like it, it's addicting", "It is awesome"], "Supreme Bubbles": ["Good and bad. Still has many bugs that need sorting out. New levels are coming when?", "A number of times i needed blue and never got them till it was to late. only to play the level over and get same results \ud83d\ude20", "Best regards to you and your all team", "thard class app , i hrt", "I like it!", "Love it.....fun!!", "good apk; happy", "supper game", "Good game", "like himu", "relax", "good game, addicting", "good", "Nice", "good", "fine", "nice", "Good", "I like the game but it has ads after EVERY game. I expect some ads but this is really annoying. I would give it 5 stars across the board if I only had to watch ads every 4-5 games.", "Need more levels. Been waiting a very long time. Ready to give up on your games. I've deleted several because I am as far as I can go til more levels.", "This game can be very frustrating but yet you're pulled back into it time and time again", "Shame the game stops at level 1775 would of rated higher if it didn't stop \nthere.", "Great and fun game. I downloaded while waiting in the ER. Took my mind off my worries and passed the time.", "Fires on its own at times. Doesnt go where you aim. Rapid fires without warning.", "really like the game. although it gets hard at times you at least make it possible to win after so many tries. other groups don't there for l quite the game altogether. thanks .I m 71 years.", "When we reach the 115th level we can't control it is really bad WORST APP IN THE WORLD", "Dont like balls it gives when ball of that colour is not 2 be seen.kathryn", "A lot of fun not too many commercial I enjoy it. good and relaxing..\ud83d\udc99", "with only 48 levels left to do kind of sad I'm almost done this game has been my evening relaxer after a long day", "It freezes in the middle of a game and then shuts down problem", "The game is fun; however, I don't like having to buy coins with real money.", "I'm new to this game ,so far so good. We will see. It's fun and relaxing.", "got tired of being cheated out of shots earned -uninstalled!!!", "I think game could be easier,more s\ud83c\udfe5\ud83d\uddfb\ud83d\uddfbhots e ach round.", "this is s game born out of a spoiled brain....not worth the time", "I like it. It relaxes my mind when I am so confused.", "Just make the levels much easier.Also give me the update as I have completed till level 1785.", "Too frigin hard, useless program!", "Froze up on me every other game", "I'm at top and need more levels. Miss playing it"], "ABC Kids - Tracing & Phonics": ["This app is easy to use (my 3 yr old does everything on the app himself) and is great for teaching letters. The only thing I wish was different was that the s pen stylus would work with the game so that my son can hold it like a pencil to trace the letters and learn to write instead of just tracing ...Full Review", "I was very excited to see this game was free as a Kindergarten teacher! However when my 3 year old and I played the game my skin crawled when I heard the letter sounds being made! Q made the /k/ sound, r made something like /rugh/ and f made the /fugh/ sound. As a teacher, please please please don't...Full Review", "Love this app, my 18 month grandson plays with this app a lot. no ads to interrupt his fun. I love all your apts that I have for him. He is learning so quickly. Keep up the good work. I can't believe that an app as beautifully put together as this is free.", "Excellent app for learning letters, my daughter loves the app. Knows all her letters after using it just a short time. No internet connection needed which is extra nice. Must download if you have 2 or 3 year old!", "As an aunt that wants to teach her nephews. This is very great! And very very easy to use. It also has it's own child lock of some sort. Double thumbs up to the maker! \ud83d\udc96", "5 stars all the way!! i have a 2 1\\2 year old and shes learning so much with this app. she loves saying the letter and rewards with stickers. so fun for her and me too \ud83d\ude00", "Love it. 2 year old niece picked it up instantly. Thank you so much . sharing with my 2 year old nephew . they both live it.thank you for having no ads and making this free. much appreciated", "My Granddaughter loves this game!she's 3 now n started playing about a year ago n she doesn't know she's learning, but she really is\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffd. my 6yr old granddaughter also played this n is at the top of her class\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffd", "I rated a 3 star because my four year old is practicing handwriting skills and using her fingers doesn't really help with strengthening the muscles in her fingers like using a writing tool will. If she was able to use my stylus it would be great and I would give a 5 star rating. Please fix it where ...Full Review", "thank you so much. my 3 yo girl loves your apps! I love that I've been able to put them on a tablet that rarely goes online. they do sometimes take a minute to load it's faster when online. waiting and watching for new apps. maybe reading next?", "I loved it because my almost 3-year old was able to understand it right away. I just wish it had options for different languages like their other games \"math kids,\" and \"colors and shapes\"", "Great app for free. Could use ths ability to randomize the alphabet tracing to add a level of challenge, as well the pick the letter and letter matching need to be expanded as it seems to just use the same 7 to 10 letters over again.", "It works well, it is free. My duaghter likes the stickers. Wish it would track progress so I can see what my daughter needs improvement on. Would like it available on pc as well.", "my kid has no interest in learning, forcing him to play your games, he knows he is learning but is having fun and willing to play to learn so thank you", "Not happy. The App doesn't work after playing few times. You need to install again to run. They intentionally did it to increase install number. Very bad policy. I will report this app to google", "So nice to get an app that is both free and free of adverts. My grandson, who is 2\u00bd, loves using it and it's really helping his development. Thank you.", "my 2 year old loves teaching and learning his ABCs. it's fun for him which is good and it was free! the whole alphabet, capital and lowercase tracing, matching, words beginning with the letters. it's awesome", "Great app, needs to be a bit more sensitivity. tracing is a bit hard. it makes my 3 year old quite frustrated.", "very excellent and so use full, my son learning more with playing, it's very nice, reagrads ILLUSION CARS AND SERVICES MUMBAI", "I find this educational game fun, attractive fun to listen and touch. My son really loves it", "great game for the kids. they love the animals and the simple gameplay. perfect for four year olds, they love the game, nice work!!", "The letter sounds are not phonetically accurate. It's not \"tuh\" for T. There is no \"uh\" sound in any letter sound.", "My daughter loves to trace and match the letters. She's just two and she is doing an amazing job with this game", "Really helped my 3-year-old get interested in drawing her letters. Like that it has caps and lowercase.", "This is wonderful for being free! It's just the app I was hoping to find for my kids.", "My 2 year old granddaughter loves, it's one of her favs. Thank you;)", "very good app for children to learn abc in caps and small letter ... its ad free app.", "\u092a\u094d\u0930\u093e\u0930\u092e\u094d\u092d\u093f\u0915 \u0936\u093f\u0915\u094d\u0937\u093e \u0915\u0947 \u0930\u0942\u092a \u092e\u0947\u0902 \u092c\u091a\u094d\u091a\u094b \u0915\u0947 \u0932\u093f\u092f\u0947 \u0905\u091a\u094d\u091b\u093e \u0917\u0947\u092e \u0939\u0948 \u0964 \u0915\u0943\u092a\u092f\u093e \u0939\u093f\u0928\u094d\u0926\u0940 \u0935\u0930\u094d\u0923\u092e\u093e\u0932\u093e \u0915\u0947 \u0917\u0947\u092e \u092d\u0940 \u092c\u0928\u093e\u090f\u0964 \u0905,\u0906,\u0908 \u0914\u0930 \u0915,\u0916,\u0917 \u090f\u0935\u0902 \u0917\u093f\u0928\u0924\u0940 1,2,3", "Must for kids. This app is awesome and educative for kids. Keep rocking developers", "I love that this game app is free. I read the story about why this app is Free and that's awesome. I definitely will recommend this to others for learning enrichment material.", "my daughter is loving the game your company is awesome \ud83d\ude0e!!!", "Its a great app when its actually functioning ,but the last few times it just keeps crashing....", "Great Mobile Application. My son is learning a lot from this application. I appreciated to RV Studios.", "My 2 yo daughter loves this app! I wish I found this app a long time ago!", "It's helped my son out on writting his letters he loves it and I love it", "perfect help and learning for kids. thank you.", "This app really helpful to my kid.", "Its amazing and the best thing its free", "Its boring i do not like it ugh", "I have a little sister and I think she would like it."], "Escape game : 50 rooms 1": ["The whole game is good, except the free hints wheel. There are 6 spots in the wheel, 1 spot each for 1, 2, or 3 hints, the other 3 spots are ads. The expectations were I will have a half chance of getting a hint instead of an ad. In reality, it is IMPOSSIBLE to get an extra hint, but you will always...Full Review", "Good game, interesting concepts for each of the few levels I have completed so far. Makes me use my brain. Not as difficult as other escape games I have played, but I enjoy playing it nonetheless. Nice graphics, too. NOTE to developer : Where you ask for a review of the game, the word \"cancel\" is sp...Full Review", "just starting the game. So far I'm in the third room. The music is nice, the art is clear so so far there isnt too much eye strain. I would love to work through some of these puzzles before bed to help clear my head. Great job . \ud83d\ude01 P.S. we could use less of the ads. interferes with concentration.\ud83d\ude44", "Was all fine and dandy until I got to level 50. I get stuck at the puzzle on the door. It asks me to play the game but it won't do anything. When I tried to use a hint in case I was missing something, the screen that pops up is in chinese or something. \ud83e\udd14", "I solved the code yet it will not register as correct in order for me to grab my key card to exit. anybody else having this issue?I'm close to removing the game out of frustration. which sucks because it's a great game. level 24", "ads b/w every room i don't really mind but -- was ok til bedroom with boarded windows. how does safe combination make any sense? 3 flowers, k, but 6 color blocks and 6 animal numbers on tapestry. where did the 5 come from?", "There's a bug in one of the levels... I finished the cat puzzle in level 43 but it won't give me the next clue. Thought maybe I did something wrong and had to unfortunately look it up but I'm doing everything right. But overall a great game, hopefully it'll be fixed soon.", "Okay so far. Seems lke selling is big priority. That is lame when already dealing with ads. Game ends up more than x-box. Too bad but not so lame if you are at Dr/Dentist/on bus etc.", "This game is pretty dope and great for challenging the mind. People are complaining about it being too many ads, but you can quickly hit the'X' so you can get right back to the game. You really won't miss a beat by watching 3 seconds of an ad. The first 10 levels seem to be super easy but the levels...Full Review", "I would've given this five stars, except the little banner ad keeps glitching and getting in the way of gameplay. Instead of being at the bottom out of the way, it keeps going into the corner and covering the left side of the screen so I can't even hit the back button or see that part of the room. I...Full Review", "it's a simple enough game, but I have two big issues. First off, the hint system. For one the hints are on a meter. So why give the players an option to \"spin the wheel\" to get hints? Especially when after it lands on an ad said ad gives you no hints. Then there's the BIG issue of the game just not ...Full Review", "This is a great game for beginners. The clues aren't hard nor easy.As the gameplay is purely logical, that's the only way to get out of the rooms. It's been a very long time since I played an Escape Room game and I really like this one. My only peeve is that I have to tap on items much harder for it...Full Review", "not bad.. but glad I am not paying anything for it and dont spend any money.. the problem if you use hints.. it goes and tell you stuff you have already done so they are wasted. glad I never spent any money on it.. just keep you wallet closed for this one", "I've only played about 5 levels but it keeps asking me to review the game. It's really good so far. I've been solving each level in about a minute or two but you have to find things around the room and put then together to solve codes. I'm enjoying it and I'm going to play more. There are ads after ...Full Review", "Lots to do which I enjoyed. Room 1 Level 43 - the cat puzzle doesn't work for me. I've watched numerous tutorials and seems lots of people can't pass despite placing all peices correctly. Unfortunately because I cannot continue I have to uninstall. Good work though guys... Blessings.", "The game was ok, but one of my clues was in chinese, and I'm american. I couldn't change the language in any way, and not to mention the hints! They were glitching and not working very well. Pls don't waste your time", "I was enjoying the game, however I have gotten stuck and no matter how many hints I try to use, they keep coming up in Chinese or something that I cannot read. No to mention the number of times I've done the right thing over and over and it didn't register. I've also wasted so many hints because i c...Full Review", "I like the challenge this game provides. The only complaint I have is that I have tapped on areas where I think I need to inspect, but nothing happens. Then I waste a hint and suddenly it highlights an area I previously tapped. That becomes a little frustrating. Otherwise, this is a good gamr.", "Trying to do a level, close to the end, and no matter how many times I put the code in CORRECTLY, it won't open the box. I have done everything I can to get this level to work so I can move on, and it isn't working! So annoying!", "Game is great until level 20. There is a glitch that when the solution is played, the game does not advance. I even e-mailed the devolopers several times. They responded only ONCE requesting a screenshot. I sent it and never heard from them again. Will probably delete the app.", "well i was enjoying it until i got to level 25 and it wouldnt let me finish my level despite putting the right code into the box. i know i was right because after it didnt work i used the hint which told me to do exactly what i had already done. what a load of shite.", "If it weren't for the ads that stay on the screen during gameplay I would have liked it a lot better. I stopped in the second room because even after closing the ad there's a white screen that just hangs out and I can't push anything that's behind it.", "i woupd recommend this game for people who want to just take up time because they are bored. But i warn you...this game really doesnt need much thought. Its actually pretty easy. Just dont overthink, youll lose your mind with this one.", "Not terrible. Too many ads. Hard to figure out where to click. Doesn't have a good tutorial. Some phases don't seem to have clues. Entered number correctly and was wrong until the item finally used itself on the other. Watching ads to get clues doesn't work. Spells cancel wrong.", "usually, i am a huge fan of Escape rooms. I have been only done with few levels till now but its interesting till now. The only thing is some maps are repeated, which were reducing my interest and excitement. apart from that everything is worth to try.", "I love it. it makes u use ur brain. and practice ur memory skills and u got plenty of levels to play which gets more difficult so u go. very fun. I love it. I would suggest it for my kids as well to help them think and try to work out a problem.", "In level 10 in what appears to be a little girls room you have Swastika's. The Nazi's sign. I'd give this game no stars if I could. DON'T DOWNLOAD", "you ask for a rating after every level which gets annoying, gameplay is interrupted by ads, and there are ads after every level. I understand advertisements are the way you keep the game free, however over use of ads will kill your game too. On another note solid gameplay, amazing puzzles, and aweso...Full Review", "It's a good game and I don't mind the ads but it has some software issues. Even if you do the right thing to complete a puzzle, sometimes it wouldn't register. You have to redo and redo and then as by chance it let's you go ahead. Finally had to admit that I don't want to play this game when in leve...Full Review", "It keeps force closing after I pass level 40, can't get any further.. it's very upsetting that I got so far and now I can'teven finished the game", "So... I love escape games but I JUST dwnlded this particular game. I only 7 rooms into it so I can only say that so far it's freaking great! I think the only thing I would change is I'd offer a free walk-through for those times that we all are stumped! Yes, I understand that you do offer 3 free hint...Full Review", "I would love to give this five stars, however, I am stuck on level 40. Solving it isn't the problem seeing as ive done it about 20 times but every time I finish it kicks me off and i have to start over. I am not sure if it is the game or my device so I thought i would let you know so that if it was ...Full Review", "good escape game until level 10 where it turns into an incredibly tedious and annoying sliding puzzle game of which type I detest and therefore cant be bothered to take it any further. shame really cos very nice graphics etc, and good escape puzzles up to level 10 - i just cant stand sliding puzzles...Full Review", "They dont give any clue to start your hunt. The screens freeze and dont load correctly. When you quit and then come back it sends you to the previous screen to complete again to move on. When trying to earn free clues the menu is in Chinese(?) and after you watch the ads you dont get the free clue. ...Full Review", "A great experience! I love the challange! I hope you make more apps like this! Note to everyone: ADS - Lucky Patcher is the missing key! Hints - This is why you have a brain.. Any more complaints - You're just over reacting to your fails while playing the game. Note to developers: *Please respond to...Full Review", "it is an interesting game, but i have watched ads to get a hint several times and the hint was never added to my hint queue. Also some of the hints are completely worthless. these aspects are extremely frustrating.", "Good game. quite easy though as I'm moving through levels fast without really needing hints and I'm bad at these games. There's a 5 second ad between levels which is quite annoying but on the whole a good game.", "Hi Did anyone have problem with level 9 I did everything correctly and when I am trying to apply code from paper to black screen on the closet it doesnt read it. I know I have correct answer. What is going on I can't go forward", "OK challenging game. Ads are annoying but I learn to ignore it. Game on level 37 is impossible to complete so can't get any further.", "Am at level 22 . Am not able to play the final puzzle to open the door. Even the hint seems to be in different language. Can anyone help me?"], "Temple Run": ["Love this game very much. I like temple run more than the second one, Temple Run 2. That's because the first one looks simple but yet challenging. I hope there will have more update on this game. I play Temple run very frequent because it tests my reflexes and i got a lot of coins but don't know wha...Full Review", "Too many adds. But it is a great game. I rate it for everyone (by everyone I mean 5+). They could improve the game. It can be addicting. But not really relaxing (my opinion). Good luck to the begginners. Have fun! Enjoy the game! P.S it can be challenging but it makes the game even better. It has go...Full Review", "I've been playing and supporting this game for years. No more. Having purchases that are necessary to advance (seriously advance) AND mandatory, loud, obnoxious forced ads after every single game play, is outrageous. I've spent a ton of $ in the store and I also have to sit through video ads now? Un...Full Review", "I really love this game but absolutely I am agree with the person who wrote that ads are out of control really we need to see the as video then only we would continue the game and Temple Run is an addictive game I downloaded not me my brother he is all the time in that so but I actually play sometim...Full Review", "i used to absolutely adore this game, but after redownloading, the ads are out of control. it asks if you want to watch an ad to continue when you die, fine, but then without permission it plays one between every single run, with sound that pauses my music. really, really annoying and intrusive for ...Full Review", "This app has changed a lot over the years, and the advertisements are way too frequent. Ask me to watch a video to continue or watch a video to play again. Lol! You lost this player. It's ok.. the game play is mediocre at best. Graphics are same. Was a good time passer, but you got too greedy, so yo...Full Review", "Fantastic game. But it's controls are quite weak when played in sleeping position. However for time pass we can play this game. I want to say something to the players that I like to play adventourous games. One of them is this game. peoe who do not like to play adventure games shall not be liking th...Full Review", "Too many intrusive advertisements. Why force us to watch an advertisement after every run? I understand the idea that we can watch an advertisement to resurrect now; but every single death meaning a 30 second (or longer) video advertisement that pauses music is absolutely horrendous. The creators go...Full Review", "its very adventurous game and at any time any thing can happen unexpectable , totally different so i love this game but i think there should be a direction map which should have shown at the screen when we are running in the game so it would be easier to play and otherwise its my favourite game of a...Full Review", "Since when did Temple Run start having ads? Its great if you want to get revived after you die but to have them after each time? Or not know when they're going to show up? No thank you. Stick with the earlier versions without ads please. Will be uninstalling.", "This game as too many ad's and it is broken because I slide to jumps and I go left. If it had work normaly I would of gave it a 3 stars. also it glitch a lot.", "Too much ads Video When pop up comes up watch ad to continue and click on Close or cross option, The ad video is still playes. Tired of all this ads video. Please check and fix it. otherwise game is Good", "I really enjoy this game I use to play it a long time ago and here recently I had an urge to want to play it again. It's just the same as it was when it first came out. When it comes to the ads I just turn off my Wifi and problem solved.", "the adventure and sound makes my blood rush. the creator really out did themselves. the adventure and all the movement really brings it to life. this game may be the game were no one and i mean no one will never stop playing. and finally i rate this game with an amazing five stars. also you may be s...Full Review", "Great game. Simple graphics and very good gameplay. I did, however, notice that there were a lot if adds. After every game, there is an add. I think that that's a bit excessive. Overall, a decent game, very simple and easy to learn how to play.", "Used to play temple run a lot a few years ago, decided to download and play again but it is now full of ads that totally ruin the playing experience. Couldn't find a way of purchasing ad free version. Deleted app wont be playing again.", "OMG! I am totally addicted towards this game and love this games for all its adventures. i would request everyone to make it a world famous game and remember friends this game is thousand times better than pubG", "do i should put a star? mmmhh 1 star will do base on my feelings of this game i don't like this game anymore,too many ads and too much changed im just overcome the obstacles but the hole was there too near when i turn left or right, how can i run yet? well game over and over and over...i over this g...Full Review", "I have previously rated the app by saying it inferior then my play store was stopped but will any person ask from such apps that why people give such reviews about them anywasys I stills use my previous words for such type of apps\ud83d\ude0f", "Used to be a good game. Playable and unobtrusive ads, but then it started forcing an OBNOXIOUS video ad after every death. Uninstalling. And no... I won't now try Temple Run 2.", "love this game ... it's not hard and it's not easy it's a rely good game and trust me I don't give out ,any reviews and sometimes the app is rely bad but in this case it's good . INSTALL THIS APP PEOPLE IT'S SOOOOOOOOOO GOOOD", "I remember when The Explorer would go smack into a tree for i.e. it would say \"Trees hurt\" ectera...where is that in this or other versions? Otherwise, awesome.", "Really fun classic. Graphics really do look outdated now, but that doesn't distract from the fun gameplay. It isn't riddled with ads and microtransactions like today's mobile games.", "This game is soo good of you love adventure.Idont know why people hate this game.It is just different from all the other games and stands out to me and if you haven't already installed this game I don't know what you are doing with your life now!!BEST GAME EVER!!!!!INSTAL IT NOW!!\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude09", "STOP MAKING ME WATCH ADS AFTER EVERY DEATH! I get its income for you but it's a rediculous turn off for so many ads and I'll be uninstalling.", "It used to be so much fun playing this game for hours. But this new version is just bad. So many ads that make no sense and distracting from the fun. Not worth it.", "This is one of the best games I have ever played, I've been playing it ever since it came to the kindle fire and now I'm playing it on my phone. It's very addicting and I do highly reccomend this game", "To the Developer :-- Stop the nonsense ads which comes each time when we get out of the play. It really sucks the interest of continuing the game.. Hate this game because of the ads..", "The ads are annoying and I can't seem to find how to stop them. Other than that game is awesome time killer.", "i like this game very much but it has to many ads .after every game there will be a long ad waiting for us ...although its the best game that i have been playing from my early childhood it was my favourite game,it is my favourite game and i think it will too....\ud83d\ude03", "this teaches a lesson that we all are running for collecting money in life andmany obstacles may come but we have to overcome and run for good some times we may fall but we have to run again in our life.", "I hate the ads which takes alot of time. But its fun playing \ud83d\ude0a", "if u close net the ads would not disturb....I gave 4 stars as my younger daughter shared it in her phone but they are asking Adobe air functioning", "I love this game it is a amazing experience to everyone else is reading the this give a try this game is amazing trust me . you will be amazed how amazing this game is it running for it life. I think that you will love this game so much that you will on for the rest of you life. this game is really ...Full Review", "this is disgusting i hate this game......there r lots of adds and even i got to the store i tried to buy something and then I got out of the game ,now there are glitches every where .....?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!even I'm out of the game a add from the game a add add comes out on my game!!...grrr why don't ...Full Review", "Over five years this is one of 3 games I've kept. :) Has been over run with adds past get months.", "Asks you If you want to continue running, u click no, make you watch ad anyways to play again -_- that's pretty annoying. Other than that the game is spot on \u2606", "boring, I hate this 'cause I just bored. This is no more only slide swipe jump \ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude34\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude4e\ud83d\ude30\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude20", "so fun! but one problem i have is when i die it says run again and when i click that most of the time it shows 30s adds", "This app is so fun I love it! But there is sometimes when I got to run it will freeze up and not play it only sometimes though"], "Casino Roulette: Roulettist": ["I do think its the most realistic to real roulette except the board is backwards, I play almost everyday!", "harsh bhai 100", "very gd game", "super", "fun and entertaining", "great", "Love it", "great", "Very good game, set out like a real casino table and has a very real life touch to it. Best roulette fame I've come across", "It's a great past time. I like it and i have to fight my girlfriend to play it!", "Worst game, unable to start, showing as error and asking to try again.", "Very elaborate roulette game, probably the most realistic, 3D rendered.", "This game vert cool . Th\u00e9 graphic are very good line real one. Good job.", "I don't understand the whole show", "This is the most awesome game . Fantastic and enjoyable to play. Love it", "It's awesome new interesting. But, sometimes connection error. Apart from that it's cool", "Very realist and great graphics. Enjoyed playing it.", "Sooooo addictive so reaaaaaal", "Its very good game i like it is a super", "What a game I loved it", "Love it time consuming", "This is really good", "Sweet game come let's play together it's Fun .....\u2661\u2661\u2661\u2661", "Good for time pass", "The game os noce", "Perfect roullette apps, exactly like in casino \ud83d\udc4d", "Improve the quality of the graphic", "Steadyyyyyyy From Malaysia", "the best casino game ever", "Well designed and plenty of games to.play", "Bad game", "Just great!", "Wicked", "Bekaar", "Very nice and eazy", "Great", "Very good.", "Best", "Awesome game", "Great"], "TongitsXtreme": ["Isa sa paborito ko toh. May konting bugs lang like kahit sunog na ak kalaban, nananalo parin sa bilangan sa bandang huli pag ubos na ang cards sa gitna. Never the less, awesome app parin. Kudos!", "para ka lang tanga ang dalawang kalaban mo lang ang nanalo palagi if maganda na ang set ng baraha mo nag dro draw agad.im on level 3 but to the last update im stuck on level zero.losses is getting bigger than my wins. what a shame.need to uninstall..", "Okay okay. Pang palipas oras. Pero bakit hindi ko ma basa ang cards ng kalaban? Minsan C minsan D ung cards nila. Di ko tuloy ma laman kung anong cards hawak nila sa huli. Pero overall okay na okay sya.", "I like the game. It keeps me awake \ud83d\ude02 anyway, kudos to the developers, i hope it could be played with multiplayer. Real player\ud83d\udcaa", "nadagdagan nanaman ang diskarte ko sa pagsusugal sino ba naka isip nito lupet mo parekoy.", "I love to play it this game..im very injoy to play its amazing.", "Subrang na eenjoy ko ung game na to lalo na pag naapit ka sa trapik ito ung pang palipas oras ko", "great game app... hehehe di na ako makamobile legends dahil dito", "Maganda na sana . Dagdagan nyo ng isa pang features. Playing with friends over bluetooth or hotspot. Yun lang.", "Sana po online para may makalaban na totoong tao...para mas masaya..", "Ok to pero gawin nyo ring local multi-player...", "I think it's an exciting game for me.", "ma utak ang klaban..pero galin maayus nmn ang laro..kaylangan magulangan nting sila", "okay siya pampalipas oras. pero mas maganda sana kung meron siyang online mode para PVP, nakakainip din kasi pag AI kalaban e.", "bakit ba pag kalaban pede mag draw kahit kaka umpisa palang ng game kahit 2 ikot palang. tas pag ako hindi pwede??", "xaun naku pagkadaug nga di ko makakaun xa ela elabay", "Grabe sobrang ganda ng larong to hehe pampalipas oras", "Maganda naman ang laro pero sana Maging cool pa siya sa tong its war", "pwede din ba to sa laptop?", "like it, its fun to play", "sana pwedi mag laro multiplayer gamit bluetooth", "geh geh gagalingan ko pa", "AI--->RIGS the whole game.", "Maybe you can change the color", "I like dis", "Very nice game", "Good pastime game", "i won in a spin today. is it legit?", "I won the game", "I like it", "Its nice", "Good application", "good games", "I like it", "challenge games", "it is a nice game", "updated", "love it", "Good", "God"], "Shapes and Colors \u2013 Kids games for toddlers": ["I downloaded this game on my daughter's tab then I tried to download on my phone as well for my daughter. I could only download the free version on my phone even though I paid for the full version. I don't have this problem with sago mini or toca games. I was going to download other games but I wont...Full Review", "I also downloaded this on my tablet and paid. But it won't restore the purchase on my daughter's tablet. I want my money back . .. (edit) tried contacting them and got no response.", "my three-year-old loves this game it keeps her very interested and motivated to learn", "Purchased the add on.... wont let me restore the purchase on another device.", "Nice game for 2-3 old children", "My two year old loves it .", "my 2 year old loves it", "my grandson loves it and he is learning", "love it", "peaceful", "The back button is in the same position as the top left game, the square/circle/triangle sorter. If my child hits the back button one too many times he ends up selecting that game, then when we back out of it the game glitches and returns to the same shape sorter game then no buttons work...", "My 2yo boy love most of Bimi Boo App games. Is there a package price to unlock 3-4 app instead of unlock each separately?", "Good learning App for Kids.", "Its good....with Indonesian please", "My son really likes it!!!!!!!", "Great for kids!", "Nice!", "I think it's a good game a good learning game \ud83c\udfae", "My kid loves it", "Very good", "nice game", "Great toddler game", "needs play store lock", "This is very bad game \ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21", "Fun", "my 2yr old son loves this game", "dear bimiboo kids, please stop this stupid, creepy and annoying practice: \nTO SEND copy-pasted irrelevant answers to your customers' reviews. its \nbetter if you dont answer at all.", "Dear bimiboo, Your full version is priced 185 pesos so I purchased it. But surprised to see you charged me 207.20 pesos. Can you please explain why or else I want my refund. Please reply ASAP!Thanks", "How can I open this apps the others games its onlock I don't have any acct \npls can u open the others games my children like this but she get mad bcoz \nthe others games its onlock", "I purchase the full version, are other apps showing no price is free? \nOverall, it's good! Keep up the good work!", "Nice games for kids, if only there are more free games n not just 5", "More free gift for lock game. For more better promotion", "My 2 year old granddaughter loves this game.", "For good games ....lock is there.. not liked the games", "2 year old Granddaughter loves this game as well as your other games! We \nlove them all!", "My 2 years old son love the game", "My kid love it. She can play by herself without me close any of the advs", "My kid loves it!", "My son loves it", "Nice game.."], "Helix Jump": ["I LOVE this game! Fun and very addictive. I would give it 5 stars, but I paid to get rid of the ads months ago, they never got rid of them. I figured it was a slip and if I said something they would fix it. I told them almost 2 months ago I've not heard back, it never got fixed. I want my money or t...Full Review", "Very good game. All the details are good and you can do many things like have fun customization and more. My favorite part is the challenges that make the game fun for everyone. Its also cool that you can customize your splat your ball and its better than having the same ball being only able to chan...Full Review", "Love this game! the customisation is so cool and I love the variety. Ads are a bit annoying but the fun makes up for it. A couple times a bug has showed up and the ball falls into infinity and you lose the level. Hope this could be fixed but otherwise the game is a really great game to pass time whi...Full Review", "I love this game! Been playing for god knows how long, I love each ball you can change to, although I do have a favourite! One thing I will ask, is.. I can't get the very last ball, it says I need to unlock 5 skins, but for some reason, even though I have all the \"skins\" (at least I think I do) it w...Full Review", "If there was an option to rate this game zero stars this game would have it. I've never been spammed by ads this hard before, easy to solve turn off wifi. On top of that though the game breaking bug where the ball falls into infinity when you should win. Game should have not been released. Props tho...Full Review", "This is the best game ever I love it. Their is so many different balls to choose from. Each new level is a different colour and there is now a background. Also their are boosters that help you get to the end. Overall I would recommend this game to all people because it is so fun and addicting I play...Full Review", "Great Time pass! unstoppable! Great fun! But found an issue, Ball is keep in going down even after level is completed. I able to collect green power continously 4 times, before that power ends current level is completed, but ball didn't stopped. it keeps going down. I have to force kill the applicat...Full Review", "This game is imensly fun! So many fun and colorful levels! But there are SO MANY ADS! It makes it IMPOSSIBLE to enjoy! That is why i rated this a one. Its really sad because this one probably one of the best grossing games if the creators tweaked SIMPLE things! I even paid for NO ADS and they still ...Full Review", "It's easy once you get the hang of it. I like the different color schemes. For once you can't see other users' scores so you're only competing against yourself. I don't know if it's a bug on my end, but when I view an ad for a second chance, it always resets to zero, the same as it would if I hit re...Full Review", "I love the game, but giving a lower review due to their support.  I had purchased the \"No Ads\" option, but continued to see ads.  After contacting the developer, they never responded after a week.  It was only after I reset the app (Cleared Data), did it register that I had paid for the \"No Ads\" fea...Full Review", "This is a good game its a really good time killer, but I think I found a bug. When I hit to many of the green boosters it will destroy the very bottom of the level and then my ball will just keep falling through the air. If you could fix this that'd be great thanks!\ud83d\ude01", "This game is fun and addictive but super frustrating when you get so far and it freezes bc you drop so many floors. I couldn't tell you how high of a score I have had for it to only freeze. I only give this game a 2 for that reason. For those of you complaining about ads turn Airplane mode on while ...Full Review", "its great but its too EASY ive been playing this game for like 2 weeks and im already on level 500. And theres way too many ads. I seriously have to leave the app and join the app again just to see no ads. i thought this would be a challenging game but i get no challenge.", "I love this game. I have had it for 2 years I think and I am only on leavel 61 lol. Anyway I realy started playing this game every day about 2 & 1 half months ago when I was on leavel 8 so I guess you could say that I have realy improved. :) The only complaint is (well not realy a complaint) is that...Full Review", "Good game. Simple but effective. A good time waster. The only game breaking bug that I came across is that if you align to many \"boost\" arrows too close to the end, you will go right through the final tile and your ball will be falling forever. Otherwise, good game and worth giving a try if you don'...Full Review", "This game is very calming unless you get frustrated very easily. It is pretty easy to learn how to play. Definitely recommend this game. In my top 3 favorite games. Also people are saying there are too many ads and all you have to do is turn off the WiFi on your tablet, that's what I do.", "I absolutely love the game!! The only thing, though, is that I've unlocked all the skins except the one where you have to unlock 5 skins to get the skin. Even though I've unlocked more than 5 skins, I still haven't been able to unlock that skin. Perhaps the bug could be fixed in the future..? I real...Full Review", "I am addicted to this game I love it. But I am giving it a 4 star cause in all the updates the developers have still not figured out a way to save your progress if something happens to the game. I have had to restart this game 3 other times while in the 500s or higher and had to start back at 1 caus...Full Review", "It's amazing! And I have noticed some of u guys are saying that there are a lot of ads! See my channel there is a video I applauded that describes how to get rid of ads without having to put money in the game! Don't forget to see my channel!( Leen Lalo )", "I dont like how it like glitches when u play the game most of the time so then im I end up landing on the bit that makes you go back to the start of the level!!!! But other then that it is a great game!!!! I usto not like this game but now i do and o am on level 72 now!!!! I would also like that you...Full Review", "The is a great game and a great time killer. Perfect for down time at work or in between matches of your favorite multiplayer game. The only reason I rate it 4 is because there is a bug that I run into pretty consistently. Almost every time I boot it up, I'll run get a glitch where grabbing the arro...Full Review", "I used one of the powerups and broke through the end of the map. My ball is now continuously falling through all space and time. I can't stop laughing about it! \ud83d\ude02\ud83e\udd23 Overall, okay game. A great time killer. Just gets boring after awhile, and WAY too many ads.", "A very fun and addictive game. I would have given it 5 stars except for one problem. It runs down my battery VERY fast, more than 5% for every 10 minutes of game play. My battery is not defective and typically lasts 24 hours or more. I suspect the nice graphics with realistic paint \"splats\" are the ...Full Review", "It's a fun game, and my 6 yo loves it, but I want a paid option for advert free. Some of those ads are NOT kid appropriate. Not that you care, given how much you must be raking in revenue from adverts, but I'm uninstalling until there is an advert-free option.", "This game is really good its challenging that makes good it makes you want to finish it. There is a lot of ads though but i still love the game its perfect for me i usually delete a game as soon as i get it cause its bad. I recommend you get the app its really fun. the new updates are amazing im on ...Full Review", "This is the most addictive game I have ever played. It is amazing. I only have 1 issue. If u r connected to WiFi, the game glitches a little bit. Pls fix. I think this game is definitely worth downloading. Don't listen to any negative comments people r saying. I told my cousin to get Helix jump and ...Full Review", "helix jump... i loved this game until i had to change phones.... I was on level 2092 with a record of over 4 million but when i had to change my phone, i had to restart. That was a whole 5 months work of playing so i would reccommend a way to save your progress.", "Addictive and challenging. This only downfall is it starts from the last level you were playing. I can't see an option to choose level for start which makes it a bit useless. My kids want to play on one device and see who can go further, but can't. So somewhat disappointing", "It was great!! I tried playing once in messenger but this was actually better...\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\ude00 The thing is that there is kind of a lot of ads.. would you mind if you could remove it..? And add more balls and splashes...\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude0a Thankyou.. rating you a 5 star..! Just noticed some people saying they purchased th...Full Review", "it's good and relaxing but the only thing I would say is that sometimes it glitches and you have to restart the level. But that is the only thing. And I love how you can now customise your splats! My advice is that you take it slow and watch out. It is cool that there are green arrows that take you ...Full Review", "this game is AWESOME - what gives it 2 stars, u ask?? well frankly, there's WAYYYY TOO MANY DANG ADS !! I even clicked \"No Ads\" to go premium, and it NEVER goes to the screen where I actually pay for the premium. I'm so so sick of the full screen, LOUD, ANNOYING ADS!", "This game is actually very fun now that I got the update but the game glitched and I had already finished the level but my ball was just floating in mid air and I couldnt do anything about it, but exiting the game and it made me really upset because I had a very high score at the time and the score ...Full Review", "Helix Jump, is a verry good game and it takes away your stress. I think that yes the game is complecated but I eventuelly get through it. Your game is a verry good game and I hope that other people think the same. Thank you for your very good game producement. You guys should make more games like th...Full Review", "Why I am giving it only 4 stars is because it has ALOT of ads. There are adds everytime you pass a level. They are continuous and highly annoying. The gameplay is excellent and so are the graphics. The idea of the game is truely phenominal but sometimes the controls lag, so that's another reason why...Full Review", "I bought the ad removal but they are still there. There is no setting to complain and settings doesnt do anything. The purchase said no banner ads, I have banner ads. They won't refund me my money. Very dishonest people.", "Can the game not have ads every 2 rounds i play?it is very annoying and i dont really like this game ultimately. The reason why is because you have to watch an ad to have a second chance,there is an ad every 2 rounds you play,and when im not supposed to die, i die and when im supposed to die i dont....Full Review", "Very Simple and Fun Game This game is just easy. You just have to get the ball to the bottom WITHOUT touching those hazardous platforms. The controls are simple, too. Swiping is the only thing you have to do. There's a lot of levels in this game, so you'll be playing this game for a while. Anyway, i...Full Review", "A good game, I am on level 189 so it can't be too hard. Best to play on an iPad or tablet though as on a phone it gets quite glitchy. I haven't played this game in a while so when I played it again, it had the green arrows and I was puzzled. I do think it's a good upgrade, it makes the levels easier...Full Review", "I usually don't write reviews but there was a very noticeable bug so I thought I'd make a little warning. When you get a boost near the goal, your ball breaks through not only the normal layers but through the goal as well, creating a never ending drop towards nothing. This forces you to quit the ga...Full Review", "It's a really fun game. However in the newest update there is an item that allows you to blow through multiple layers. I had gotten up into the 1100 levels when I activated the item and it got rid of the last layer making me fall and unable to complete the level. When I deleted the game and redownlo...Full Review"], "Tiles Hop: EDM Rush!": ["i never thought i would review an app until now..... this app piss me off. I downloaded the music operation pound and ground by dragon force and i expected the title to move faster and be on the same pace as the music but no it did not. It was slow and boring. SLOW AND BORING. ok im done.", "I just wanna say, that this is officially the best music loving game I have ever played. But, I do think that you should put on some more songs, like Faded, By Alan Walker. I love that song! So does a lot of people I know. Otherwise, this game is perfect for music lovers!", "Controls are smooth and precise. But pretty much all the songs are royalty free trash we have heard in every YT video ever. You get the option to use you own songs but the platforms/map don't seem to change at all. And on top of that you need to be online to download new/unlocked songs.", "I like the concept of the game but there are way too many ads. Usually, I never mind the ads, but this is ridiculous. There's an ad OR TWO every round, and 75% of the time you have to wait at least 5 seconds. It takes the fun out of the game and replaces annoyance with it", "At First, I thought to myself that this game reminds me of my first gameplay on Piano Tile, But looks like a ripoff. so when i played this, It's actually pretty good! but! i would suggest you to keep it up a good work!", "This is legitimately awful. 1) Every EDM song in here sounds like it was made by a middle schooler in 2012 on the ClubPenguin music makers. It's all very low effort. And then every non-edm song sounds like background music for an advertisement. Speaking of advertisement, 2) Is the ads. This app is L...Full Review", "at first I was like\"oh, this is those song and jump games.\" til I realized that I can do my own song. just one slight problem. I picked one and it worked. so I wanted to do more but it says that it wouldn't work so I tried and tried again and it didn't work. please fix it. other than that love the s...Full Review", "Everthing is perfect about the game except the ads bro! i die once hey heres a five minute ad you cant skip when u die you also have the option to watch an ad to come back to life but if you dont want to oh hey heres a freaking 15 second ad wanna ulock a ball hey heres an ad that brings you all the ...Full Review", "This.game.is.AawSome! this game is fun and addictive. when i get bored i could play this game! i recommend this to others. And shout out to the Delvolpers (Sorry if i spelled it wrong) keep up the good Work! (also please add and Believer by imagine Dragons please thx) ^w^", "it is a great game however it lags too much and causes it to be almost unplayable. i have a lg6 a few months old so it isn't my part thats lagging", "this game has my interests peaked already... I don't forsee an app delwtion in the near future... well done.", "BOI I GOT AN AD DURING GAMEPLAY AND IT RUINED EVERTHING! would give five stars if there were no interuptions during gameplay.", "I loved it, but there was only one problem. In an ad I was shown for this game, the spog Faded by Alan Walker was involved, but in the game I saw none of the songs featured in the ad! So I only ask that you add more songs including songs involved in the ad.", "it's extremely fun and easy to play. after about 5 seconds into ads, you can make the X come up and get out of it, unless yiu are watching to get a reward, but it's a good game", "the gameplay can sometimes (rarely) get laggy and there is so many damn adds. the gameplay itself is good though", "It's a pretty fun game, but there's a lot of problems with it, and way too many ads. i shouldn't have to see an ad after every song, and I definitely am not paying to remove them. Sometimes, the bugs slow the game down and I fail on a song because of it. Many times I have to restart the game because...Full Review", "Way to many ads! Also, some of the ads (the anaime ones) are NOT for kids. If you want more people to use the app, make the ads for ALL ages please!", "this game is awesome! it's really simple but it's sooo fun! it's a great way to pass time and you don't need internet to play either. I like how the game gets harder when you progress more in a song. You can also play with your own downloaded songs and that's my favourite feature. if you dont like t...Full Review", "This is a very good game.The only thing about it is that it keeps gliching and it does stop every once and a while but you could live with it. The graphics are great, and it's very creative", "\"Hold and drag to control\" is a complete description of this game. Moreover 76 Mb taken by the game contain only 1 melody, go download everything else.", "This game is great! I really like it! the only thing I can think about this game is that it is a bit too easy. my favorite part of this game is the songs, my favorite song is unity by the fat rat", "game is good but damn ads are everywhere. every round ends up with an ad. making it really unplayable.", "This game was a lot more fun than I expected. The thing I thought was most amazing was that you can import your own music!", "Too many ad's. You have to replay the same levels for dimons which unlock new levels. It's really boring and a waste of time. DON'T INSTALL", "This game always shows up on the ads so i said \"i'll give it a try on it\" when i started to play i had so much fun, i can't wait to tell my friends.", "this game has a lot of good and cool things like all the music and it i really fun i think you should buy it and no im not a bot that said all this", "OH MY GOSH THE JAPANESE ADS ARE SOOO DISGUSTING I would rate five stars but the ads are horrible.", "That's a text when. 69 Tauscher and I have not gave up and went to get welder renter Galen adware sure ender dr cbc a adherence era sheesh", "Totally AWESOME....I have MS and this game helps me with my eye and hand coordination. It also helps to keep my brain busy. It makes me think and it helps me to think quickly as well. This game is the best thing EVER!!!!!", "It's good defunetly, but for sum reason my ads don't work. But that's all the problems I could find, so over all its good.", "It's a good game; but maybe DON'T make people watch an ad every time they click on something? Jesus.", "it's not bad but not good either , I'd rather play the worst game in the world then this. im disappointed \ud83d\ude20", "This app is horrible it is sooooo laggy and wagyy to manh ads it doesnt even let me play", "don't download this app first it will be good and nice graphics. later automatically the sound will not come . we have increased the sound also it won't come and we go to game settings the sound will be on . so don't download the game.", "i like it but too many ads. :'< im so disappointed", "So cool! i like how it gets faster and faster and i hope the price of play your own song gets lower", "i like unitythe fat rat v\"frfhssj all 6t 2 direct rout Giovanni Hatton", "I love how I can put my own music in and it keeps up with the beat!!! As a music producer, I really appreciate this!!! Awesome job!", "not usually a huge fan of mobile games, this one is pretty fun and not too ad'y", "Good Music And Its Cool Addictive Game Cant Sleep At Night XD"], "Modern Combat 5: eSports FPS": ["i like how instead of grinding for cash you earn the good stuff, and if you want something new, you can get battle packs with much ease. I have a less than ideal phone, so on my end, the graphics aren't premium, but it's likely just my phone, not you. a high quality game for no price. Thanks for mak...Full Review", "I'd rate this app 7 stars, every single moment on this app is awesome!!! From the graphics, the controls, the online multiplayer mode, everything is littttttt, this game makes me feel like a soldier \ud83d\ude02, this should be game for 2019, I love modern combat 5! Ion rate apps but I couldn't resist rating ...Full Review", "I'm having a great te with the game but recently it hang all of a sudden in between the multiplayer mode and dont crack back untill it get restarted. That's just annoying. 1st i thought might be cellphone is the issue but its on ax setting and damm smooth in other heavy gaming apps and no lag in tha...Full Review", "\"Modern Combat has to download additional multiplayer map data\". This message pops up every single time I try entering a multiplayer match. Same goes for my other phones. I have this wherever i connect: be it my stable home internet (5 GHz band Router), LTE connection, or the college's fibre wifi. K...Full Review", "Still playing as of 7-19-18 And lovin every min of it. It just keeps getting better and better with every update. Keep up the hard work guys. One of the best games out there at least I think it is keep up the great job guys. I may not be the best but I love playing this game.. Thank you...", "I actually love the game but now everytime i try to play multiplayer, \"Modern Combat has to download additional multiplayer map data\" always appear and it didn't show any progress at all. I also lost all of my progress and my name is suddenly changed by itself. Please fix this issues ASAP", "It's a pretty fun game. But calling it an esport might be pushing it alittle lol. The spawning is laughably frustrating, team matchmaker is actually pretty good. Needs a better way to communicate. And some new maps would be nice. Its getting there I hope the dev's keep improving the game!", "i think this is best fps on android. but i don't know why nowadays it keeps downloading files for about 350 Mbs. i use to play it on mobile data and it makes me kinda disappointed to wait for 300 to 500 Mbs of data to be downloaded everyday here and there. thats why giving 3 stars.. fix it asap and ...Full Review", "I've been playing this game since 2015. Favorite game ever since... It's 2019 now. Dropped my rate for this app for the annoying advertisements that you have to pay to TEMPORARILY disable. Every loading screen shows an ad, just exiting a game shows an ad. Still no offline mode and there's not a lot ...Full Review", "I would give it a 5* but every time i play the game it lags out and makes it less enjoyable for me to play. And sometimes when I try to join multiplayer it logs me out the game. And I still dont have battle royale. Everytime I get attacked the game lags. And it's not fair that just because a player ...Full Review", "do something about the hackers!! multiplayer matchups. they need to completely redo multiplayer so that you're not competing against users with maxed out weapons and maxed out armor. sometimes a multiplayer is completely unplayable when you're matched up against players that are of a higher level. I...Full Review", "Good game design everything is perfect but I still don't have the battle Royale why?? ... I'm using a Huawei Y9 2019 with android 8.1 . Plus my localisation is inaccurate. I've been really enjoying this game for over a year now don't give me a reason not to.", "Game play is alright as are the graphics, but holy hell fire the adverts, the adverts, they drive you nuts! \ud83d\ude35\ud83d\ude35\ud83d\ude35 uninstalled with much regret! I dont mind paying out some cash to play but sorry, you went FUBAR on this one! So much potential destroyed by commercial nonsense...", "for multi-player: game is all about who has better weapons. the one with strong weapons (which costs money) will play better. its not about ur skills, just money. Also the game crashes many times while playing. attle royale seems good and campaign missions is also better", "Gameloft should be shivering with embarrassment at this failure of a game and someone deserves to be fired because of it. Pay to win with ridiculously overpowered weapons? Tick. Pay to win with ridiculously invincible armour? Tick. Adverts shoved down your throat when you paid 5GBP for the game? Tic...Full Review", "damn those hackers, they kill u instantly and take no damage at all. Game is good but without hackers. I,ve stopped playing this game since 2 years and played pubg and now when i return to this game, whalla, i m the king. but f those hackers. U should add some live ingame voice chat and team creatio...Full Review", "match making is awful outtkng all high tier players onto one team against a all low tier team. aiming is horrible and neay impossible. store bought weapons ruin the game, in game weapons lack the damage and chance to compete. this making the gameplay all not enjoyable, would not recommend.", "The game keeps on crashing. Disconnecting me from multiplayer. Sometimes I watch ad but no rewards. U should level the game for beginners to understand the game. Sometimes u have started a new account and u play with players at level 140,with fully upgraded weapons, which is not fair and equal. Plea...Full Review", "Modern Combat 5 was amazing the best gameplay ever must kill bad player side way. Only one person to play longer want to go back home. New Update 24 Battle Royale is new.. \ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4d\u270c New Armor and more new.", "I used to give it 5 but now when I play team battle or any multiplayer game and when I watch ads it just closes me out and restarts and has to re download my profile. it is so annoying please fix this asap. and now i just used alot of credits to use guns and armor and it wont let me in the game to g...Full Review", "its good .. but this games cheat me cause when ive to shoot n enemy ive to shoot more then 30 -40 bullets n then when they shoot me it take only 1-3 shoot y isnt this is a cheating i dont like anymore to play. plz dont cheat its only a game play a fair game if its hardcore or elite soldier bullet is...Full Review", "You guys broke the game. Nowadays there is no fun in the game because of ads and that too you are forcing me to watch.... And you guys are so greedy even madfinger gaming company won't do do this not even netease. But you guys spoiled the game just because this game is nice... reconnecting error. No...Full Review", "amazing game but.... at the end the of a game the characters are blurred. this is only annoying when you come first, but your character is blurry. the game has really improved so that players can get pretty much anything if they put time in, even if they never spend money. best fps by far, and proba...Full Review", "the new update doesn't let me play the game. it keeps on freezing. it just shows me the battle area but There are no controls. this always happens in the middle of a match and it's very annoying. pls patch the game and remove this bug.", "its ok, good graphics,great gameply and controls but a huge one problem,im stuck at silver league because gamers gamers at very high levels and the best gun who belongs at platnium league are at silver leauge and i keep losing because of them. so if you restrict them from dropping league to win that...Full Review", "AFTER ALL OF THIS TIME I DIDN'T PLAY...NOW, WHEN I TRY TO PLAY AGAIN, STILL THERE ARE BUGS. NOW EVERYTIME I PLAY MULTIPLAYER, IT'S ALWAYS CLOSING BY ITSELF. DON'T TELL ME THAT I HAVE RUN OUT OF MEMORY, BECAUSE I HAVE 6GB OF RAM AND HAVE A LOT OF FREE RAM...BUT IT ALWAYS CLOSING BY ITSELF... WHY CAN'...Full Review", "in every update we expect tp see something better but unfortunately u,developers, just add some new colours and a weak armour and so on without considering that ur game is being destroyed day by day due to increasing the hacker inside it. It is a sham on u tp find in ur game more than 100000 players...Full Review", "I've no problem with this game, game play, graphics and everything is awesome... but please stop adds... mainly now a days that IPhone add is disturbing me too much ... that's making my screen fully black and can't do anything... and then i need to restart the game again... please do something ...", "This game is truly amazing! there are so many things to unlock, so many gamemodes, weapons, special items, etc. this game is basically COD for mobile! super good graphics and animations very nice. I would totally recomend! Great job Gameloft! -GlitchKing2002", "New Update Crashing Can't Play At All!!!!! Same multiplayer stage over and over gets really boring!!!! Huge Number Of Bugs - $$$$ ??? This Could be the greatest Game ! BUT you can't play multi-player well without upgrading, Big Money.. Can't play Prime Time, servers are full Big Disappointment after...Full Review", "There are still bugs in it.. Where we open our boxes manytimes showing the same things like empty slots. I am excited when installed but not..! So many bugs..", "i have never committed so much time for nothing. its one of the best games ive ever played and then bam it just kicked me out like i never existed my squad and everything. lost all progress. and have found zero issues with my note 9 phone. AAAAAHHHHHGGGG!!!!", "Gameplay and graphics is awesome. But still 1 star you know why? Because the balance of the game is way beyond. New player will be against with lvl150+ imagine lvl28 vs lvl150. That's a massacre! Even you buy equipment with real money still you will be against from much more higher tier player. So y...Full Review", "Used to like this game but now playing it is just not rewarding anymore as they made it really difficult to get credits. PUBG is my new favorite shooter.", "it is the only game in the world to beat you tube in ads. nice graphics and best gameplay but, too much ads and match making ranks are ridiculous. I am in lvl 5 bronze rank and I get to fight with players of gold rank with lvl 140. Developers if you guys are reading this then please fix this issue.", "Be careful while playing this game its too much addicted keep away from children above 14.game is awaome levels are little bit difficult.. I can proudly say that it is best fighting online game in world after pubg", "Best FPS on Android! Love that you can play with a controller. The only thing I have to complain about is the game needs more maps, new ones. Whether they are paid additional content or not, there needs to be bigger new maps. Keep up the great job on the game!", "I really like this game!! But everytime i go to aim at an enemy i end up gettinv killed because can't move nor move my aim onto to the enemy!! It is very very very slow in that area!! So please fix this nd i will be glad go give 5 stars!! Thanks in advance", "I've been playing MC5 since 2016. Used to be an enjoyable game. But recently, crashes has been more frequent. I'm seeing around 5 crashes in a hour of game play. Not a good experience in my opinion.", "I hate it so much! The game is so messed up now that they added those overpowered weapons like the \"verr power\". It truely just ruins the entire game and it pisses me off so bad!"], "LEGO\u00ae Creator Islands - Build, Play & Explore": ["Absolutely shocked, appalled and quite frankly disgusted. I dont know if anyone else has experienced what my 7yr old son has but on loading the game he was shown a flashing image of a man getting stabbed in the eye. This gqme has been removed and i have reported it to the video standards board that ...Full Review", "I would put a zero if I could. This is by far the worst LEGO game ever, and like always it's very boring and has poor graphics and gameplay. What is anything creative here? The fact that you get to choose what you build? It is so stupid on so many levels. I do not recommend this game.", "Well, it's a good game but I finished it in under 3 hours. Good game and \nrelatively stable but could be improved with more islands. EDITED: I have \njust looked through the comments and to be honest, LEGO\u00ae should not be \nshowing the advertisement I have read about (thanks for commenting it Mrs \nBret...Full Review", "When people say it is boring I can see why that is, there is no challenge to it and no goal. I get it is targeted at young children but some of them will probably be bored as well. What it does extremely well is that it shows you lego creator line in a very interesting way, you build the sets on isl...Full Review", "It is a great creative game for a 5 year old who likes to make their own world and it has dinosaurs that roar. This kept my granddaughter enthralled for nearly two hours and she cried when I told her time out. Clean and no adverts.", "Love all the Lego apps. They know Legos are awesome enough that playing with some digital versions is enough to promote buying the physical bricks. ~~~~ NO ADS - Just Fun! ~~~ Even the adults like this one. It's comparable to minions paradise but with all the waiting and advertising removed.", "Gd game reminds me of lego island for The ps1 if anyone remembers that game \nbut it. Gets boring after you run out of stuff to do.", "ABSOLUTELY TERRIBLE! You say customise, the game shows three options for set buildings. Try to put lego pieces back in their place? FAIL! It's basically made by an amatuer and a failiure.", "I did not like it at all. I never even got to play because it always said that the game had stopped. I had downloaded this game before and it was pretty fun and then i deleted it. Then i daw it again and got it but it really disappointed me.", "Terrible game not creative at all and random pink squares were on the screen and i was unable to get rid of them. 0 out of 5 stars", "I think it is very easy and fun But the dragon and girls who were just a bit late and you don't know what are these guys were going out with a friend to see what he says it's been awhile but not limited number to be there by now I'm in slug the same for all that stuff from this point to do some buil...Full Review", "I play lego i build lego and love this game and by the way reply and some bugs like black screen or glitches but this is a nice and good game for kids keep up the good work lego system A\\S and bam im back not even 30 minutes and i unlocked 3 islands LOL (Get it?) UPDATE now 4 island dude", "This is the second time I have tried the game. And it will only allow me to go to a few islands. Then the only thing I can do is collect bricks. This time there is not even an option to sign into my lego account.", "I think that it is an awesome game but if you could add some more \ndecor...it will be great and also if you could increase the game span in \nthe next update that would be great just saying... but so far it is AMAZING \nand I absolutely love it \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "It is like the best Lego game it is a very I don't know how long I am going to say very great game i saw a lot of good rewies and they were telling that it was a good game that's when I downloaded it and it turned out to be a good game it has five islands I don't know how to get the fifth one yet if...Full Review", "EVERYBODY WHO SAID *BORING* IS OBVIOUSLY NOT 7 OR UNDER. USING HASHTAGS? PLEASE, THIS GAME IS FOR 7 YEAR OLDS SO BEFORE YOU START COMPLAINING, PLEASE TELL ME WHY YOU'RE PLAYING?", "I really like Legos. The only problem with the game is that once you complete building the house and transportation, and even the animal, there's like nothing to do. Otherwise it's a good game. I really appreciate the concept, just if there was more to do on the game.", "Needs more lands needs more money fast more of every thing. Needs cooler stuff needs better music needs more animals/this century animals needs heroes and Lego Spiderman. Make the planes and automobiles go far and needs more people and jobs to do.", "I'm sorry but why does everyone compare every game that let's u build to \nMinecraft I mean sure games like this are fun but they are not like \nMinecraft Minecraft is a 3d multiplayer game that is all square blocks \nMinecraft is nothing even close to Legos so stop saying that (It's Similar \nto Minecr...Full Review", "I am in love . So cooooooooooooooollllllllllllllll. I have a look at the moment. If you are looking for a while. I will not sure if I can be a great deal of time. I have a look at the moment. If you are looking for a while &gggghgghhj\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude2c\ud83d\ude1f\ud83d\ude34\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude2e\u264f\u264c\u264a\ud83d\udebb\ud83d\udd30\ud83d\udc5f\ud83d\udcb7\ud83d\udcb8\ud83d\udc3c\u26ce\ud83d\udcaf\ud83d\udcaf\ud83d\udcae\ud83d\udd1d\ud83d\udd1b\ud83d\udd1c\ud83d\udd1a", "I liked it but the only problem was that at one point it stopped loading and I had to exit out. But when I did, all my progress was gone! I'm very upset about this \ud83d\ude2c", "A fun little building game. Great if you like Legos. Took me about 2 hours \nto play through all the missions. Everything can be finished for free, \nwhich is nice. Definitely worth the download.", "You should make that palm tree not to distract you while playing it just \ngoes slap bang in the middle so I can hardly play the game terrible", "This game made me delete all of my other games and still wouldn't let me redownload it  luckily I got my games back but that is really retarded to take up that much space especially being something 3 yearolds olay", "Hello, I really like the game , but I  struggle to pick up the coin block's because everytime I try to collect it  I activate something I dont want to. Please help, and keep up the  brilliant work.", "I think this game is really fun and is time consuming. It is good for your children as it could help them develop. It is. easy to get the hang of and it has a lot to it", "This is a game for kids and I am 13 so I shouldn't be saying anything nut I \njust disliked the game because of my age however if I was a 3 to 7 year old \nI bet I would like this game", "All thevpeople who hate it are adults its a kid game what do you expect im \n9 and i love it you idiots who hate your maybe 20 so back off and leave it \nalone", "Great idea but very frustrating as there seems to be no way to save progress and the game starts from the beginning again each new time you play.", "I'm 20 years old not a fan of lego but this i really really like. It would be fun if they add more islands in. But it really good", "Srry admin for uninstalling the game i've downloaded because this have this prob. The prob is when i quit the game, the game already restarts -_-. Would u like to fix the prob?", "This app is one of my son's favorites (age 3) I can't even do it and he is very good at it - love Duplo!", "I played my game and then save went back suddenly all my hard work gone \nstupI'd game recommandatory not to play", "Its cooooool even im 6 yrs old but who just say boring or any bad things Lego system A/S will be sad \ud83d\ude1e", "&#;^' YOU DUMBHEADS! I CANT EVEN PLAY IT BECAUSE IT KEEPS ON SAYING,\" Creator Islands has stopped. Please try again later.\"", "I need help I got to the island where the red dinosaur is but I can't see anything because I there is a bbq on blueprint on my screen pls help", "Downloaded it and all it does is crash. Cant even attempt to play.", "I think because i got loads of lego in my house my children has aswell and its fun because you  build and i love  going  exploring and thats it", "I enjoyed setting up each island but wish there was more to do as the game is now complete. All I did was collect coins and am going to delete the game.", "I love most of the Lego games but I have not got any space to build so I am getting bricks and can not do anything with them"], "Wood Block Puzzle": ["This game is fun. A lot different from Tetris. I like that you have more options in the way you can fill a line. They are horizontal and vertical. Took one star away because of the annoying ads that pop up.", "The game itself is fine, a relaxing puzzle game that focusses the mind and helps to clear cluttered thoughts. It is straightfoward to play and does not have any complex rules. The reason I have given it 1 star is that, despite my enjoyment of the game, the constant demand for a review is really anno...Full Review", "this is a great game but, the blocks keep loading in and in, so its really hard to play because you put the wrong block down when you didnt mean to. but other then that the game is really cool and relaxing", "Great game. Should have levels, as it takes too much time to get into more difficult puzzle", "It's been improved since the last time i played and it was a very good game then. Like tetris but it gives you time to consider your next move, so more strategy less stress.", "This game is so much fun. It really helps me relax. The only problem is once I start, I don't want to put it down.", "It literally asks for a rating every time you finish a level. So i gave it one. Also this is one of those games where you have to watch ads about THE EXACT GAME YOU ARE PLAYING AND HAVE ALREADY DOWNLOADED!!", "It's easily one of the most addictive games I've ever downloaded whimsically. When I first downloaded it, I had about 3 hours left in my work day. I started playing, and when I checked the time again I had 15 minutes left. It's that addictive.", "Like all games they want a review this one suxs ,the game doesn't like ones playing it just closed down and start again ones points goes back to zero,but it is a time killer that's all", "I like this game. I try to beat my previous score so I find it challenging. I always come back to this game. It's an easy app to put on your phone.", "Great game, gives you a new piece every time you use one so it's much easier than other apps to keep playing continuously.", "Why do I like it...i have Parkinson's disease and the hand eye coordination is enhanced and the necessary judgments are great for mental function strength.", "it's a great game but ads keep popping up so I don't know how much valid points I have !", "I would recommend the app to anyone out there. I play the game for hours and just can't stop. Love it!\u2764", "alot if fun. reminds me of old school tetris. just doesn't rotate. very addicting!!", "Love it game have a merry Christmasand a now new year four 2018/2019 hope you get more games thank. you", "amazing block puzzle, so relaxing and the background noise is really soothing too. the fact that there's no time limit, just a point system adds to the relaxing component as well, it's really good for my anxiety", "loads of fun. Haven't run across annoying ads.", "Though the game is good but there must be stages mare getting score is not enough and it's very hard and boring to start from level one again and again", "had a similar game on my old phone but it was multi colored and very bright. much prefer the neutral tones of this version. no issues and not too many ads.", "This has just what I love about these games. And ads are not bothersome or obnoxious like other games.", "E cellent but you might think you have just been on it for a couple of minutes but it is a tually hourx 5\u00d7 for me", "The game sucks. Lucky for them that I'm too busy to find another version.", "it could help u when u are in a tension mood bcz it is easy to play it is very useful to me bcz i am a angry person so i think whenever i am angry it makes my mind cool and it doesn't give tooo much adds", "This game is addictive I start playing and don't want to put it down", "It is nice and it lets you think before you do stuff some of this games are not nice", "I'M ADDICTED!! How I don't know. It's soooo simple!", "this is a great game it is a time taker and it helps me when i am angry", "Addicted. Fun when I have some free time or even while watching tv.", "Since a found this game i haven't stop playing .", "this is the best game I have in my phone thank you for making this game love it sooooooooo much \ud83d\ude0d\ud83c\udf37", "Fun and almost hypnotizing. Relaxing too. My new fav app!", "its simple and great, no annoying ads. such a great job. really, thank you!", "It is fun but I wish you could move the peices up down exc exc. ( Like Tetris)", "Best Block game out there!! as you use a block you get a replacement so gives you more options than other games - so you can really play forever.", "I'm addicted! I can't quit playing it!", "second time I've installed this game.Not as easy as you might think.Great for an old timer.", "I can't help but give this Game 5 stars even though, Its basic & bland looking, & there's wayyyy too many pop ups when your trying to restart the game, & you really can't get that far in the game, you cant flip the block pieces, If you guys could do that, That would be amazing, it's totally addictin...Full Review", "Soooo very addictive. The most comfortable among similar apps. My highscore is 114310.", "just a great game, smile to play and yet you just want to keep on playing just to see if you can better your score."], "Real Cake Maker 3D - Bake, Design & Decorate": ["This game is good. I like it but every products is locke that's why it is not interesting and some time because of this game my phone get hang. But the choreography of this game is very good and the design for cake is also good. This game did very well and hard work to achieve the success. One of th...Full Review", "Real cake maker is really a very great game especially for young children and I'm as elder but I'm love in it and I play it regularly and I think everyone should be willing to play this game it really a good game But a little problem is that some levels which are locked should not be,they should be ...Full Review", "I like this game very much and I in fact love it. But I think I should \ndelete it because I have two problems.It's my favourite game. But please \nmake it a bit faster that we finish the level on time and it doesn't takes \nlong to play. And in this game,my favourite part is the big park,and the \none ...Full Review", "It's A very nice game but I need to pay money for full version.I like the Princess cake.I and my friend always were in competition with each other that will design the best.I like that game intact I love that game but the worst thing is I don't wanna pay money for the full version.\ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude11", "I love it soooooo much but you can make more attractive than this After 5 days it becomes boring And also it is v. good \ufeff\ud83d\ude0d I like it", "I didn't like that some level are locked and my favourite level is to make wedding cake but It is also lock but this game is so interesting and I love\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude3b this game", "I love all the games,but i really love to cook so, i play all the cooking games like to make ice cream,to make juice,to make cake or any thing else of cooking skills. Thanks to the operator of this game.", "Thats a good game . I liked it but what if I make all type of cakes and most of them are locked . I am bored of making same type of cakes again and again...", "Awesome game people kindly down load this game do not listen to the bad comments anyway they do not know any proper english they just talk any rubbish thank you awesome game\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude42\ud83d\ude42\ud83d\ude42\ud83d\ude42\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83e\udd17\ud83e\udd17\ud83e\udd17\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29\ud83d\ude1c\ud83d\ude1c\ud83d\ude1c\ud83e\udd5c\ud83e\udd5d\u26f3\ud83e\udd4b\ud83c\udfdc\ud83c\udfe5\ud83c\udf4f\ud83c\udf49\ud83c\udf4f\ud83c\udf46\ud83c\udf51\ud83e\udd5d\ud83e\udd54\ud83c\udf4f\ud83e\udd54\ud83e\udd51\ud83c\udf46\ud83c\udf50\ud83e\udd55\ud83c\udf0f\ud83c\udf0f\ud83c\udf0f\ud83c\udf0e\ud83c\udf0d\ud83c\udfb7\ud83c\udfa4\ud83c\udfb5\ud83c\udfb6", "I like this game because we didn't get bored also and there are many things to do in this game . I love this game very much.I like to make the cake and shared the cake to my cartoons those who come to take.", "I like this game but I don't know why the locked items are not unlocking if the increase levels the game will be very nice \ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a", "this game is very interesting game because we make a beautiful cake and very few products are given to decorate the cake but when the voting time comes that makes the games interesting to play but you can improve your graphics as well as gameplay.", "I like this game very much but why we can't make wedding cake so,please \nimprove it", "Is a little bit fun but I don't still like the because they can't allow me to do the baking for my self and it is as if it is the first time I was playing.", "This game is really fun it's definitely my favorite and I don't think that you should waste your time trying to find other ones", "I like the game but it always ask money to unlock a new feature or item .....all peoples are not workers nd the workers doesnt earn money to waste for a game very dissappointed instead of money it also can ask stars that can be earn through the game plz stop asking money for new features or items pl...Full Review", "I love cake but when something just you know that when you have watch an add for some reason I doesn't work. I'm not proud.but I do like the game.", "The worst game I've ever played my suggestion to you guys is plz don't download this game it's a waste of time I am very disappointed from this game \ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21", "Theo's new album you Sirius black or a lot more neutrons6 is Rishit I 82H5THE email thanks for the snake is very Dangerous to the snake is very Dangerous to the snake is very Dangerous to the snake is very Dangerous to the snake is very Dangerous to the snake is very Dangerous to your8th off and the...Full Review", "I asked for the book on step by step guide on how to make cakes, and was going fine till you interrupted it with other adds, now i can't get the program to continue!!!", "I love the cake very much the doll cake is my favorite but open the things which are locked don't download this game", "I think it's is a very good game for child because children known about that how to make a cake in real life to make a cake ... So I like this ... Thank you so much", "This game is very fun...My favourite part is the last part when they announce the winner...This game also alows us to get creative.I love this game!It is \ud83d\udcaf fun!!\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude1b\ud83d\ude06\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude01", "Stupidity it asked me to pay 575 rupees for this rubish almost everything \nis locked please do not download it please", "It's a good game. I loooooooove the graphics and the characters are sooooo \ncute. The game is a great time killer. Keep up the good work!!! \ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4c", "The game is very good for kids and it's very amazing and interesting but my problem is that you should keep the full version free", "This game is very very veryyyyyyyyy superb . I don't have words to say how this game but I will loved it soooooooooo much", "good but should even more better and interesting. I like it very but more products and shopping store is locke that's why this. is toooooo boring", "Amazing and fantastic game. I will get every time first prize in the competitions.\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18\u2764\ud83d\udc99\ud83d\udc9a\ud83d\udc9b\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc9d\ud83d\udc9e\ud83d\udc9f", "Super game of the season. But I feel that you can remove some locks. And I'm not sure if you're looking for it.", "I LOVED THIS GAME VERY MUCH I LIKED IT SO MUCH AND IT IS A LOT OF FUN \ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0e RIDDHI \ud83d\ude07\ud83d\udc69\u200d\ud83d\udc78\ud83d\udc6f", "nice game but smoothi or princess wale cake nhi open hote hai plz usse open kariye tab to game bohot hi jyada acha hai", "Hmmm I like this game I enjoy but in this game I don't want aads so many aads but funny enjoy not boring trust me", "If we press back it goes away waste game I hate it I give this egg 0000000\u2606", "Always ask to upgrade and most are lock and gave money than open it very \nbad game", "Ads after every major move. Pretty irritating for younger kids. Other than that, it's a fine time waster.", "Too much adds and almost everything is locked. Just a little too slow\ud83d\udc22\ud83d\udc0c\ud83d\ude15", "This game id really cool. But I can't make the juice because I have to buy that ,but I can't do that!!", "I want to is to please every thing is locked in this please unlock them and for ather don't download this game", "good until an ad showed two girls kissing. please remove inappropriate ads from kid's games."], "Shadow Fight 3": ["Needs a feature to re-watch and save your fights! Incredible 1 on 1 fighter game, ESPECIALLY for free and on mobile! The hitboxes can be incredibly satisfying when you've learned the range and positioning of each move. A very worthy follow up to Shadow Fight 2, lots of fun.", "The game is excellent, I'm a long time fan of the series. With the last update there have been a few glitches. (1)The animation for a lot if not all ranged weapons is messed up. (2) Sometimes I send enemies flying way off the screen into the atmosphere, super funny and cool, but sure it's not suppos...Full Review", "The story is accelerating and the game is fun. The controls are great and easy to use and the rewards are fair. The only thing that made me upset about this game was the PVP. You have the option to duel once you reach a certain point in the game, but when you duel it's not real time PVP. You're faci...Full Review", "This is very interesting game to play.Online duel are awesome.I want to improve my skills and this game giving a chance to go on.Really,this is very nice game.The graphics of this game is fab... But there are two bugs to be fixed: 1.I want equall opponent in duel battle not less or not higher. 2.Fro...Full Review", "The game is great. Lots of fun. Cool weapons and gears. The only downside is after we've completed a chapter, the stages in that chapter is never to be seen again. They're gone. The game size is bigger than 1gb but we are stuck playing only stages in a new chapter. If all stages from all chapters is...Full Review", "THE NO.1 GAME :\"SHADOW FIGHT 3\": NEKKI u r great, your game is amazing and awesome from its chapters to graphics and to gameplay just awesome. Well I was upset because of your update in which u chang the behaviour of AI but now I'm greatfull of having such an incredible game. Well there is some few ...Full Review", "Well, so different from the 2. Expected a crowd fight, but it's OK. Just not down with the loading from server every now and then -- it makes the game somewhat dull because the internet is not always steady. And if the game didn't have the stage fight look it would have just been perfect -- if Shado...Full Review", "you game is really ridiculous, the mechanics are really below 1 in term of rating, you will obviously find a way to block this comment so that other won't know how unenjoyable frustrating your game, am really disappointed in nekki, i know making money is key, but to do this to your customer or fans ...Full Review", "so much potential.. yet this game has so many bugs. first the monetization is a real greedy one. this is tied to unfair ai \"skills\" in fights. They can block faster, attack you while you are mid combo hitting them. stuff like that are either bugs or plain cheating ways to get you to pay in order to ...Full Review", "This game cheats and has far too many glitches. on story mode the cpu can block instantly after performing a cumbo attack but you cant. in fact its like the game lets the opponent get a cumbo or two in before you can began to block attacks. another thing is when the game doesnt want you to win the g...Full Review", "This game is the best. Good graphics,good and simple controls,constant events,challenging AI,creative weapons,good storyline and more. But the only thing that can be improved is the difficulty of boss battles,everytime when I finish the small battles,there will be a boss fight,but its basically pay ...Full Review", "I like the game but there is somuch crashes during the game which is annoying. I tried reinstall it many times, still there is no solution. please fix this or I stop playing. I've been a loyal player to you since SF2 and YES I have purchased a lot of items using REAL Money!", "why the hell does snatcher in main quest in chapter 6 \"second arrow\" reduce our health so fast? he blocks everything and reduces our health to nothing in two combos while we have to do 2000 to freaking hurt him. why the hell us it such bloody nonsense? I have been stuck on it for over a month now. r...Full Review", "This game sucks after reaching level 5. Even if you win insane and impossible levels still you won't get the right cards for new wepons or to upgrade your weapon. I spent quite a money in the store and still no use.", "horrible system of duels. you can easily meet -500 and +1000 at the duel rating. controls are horrible. i want to jump and kick and stupid character just kicks. stupid combo on many weapons. no way to do full combo because enemy will just fly to opposite corner of the map. feel angry and disappointe...Full Review", "Loved the graphics.. Hate that it needs a server connection all the time.. Now after the latest update it needs access to server, but it keeps timing out... And it never let's me play the game.. Totally useless keeping the game installed anymore.. I'd prefer giving 0 stars for such bad client server...Full Review", "Disgusted. Huge bugs and issues with SF3, can't even get up due to AI being able to detect my moves. My health will rapidly go down, even though i had maxed armour. I also think Duels are imbalanced, as in, it will pair me up with someone 100-200 power more than me. I think the developers are blatan...Full Review", "The game lags! Force closes! The game is turning into a premium from a freemiun! Feels like you have to buy stuff to upgrade the player and not win challenges.The game has great graphics but has bugs too that bring the game down.The only game that gets worse after every update would be this! The con...Full Review", "When I going to fight in duel , quests or events it crashes and I got loss .Your team is just concentrate on new chapters, new events and new updates not on players and on there complaints and problems. I never have been play worst game like that. How could I enjoy this game if its crashes frequentl...Full Review", "Who really dumb call this game is fun... Seriously pay to win, everytime everyboss is money, no money no weapon even win impossible stage still get a rubish, for what just give me a dumb thing we dont need... Opponents just hits you one time only 5% of hp down like a waters for you 8time hit opponen...Full Review", "Changed my rating was a 4 star, now a 1. I played this game previously on my last device. Made a few inapp purchases. And I had to reset my phone and it didn't let me log in to my account and I made a new character. Around the time I got to the first boss my original account popped up, asked me a lo...Full Review", "The latest update's UI is good. But really need to work on the video reward system. There is a glitch in the reward system after seeing the whole video, when we close it then it starts buffering (the app doesn't responds), it gets hanged and even pressing the back button, do not solve the problem. T...Full Review", "worst thing is you have purchase equipment to be good player which is absurd in many sense, they compell you to fight 200-300 point higher point holder to embarrass your low ability and achievements so that you go and purchase their weapons. online player are not real player they have bots which hav...Full Review", "Pay to win. The game itself is great, the controls are simple, fights are fun and challenging, and the graphics are top notch for a mobile game. The problem is that the in game purchases are ridiculous. Who in their right mind would ever drop $120 for gems? Especially when the equiment you'll get fr...Full Review", "i am stuck on level 4. i played it for many days yet my level didnt goes up. not even a lil bit. i get many level 5 and 6 weapons and armour. but could not equip them cus am at 4 lvl. i dont know what else to try to fix it. do u kno any effective ways besides deleting it and install again?", "Great work from developer team, most would agree upon the excellent graphics and simple handheld controls (usually controls is very technical for fighting games). The part I love the most is detailed physics on weapons plus free upgrades and battle suit from different factions are just a great way t...Full Review", "I keep getting fatal errors during the load. Then when the game finally runs, it crashes after the first match. It's a good game, but there always seems to be problem that makes it unplayable. Update: If you don't open the bonus cards, you can play 1 or 2 extra duels before the game crashes Update 2...Full Review", "Hey Nekki! Just wanna say Gr8 game awesome graphics but 4 stars because 1. Duel matchmaking is exactly like \ud83e\udd2e 2. Y U NO RELEASE EVENTS FASTER Also this game makes me feel like playing Shadow Fight 2 again!", "Changing my review to 1 star until they fix the bonus card glitch I've been getting the past month. Watch a video for the bonus card and after the video it just spins like it trying to load. After its fixed I'll gladly change back to 5 stars.", "good game with amazing graphics. music is the best. on screen control sucks. so i play with xbox one controller connected. even then, there is lag in movement command getting translated in game. Not to mention that the game is rigged so that you have to keep spending money if you want to progress", "I have gotten the fatal errors before and lost my data. The first time, I wasn't really ahead in the game but the second time, I was on the Shadow Mind fight. I open the gane, fatal error, SENDS ME BACK TO THE BEGINNING. I've deleted this game and I will most likely not play agin", "The game difficulty takes a sudden rise after the first \"boss\", going from easy to impossible/insane. After that, your skill doesn't matter, but the equipment you have. In order to get better equipment, you need to level up, and, in order to level up, you need to beat the impossible enemies from the...Full Review", "All in all the game is good (could be better) such as very high chance of crashing and losing and the match or purchase you were doing. The hitbox is wack especially when dashing to the side and the weapons are retardedly op in pvp (Not good). Despite this, the game was enjoyable. Nice graphics and ...Full Review", "this game is suck. it had many bugs the cpu can block all my atack but i can't. the cpu in this game is insane and imposible to beat. and you must buy the chest to get beter equipment to beat the enemy. THIS IS PAY TO WIN GAME!", "This game looks interesting at first. But after hero level no progress. Duel represents 1200-1600pts more powerful opponents, such as mine is 12150 and duel opponent's is 13523! This part is so much boring. No progress since 9 months. rating shows 3400 to 3600. Overall its an average.", "very good graphics excellent controls and last of all good weapons. I'm telling everyone at least try the game its my first time playing it for an while after my phone broke its awesome please, please play the have an nice day.\u263a", "the balance between faction styes is completely lost now, AI just shifts and throw spams. Fall takes sl long to recover,AI can just spam criticals a day which is annoying against heralds. Dynasty was good but weak against heralds now due to fall recovery taking too long. Any herald weapon beside kat...Full Review", "Upto a certain point it is fun, that is until your equipment is upto par with opponents. After that it is just impossible to win. With just 4-5 hits you lose and it would 10-20 good hits to win a single round. And dont forget about the shadow energy once the opponents use that your full health vanis...Full Review", "This game was so fun and amazing!- While it lasted. I left the game and opened it again only to be told that my data had not be found and I had to restart. I was fine with that since I hadn't gotten that far, but now it doesn't even let me enter the game! It says there was a network error and I can'...Full Review", "what the hell... good game fun to play put seriously wth. i painstakingly played for 10days doing the winter acension getting 6 tickets thinking it would enter me for lotts or something...but no they're tickets to allow me to painstakingly play more matches to 'possibly' win gear at the end of the 8...Full Review"], "Flip Range": ["A glitch happened. In the first level, if you stand at the 4th platform, on your feet, facing towards the horizontal bar, and doing a frontflip, if you hold the flip button down until you automatically jump, you'll bounce off the ground backwards and if you do nothing, fall off the stage and into th...Full Review", "actually a really good game, i would like to see more levels. the amount of flips you can do is insane. \u043a\u0430\u0440\u043e\u0447\u0435 \u043c\u043d\u0435 \u043d\u0440\u0430\u0432\u0438\u0442\u0441\u044f", "your best work thus far. game is sadly short. I'd love to see this combined with the movement mechanic of your other game but keep these flip controls", "good graphics, good gameplay, good concept, good features.....but you have to wait so much to collect coins for the other stages... ridiculous, that's why 4 stars. fix it", "Really fun game, I like it a lot. The physics are also very good. I find myself to kill more time in this game.", "Such a good game i mean such a hood game but WHY DO YOU HATE ME WHY DO YOU PUT SO MANY ADS ITS DO ANNOYING TURB UT DOWN A NOTCH AND I WILL GIVE YOU 5 STARS!!", "it doesn't let me play the game because every time i try to play it it brings me back to the home screen", "I just hate that if you fail a flip you get teleported to the very first flip that you need to do", "If we have failed 1 level again it will come to first", "not a hurricane of ads like other games enough so you dont get super annoyed and a good game is enjoyable and nkt annoying", "Fillup with ads you play 60 sec and 30 sec video ads pupup showing disgusting app", "What I Want: 1: No cooldown on the coin ads 2: Make the coin ads At least 5 sec 3: When u drag off of the thing u selected make it not selected. Plz get back to me on this idea/topic thx.", "I like it but it needs more levels and other cool stuff but in all its a good game.", "Too much ad spoil the mood of playing game.", "nice game but took all my phone storage and I had to delete 2 games", "very good game but our progress is not saved in levels which means if you have crossed 5 sub levels of a level and you failed in one flip, you have to start again. thats is why i gave it 3 stars.", "The game is so touchy, it doesnt respons when you touch the controls", "wow its a really good game it would be awesome if you add more and more levels", "not that good all you do is flip and you can't save your progress you have to get 200 coins in one game that is almost impossible to do it.", "Great game woth great controls. It's a pretty cool little challenge", "most stupid game on earth! you can't even play", "Cool mechanics but having mostly unskippable ads pop after three falls is atrocious.", "I've killed that guy so many times", "Absolutely brilliant game Please make A Trampoline game with codys and kabooms please it would be amazing", "Too much ads.. Makes it not worth playing", "Pointless game. Absolute waste of time. Uninstalled!", "the game has the worst flip styles ever", "its a fun game but there are so mutch ads every time i fail there is a ad", "don't even waste your time with this adds is forced on your phone and its not even worth calling a game", "this game makes me want to die", "If u download it u will regret it is a wast of 56mb", "this game is boring i don,t much level", "awful the way he flips", "worst game ever wastage of mobile data", "it is good but need a little touch again", "shiitiest app known to man kind. dont waste your time.", "worst game ever played", "if u don't like this game your stupid", "best game ever i hade played", "too many long adds"], "Jigsaw Puzzle": ["thought i had found a good relaxing jigsaw puzzle game. might have been if i could have played it. chose a puzzle. Ad poped up i click X not interested. ( removed by google ) poped up bottom middle of screen no way to remove it, to play puzzle. when did get it off , Ad after Ad get back to game the ...Full Review", "if you want to come over and play with me and I will be there at the same time and place and I'll be there in the morning to see if you can get a good night's sleep and I will talk to you later I love you too baby girl and I you my love and I will be there at the same time as the other one is a litt...Full Review", "really fun app! I like how it times you so you know how long it took you and I like how you can get stars and you can change how many pieces you will get for the puzzle up to 100 pieces! :)", "hate this game . I thought that I would enjoy this game. But I was wrong. l wish all uninstall this game", "worst app only showing adds its not a game its a add showing app wast of time to instaling this stupid app", "cant see the full puzzle, due to poorly placed ads", "it is so so so so vast game in the world and boring game no fun game i not like it \ud83d\ude23\ud83d\ude23\ud83d\ude25\ud83d\ude25\ud83d\ude34\ud83d\ude34\ud83d\ude2b\ud83d\ude2b so boooooooring game \ud83d\ude2b\ud83d\ude2b\ud83d\ude2b\ud83d\ude2b\ud83d\ude2b", "good.but very confused this game to order the puzzles. nice\ud83d\ude0b", "This is very super game but very bad game", "its brain game and if you want to say I have mind", "this is verry good app I like it \ud83d\udc4c", "good but its by net game or not", "Too many ads. You've to control it.", "TO MANY ADS! I CAN'T PLAY", "To much sick", "more puzzles PLEASE that was very fun", "Boring game\ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude21", "too much adds", "It's good.", "excellent..\ud83d\ude19\ud83d\ude4a\ud83d\ude4a\ud83d\ude1a", "i would give It 5stars if it had custom Or if u can pick from the gallery", "good job i love it", "sire di fuddu game", "To many ads", "I not like this", "Too many ads", "thanks for this game", "kya bat hein...", "I love it.", "this is very goodgame", "super game", "too many adds", "Fuddu a game", "very nice \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "i like it", "ffyt", "it is interesting game", "Nice \ud83d\udc4d \ud83d\udc4d Supar duper hit app", "jijm", "it is a Great game"], "Subway Princess Runner": ["It's not bad.. but it's kind of annoying. You need to improve this game. uninstalling", "What I think is that based on looking at the pictures it looks so cool and cute.\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude19\ud83d\ude0b", "Nice one bro good game", "sunt cel mai bun", "i like subway surfing", "Lovely game", "I love this game very much.", "free", "exlent", "i think it's a better game", "I love this game", "\ud83d\udca9\ud83d\udca9\ud83d\udca9\ud83d\udca9\ud83d\udca9", "Very fancy", "cool and lovely", "good game", "nice", "good", "nice", "nice", "\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\u263a\ufe0f\u263a\ufe0f\u263a\ufe0f\u263a\ufe0f\u263a\ufe0f\u263a\ufe0f\u263a\ufe0f\u263a\ufe0f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f", "Ishant is Kumar and I am not am not able and for the most part I have to go to a bank that and I will be in a touch of a good relationship with time and to be able and not just be be a good friend and a not so special and very generous important to to me me and as such I a friend good to friends and...Full Review", "worst application. please dont download ot is vaste of your data.it is not supported in many mobiles.", "It is not too bad but you can say it can be improved so i am giving you 4 stars it is not too additictive it is needed to be more addictive ok i trust you improve it a bit", "dislikeabl ul be in cort thx game is dredful i would rather kiss the ugliest girl in my skool insted of playing this game i say stolen this game its not a game its nightmare thanks", "i will try but not sure if goodbecause i read the views and not many people are giving good views", "best game ever i will give 5\u2b50\u2b50\u2b50\u2b50\u2b50.I would really like to give 5 \ud83c\udf1f .This game is more interesting that i think. (surbey surfer boys game se v acah game h ye surbey surfer princess....).....\ud83c\udf86\ud83c\udf87\ud83c\udf87\ud83c\udf86\ud83c\udf87\ud83c\udf87\ud83c\udf87\ud83c\udf86\ud83c\udf89\ud83c\udf89\ud83c\udf89\ud83c\udf89\ud83c\udf89\ud83c\udf8a\ud83c\udf8a\ud83c\udf8a\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0d", "It is stupid don't get this unless you are a 6 year old.", "oke...I going try this game if game make me I'm be angry...hhhm I will delete this game..", "not very nice plz don't make these type of games we want a nice game next time make a good nice great wonderful game don't make these boring games", "very bad game I hate subway princess runner it waste my data\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude08\ud83d\ude08\ud83d\ude08", "love it n its so fun to play but i hate 1 thing that is when the police guy cames at my back", "I love this game very much, but the controlling is to improve and too ad's", "Subway surf is far better than this game and a copy of subway surfers game.", "aku suka sama game ini tapi dia kadang suka aneh .jadi aku kasih bintang empat aja ya\ud83d\ude0a\ud83e\udd17\ud83e\udd17\ud83e\udd17", "whenever Iam board like to play Your game it is cool", "amaaazing it has its own features better than the regular subway surfers", "i have installed it now but i dont is this boring or nor i thing it will be better ...\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "it is my favorite game & very stupid game also", "it's a very very good game with amazing it's all it's a very very game is good game and it's very very cool or it's have a game like Subway Surfers but it has a princess games Subway Princess games and it's amazing and very very cool and it's amazing very very cool game", "The best game ever played in my life"], "Sonic Forces": ["Love this game, The only down side in my opinion is the fact that when you reach the max level of an character I expected something cool, like MAX LEVEL, or a gold border or something. No instead the card counter just keeps the same boring purple colour and it keeps counting up. Thats just a real bu...Full Review", "30 second ads too much. See if the developers can go without this annoyance. No body got time for 30 second ads you con people into pressing the PLAY button that is placed at the same place to play ADS button on another page with same colours. . Smh. You guys are ridiculous lol", "There is a mind numbing amount of ads. I feel like I spend 50% if not more of my time watching unskippable 30-second-a-pop ads. The worst is when they show the same ad 20 times in a row. Gameplay is fun if you can get a good connection. The matchmaking is broken. Expect to either be a way higher or ...Full Review", "it is extremely difficult to enjoy a game that freezes every single time in the middle of a run. i am running on a 10mbs line so it cannot be internet connectivity. someone needs to sorted this out for people to enjoy the game more", "fun, easy to play, addicting, most of the ads are optional, and when you do choose to watch them you get rewards! my only complaints are 1. WHERE IS INFINITE!? If this is a Sonic Forces spin off shouldn't he be a playable character!? 2. I wish each stage had it's own unique music theme rather then j...Full Review", "There's no other way to describe it. This game is truly one of the bests out there. Great time passer, actual fun, and just really great overall. Look forward to new updates and characters", "i love the game becouse its leting me have every thing most importantly i love sonic games and i like this franchise I want this game just like it that's all I just called I like the game too much because I like this friend shows and I really like Sonic the Hedgehog he I used to play his games when ...Full Review", "By far my favorite Sonic game. It just needs Chaos emeralds, supersonic and hyper sonic unlockable transformations. Other than that it's perfect I love it", "i love the game love the concept but the lag is horrible. i got my rank up to 1000 and with no problems, but now theres extreme lag in every match. everytime i hit something or get hit by something. please fix this issue.", "O.K. So far, I love this game, and believe it has quite a bit of potential, BUT I'm a bit surprised that this game has been out for a little more then a year now and it seems to constantly have bug issues at least in my experience, DESPITE ME EVEN LOWERING THE GRAPHICS QUALITY, and my phone may not ...Full Review", "good gameplay but too many ads. please sega stop these ads. its annoying af.", "i had no idea how much I missed playing sonic games as a kid till I downloaded this app and now not only do I got a GBA again it's on my phone too radical \ud83d\ude01", "THIS GAME is JUST AWESOME!!! I love this game, it's so FUN!! But when you play for a while there is a moment when you cannot open more chests by winning for the day, i have no problem with that, but this game never bores me, first of all i don't want to advanced too much without getting upgrades etc...Full Review", "Can Sliver Be on the front of the Game please cause Sliver isn't Getting any support or recognition and Can also put Sliver in the Super Rare Category Please Because He really he isn't in the Sonic shows and it's not fair", "20-30sec ads after each race is add overload. On more then one occasion, couldnt find opponent to do race. The biggest issue remains the adds. Uninstalled after few races", "game is good would be better if events timer wasn't 4 hours until you can try another task and the event card counts atlre too low I know its for rare characters but some people don't stand a chance in getting them unless you pay ( red rings).", "It's an overall good Game except two problems. Why isn't infinite in the game and it would also make sense to allow the players to make a custom character wouldn't it?", "Very fun game and you don't have to hold your cell sideways to play.", "its a fun time passer. Wish there Was more to it than just versing other online players. Like individual customisable costumes, being able to comment other players after the match, add friends and possible a few other types of matches other than races", "I'm obsessed with this game, I've already spent 23 dollars on it though \ud83d\ude02. You have to wait forever for the gold chests and stuff so I bought a ton of rings.", "I've been a fan of Sonic series also video games for decades since I was a kid, I love this game!", "Its a really fun action packed fast game and it doesn't have ads this is a good game", "great game I just cant say a thing about it , it is that good", "idiots u cheated us is it everything that need internet connetion when i put it tells me to restart", "great nostalgia...my fav sonic game was sonic heroes....bt fix the ads !!!!", "The gameplay is fun. However there are constant disconnects, and adds", "The worst thing I played this game is that the game keeps kicking me out of the game while I was playing", "This game is pretty good but i honestly hate how you have to have to watch ads. Apart from ads its still a good game.", "Fun, fast-paced game. Challenging races but easy gameplay.", "amazing but would be better if there were more characters and more things to spend coins on like characters to buy or moves to buy, etc", "good game, graphics and connection is good with great characters", "lots of new challenges and races that add up when you keep at it. Addictive yet soothing to the real gamer in you.", "The Game is pretty good but theres a bug in game when I join a game and every 12 seconds it will crash for me. can you fix this bug?", "awesome game and graphics. will contribute to this game for sure", "this game is not cool the graphics are bad and dont rate this game.lllllmmmmaaaaoooo", "It's just like Sonic Dash but its multiplayer now I have Classic Sonic thanks to luck on the Gold Box", "Very addictive, found myself logging in a lot. Very fun game try it out.", "its sonic racing pure and simple...well done, in the classic gameplay style(bonus round) must try^_^", "Great game I find myself coming back to play often.", "if you liked the console game, you'll love this one"], "DWG Slot": [], "Racing in Car 2": ["This game is bugged in my phone, I can't turn left and right, and I can't hear the music or sound effect of this game. Well the graphic is nice. Please fix this. Thanks!", "Incredibly boring gameplay with absolutely no objective. I got bored within minutes after realising that there's nothing to do. No improvements on the first version. Why not add a chase element or even timed checkpoints... anything even?!", "This game is very goood and interesting. I am even addicted to this game. I just hope there will be left and right curves for us to go and the weather should be day and night. I also wish they will add filling stations and more cars", "no horn, need camera view on rght side,need more carrier and points system might be differrent. if all this fell in place. this becomes more addictive addictice gme. But.graphics is very goog and my stars is for good and smooth graphics", "it was really bad you coulnt move around or go fast. you couldnt go around people you just stayed in the same spot and just went in a straight line", "Hey guys those who are reading this comment , I want to say only one thing is that the Game is amazing and its graphics is cool and those who are searching for highway driving this is the game made for u.. I really appreciate the makers of the game .. There are many other games with high graphics an...Full Review", "This game is not worth it. It soooooooooooo laggy. The graphics is not \ngood. You just got to move the steering wheel, that is it. Don't install \nthis game. Don't waste your time on this game. And it wasted my time \nwaiting. Sorry if I was a bit angry.", "Great driving simulation, but would be so much better if it wasn't just a straight road, needs turnings and junctions. Also the steering is shaky on my phone, I've never had problems with any other games.", "You guys did a good job but still you should add the options of the steering whell or the arrow button. And you should add other features like turnin on headlights or side arrows and please add more cars night modes and fix the buying thing with the last car and the last stage", "BORING!!!! Just uninstalled it. All you do is overtake other vehicles and get the odd 10 points for passing certain cars not sure how the points system works on it!!!! Boring driving in a straight line constantly it needs corners etc and more excitement.", "GOOD BUT SOME CAR AND PLACES ARE THERE WHICH WE HAVE TO BUY BY DOLLAR. SO I \nTHINK IF THAT THINGS CAN BUY BY THE MONEY OF THE GAME.", "B.O.R.I.N.G, you don't even race anyone and all you do is drive and drive, \nI mean WTH IS THE POINT OF THIS FREAKING GAME??? But just don't waste half \nof your life playing this game and also don't watse money on this game it's \nnot worth it. (I didn't spend nothing on this game)", "Very fun and highly addictive, gives quit the rush while playing and even brings a hell of a laugh when you crash especially if your going really really fast and just doging traffic then hit the semi love it yall keep up the good work", "Its very awesome to play this. If anyone doesn't knowhow to drive a car can easily learn from this game. And guys please remember that always use the break when it is necessary because some guys are not using it carefully in real life also...", "I think there should be more things you should choose from and the prices \nshould be lower for the cars and u shouldn't have to buy things with real \nmoney. Also I think to make it harder the other cars should be moving from \nlane to lane also there should be a shop for speed boosters and car design...Full Review", "It's a good game actually... I liked the thing when you just turn your phone just a little bit and it still moved! It's really good. This game deserves five stars for all\ud83d\ude0a feel free to download it\ud83d\ude01 I would like you to download it now! Best game ever bro!\ud83e\udd29", "This game is my partner during free hours or whenever I feel Bored. I love to play this game but I request you to also add manual transmission to game . And Music which we could set by our own.and driving just. Straight makes it bored so add some more things like curves Mountains river crossing .", "Pls don't download this app worst off time & data. We cant even turn  our racing vehicle. Only giving acclator", "It is OK but it got no throttle control  an it's keeps  locking  when the control bit can't  slow down its waste of time", "Racing in car 2 is a fun game me and my cousin LOVE IT. like I said it is very fun and I like that you can get different cars and a different background. all of my friends love it in fact they told me to get this game I was like sure. I am so so glad they told me about its just a great game if you a...Full Review", "It's the best game ever I definitely recommend it\u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764 everyone who said it was boring is wrong. It's the best. H have to learn how to play in order to got the game right. U don't steer with the wheel, u tilt the device your on. Most people aren't smart enough to figure that out.", "XBOX 360 Type Graphics. Smooth controls not clunky. Realistic look & feel, not some otherworldly look, like you're driving in the 22nd century. 100MB isn't going to slow down your device either! Reminds me of TDU2 graphics. thankfully the tire physics is just fine! TDU2 sure isn't.", "Super fun game...relaxing, too, but I wish you could actually RACE cars, instead of just trying not to hit them every time. It gets boring.", "Developers thank u for making such kind of game I really appreciate.one thing I want to say that please in next update give missions and hands are not shifting gear like traffic rider bike racing game.this game is good learning driving.please think abt it.biside game is good.", "It is very boring it made a virus so my phone shut off and now I'm stuck \nwith no phone", "Wish I could find a \"Zen\" game where I zoomed down a mostly clear highway, 45-90 mph, soundtrack, great view and just enough attention to avoid hitting anyone while things changed in surreal ways around me. (I would be scored in number of minutes driving), scenery, novelty: an exercise of losing one...Full Review", "I know you have better than that just work on the game and add more things (horn - lights and headlights - flashers - night way - speedometer lights - seat pelt - etc..)  and i know u can do that \ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\udcaa\ud83d\udcaa\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "It is a good game but there are some big adds after you crash twice.who ever made this game show all of the cars because when you start playing this game all you have is junk pieces of cars . I'm warning you don't waste your time on this stupid game. Don't waste all of your free money", "The graphics are great and the smoothness is fantastic but the gameplay is boring. Weave between the cars and that's about it. It takes ages to get the next car, then the next and I'm bored now. Uninstalling it", "I hated this game it sucks really badly the graphics are bad and all you do is move the wheel plus it is really hard to drive DO NOT GET THIS GAME EVER ANYONE !!!! THERE ARE MANY OTHER REASONS TOO THOUGH BUT IM NOT GONNA SAY BIT DONT GET THIS GAME PEOPLE", "Beast car game ever played. Mack more games like this but mack it so you can get out the car in kill people and tack people  cars.", "Teasing that bad although I hope you improve th graphics and make more games just like that", "Bad game, don't download it unless you want to watch ads more than playing the actual game. Most of the stuff you have to buy with real money, the game lacks content anyway. Steering is also sometimes bad, I am telling you from experience as I have bought all cars to test it. All in all, a complete ...Full Review", "Extremely boring. Needs to b e a better graphic and bugs were not fixed. For an adult fun, for a kid the most boring game we could have played", "It's a very fun game but uh uh wow this game is super duper fun you better play it if you don't give it 5 stars you are missing out on a really nice and fun game... NOW I'M GOING TO PLAY RACING IN CAR 2 BYEE", "Overall is good but needs a lot of work. Breaking is not realistic at all. And the most important if it is not going to be harder you can drive forever without crashing and get bored really quick", "It's okay like if you count it as a total of like 50 stars I give it at least a mini a 45 out of 50 stars because it's not really the best the graphics are really that good and I think they could make it more like realistic because it looks all fake but I know it is but I really don't like you so ma...Full Review", "I am a girl and I even like this game what y'all mean by too many ad no is \nnot too many ads it just right no more ads no more problems so that's why \ny'all need to start taking your back medicine and stop being such a baby \nI'm a girl and not even like boy game so what's the point of even catching ...Full Review", "I mean it's, not the best game but why do have to pay for all the cars with real money you can only have one car that's messed up you can download the game but be aware by messed up things in this game\u2621\u2621\u2621", "I think that I've never had a game like this and I don't work and I love it so much and I I just I don't know what to say right now I love this game so much and I've never had any game like this before so thank you so much guys that prepared me and stuff like that I am and stuff who got the stuff li...Full Review"], "\"Silverstar\" von Sonderspiele": [], "Game danh bai doi thuong 52fun": ["\u0111uk hay"], "Bubble Shooter Space": ["Ok but the aiming system is not good on bounces. After level 100 it becomes \nthe equivalent of bursting bubble wrap. All the levels from the on are \npractically identical and can be won with as few as 2 balls.", "Like some other bubble games it has a bad aiming device. I'd play the game more if it had a longer aiming device and the fact there are no explosion things at the bottom of the screen doesn't help any.", "wow. after level 1150, the game just stops. no more levels. guess the designers and developers got bored. maybe one day they'll have better experiences and bonus mini games within the levels. not trying to be disrespectful, just saying.", "This is the best time killing App plus too addictive..... Highly recommended if you have spare time or you want to fresh or you are in tention.... This game makes our mind fresh to face our routine or challenging task to do....... Thanks developer.....", "I have been stuck on one level for almost 2 to 3months now I don't know why.The game seen to be blocked. Please unblock it I want to continue to higher levels.", "Really like this some levels are hard but you can beat them..also relaxing...and the aim is accurate. Periodically the color comes out wrong..but overall..very good!", "I think the is addictive which is a good thing...It keeps me booked. The only down-fall is that it takes LOTS of your battery. It makes you battery life extreamly short.", "i think that its a avoid boring game.. bcz when i am bored iplay this game.. but this not really good game.. just ok!", "Due to 2 Colors in one ball it's not easy to shoot the twin colour balls as it's quite tricky .....also extra moves provision should be there.", "It's basically a easy game that helps me tolerate the subway At times it can not give you a chance to win although you should work forit", "asersefet pate along very heavy aim is ka lea my game is arcery my wondarful game Itis instracstin game but very instacstin game is pubg and gladitor true story game", "Very bad game. Not a very nice way to utilize time............ i wish i could give this disguisting game 0 stars", "This game is very good butin satin times the levels is becoming hard bubbles are not more so completing level is very difficult ............! Other ways game is SUPERB", "Ive had a very bad experience with u guys ah its very bad. why ? Its very very bad. improve your game. I didnt enjoy it", "its a foolish game don't install this game.at first we can enjoy it but very Boer when we go to higher levels", "Unfortunately the impossible level for me was Level 33. I would have enjoyed the game more if I could play more levels", "there are some steps which can not be passed,pls try by all means to make the game easy", "It's a good game ..but jis ball ki need hoti hai vo nai ati ..pls think about that ..ek stage maximum 2 days le jati hai ..", "Nice creativity. I thought it would not be nice but after playing only I have knew it's a wonderful game", "Generated colors are too random. Creates situations where shots are wasted looking for a usable color. Too much luck involved in a puzzle game", "I say to you that plz play this game it is really goood for me and i play this and for my this is opinion now this is your thought that you like game or not", "every level is like same, no different 1st label to a advance label. thanku", "Really love the game! But it seems to be slow in response time when you shoot the balls. I really enjoy the coloring.", "Great way to pass time but it's repetitive: each level has the exact same objective.", "The tracer doesn't go full length. (Hence) deleted", "Keep giving me ball has nothing to do with gane", "It helps u focus on one thing and it clears ur mind", "Horrible controls and boring in first shot.. Uninstalled in 2 tries", "Simple and challenging enough to be fun. Keeps me occupied when I'm waiting on people or things to happen", "I like the way this game loads quickly on my phone. The controls work smoothly, too.", "It is the worst game in world.i hate when i reach at 100 level", "WISH MORE LEVELS WOULD COME. HURRY UP AD MAKE MORE LEVELS!!!!", "Way to many adds game is in a hurry to get to the adds then playing", "I think that 15 th level is more difficult to play", "I enjoy the game very much, but I hate the ads that keep popping up", "Too many ads...Breaks the flow and gets annoying.", "I think the game is really good but the only disadvantage is that you don't know when it will end", "Kind OF GOOFY and amusing to kill a few minutes with", "ok but no more level after 1150 level", "This game is very useful game for children's beacoues this game with \ncolourful ball and children's development minds"]}