{"Billionaire Casino\u2122 Slots 777 - Free Vegas Games": ["App should be calle Hundredaiire Casino. The more you bet, the less you win. They keep making updates that make it harder to win. They had a diamond program they took away months ago and keep promising to replace! Still nothing!! Support center just ignores you completely when you ask about it. On a...Full Review", "I gave a terrible review of Huge. They replied that no one can change the odds and wished me good luck. I'm not an idiot, Huge can change the odds. I feel that these odds have been set wildly in Huge's favor, that they know this and are not planning on any changes. Avoid like the plague. They keep c...Full Review", "When I first started playing this game there was so much more you could do! As time goes on it like all they want is people spending money to buy chips.... It's harder and harder to win big jackpots the longer you play!", "This app used to be alot of fun but they got greedy and changed things so you dont win as much and you're forced to buy if you want to continue playing. It's almost impossible to hit a jackpot anymore. My playing time is down by at least 80% because of it and many good players have called it quits. ...Full Review", "So I saw this app advertising for 200 free spins & some people claiming to win big so I figured hey today is my birthday why not give atry & I did. I hit the jackpot even a few free bonus spins. then when it was time to claim my winnings there was no button showing how that could be achieved and whe...Full Review", "I will never pay to play. The adds to buy chips are ridiculous. If I say no once, I dont want the game pushing chips on me. otherwise you got a really nice game here.", "fun, addicting, hard to win major jackpots. Every time I start a game someone sends a like. Those are nerve racking. Money spend does not equal coins, they should account for more. For example; If I pay $9 dollars it should be at least $900 million coins.", "I luv the game but I've been playing the sevens it is impossible to hit the jackpot even on the lowest bet. I tried from lowest to highest in both games ie huuuge casino as well. Very disappointed", "Since certain changes have been made such as being unable to use your diamonds to give yourself or someone else money to play , and changing payout lines and amount of free spins like with golden temple, or even how jackpot bonuses to clubs are paid out... well it's really not that fun anymore", "never win big with LOTTERY or never get bonus spins, They keep doing updates BUT nothing changes. This could be the best game out there", "ive been in many free spins and it knocks me off! it will say i got my coins but I didn't! these machines hardly ever hit now. they have made this game very hard to play and be able to have coins! once upon a time it was a fantastic game when you could use your diamonds to buy coins for others or yo...Full Review", "What happened to my 2.5 million coins for updating the app? I never received them...This game does this all too often... I'm beginning to dislike this game because of that... It's not fun no more!!!", "This game is so much fun as long as I have funds in the account to play. Can become a lil addictive if there is no self-discipline.", "Slots are so tight there is little enjoyment. Too many pop up ads for \"great\" deals for chips in exchange for money. All in all frustrating experiance..", "Here we go again with another \"update\"! Another decrease in the odds of winning. Losing my desire to play & the fun & luster is definitely going downhill quickly!", "its a great game.. but to many breaks when you level up.. i wanna keep spinning!!", "Enjoy this game. Until it was changed so much to put the screwing to all who play. If you want to play they make you pay. Pathetic money grabbers.", "Your game sucks in Golden Temple I didn't get one free spin and I waisted over five million chips", "I'm confused in the description of this app it clearly states that this is solely used for entertainment purposes only and that no real money is rewarded or given for any winnings through this app. and that any money spent purchasing more chips that was spent and lost will not be refunded for any re...Full Review", "greedy money hungry company! take your real money but you can't win big chips back!", "FIX LOTTERY ITS BROKEN. THIS GAMES TURNED A COMPLETE 360 GOING BROKE ALL THE TIME AND CANT WIN AUTOING.", "Why three stars ? This game is rigged muck, that's clear ! I dont like it . but Huuuge Global !!! I really like your idea how to get earn easy money from people with small brains or lower IQ ! \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02 this is perfect \ud83d\udc4d", "after update game will not load... please fix asap... Kim I contacted them no help.. but thanks for your response 3 weeks later.", "great game I stay on here for hours and my wife hates it but she fine with it at the same time.. love this game. I need more free chips.", "it was a good game when i start playing it but when you u lose 200m in 20 min an dont hit but 3 to 4 time over ehat u bet it got bad app they want is for u to buy more chip", "So now they get your id play your player to steal your diamonds to make money game is so funny please take this game from google theives all about there team rip you blind worst customer support.", "Lots of variety in games, good graphics and fun to play, Better chances for $$back if in a club. I do wish you could still convert diamonds into chips when you get low, Like the puzzle options to get more chips especially at the 7B and 10B level.", "I really enjoyed Billionaire Casino but with every upgrade and ne games the odds of winning have gotten worse and the glitches are not all fixed, sometimes they are made worse.", "Used to be best app out then they took away the features that made it great diamonds for cash, ability to give diamonds to friends, lottery is fixed, they make money hand over fist but greed is an ugly monster.", "the win ratio is bad its a huuuuge disapointment used to be fun but now all they want is for you to buy chips", "one minute im up the next minute i look down and done blew threw 10,000,000 without winning nothing. JUST MY LUCK \\m/o@\\m/", "Best game I've played so far.. we will see lol", "wow ..... wow...... and again WOW..... THIS IS IT THANK YOU VERY MUCH NEED I SAY MORE", "Since last Tuesday when they did maintenance I have lost at least 200,000 points a night by clicking on box to watch ad for 25,000 points.Game either locks up my phone,says opps we had a problem or watch ad & get nothing.Very frustrating I've already complained with no response.Fix this problem ASAP...Full Review", "Its a great game but very unfair. Was at 155 million and minimum betting lost it all in a day.", "game has changed, very greedy, they want you to spend money that's it, and their customer service SUCKS!", "I do not like it any more it crushes every time after an update.", "can't log in yet took my money to buy a few big packages now I did tried fo update won't work why not give me back my money sucks", "This game is so good I can't stop playing I have deleted all my other games they don't compare to b c", "after 2.5 years playing, gold puzzle pcs. taken, coin cost more, good hits scarcer, club jackpots less, cash madness was great for club jps, but flopped...almost quitting tiime.", "Good games go on for hours and more. Next thing its mornin", "another one of huuuge games. also has large payouts. win up to trillions in jps. play with friends. join clubs. clime your way to top dog. wish you luck. have fun.", "Never been a millionaire a year later", "less jackpots lose more then u win", "love playing with my team!!!", "All board games do is set you up to lose. I you dont see it, then you have got to be blind.", "u win until it freezes up", "lots of fun only problem is big bets only pay minimum you have to bet small to win", "I Love, I just need more time. I can't play it at all. For some reason it's stopping me.", "Like the game have made quite a few purchases and never any problems trying to take part in raffle now and purchased a ticket pack and got nothing and it was a bit of money ha e sent enquirys and nothing not happy at all I have spent hundreds I'm pissed I want my purchase...!!!!!!! Update they fixed...Full Review", "pretty good fun shame u run out of chips so quick", "by all time tickets and no winn extra chips :( almost every day", "profound entertainment in the luxury of your own home with world wide friends to interact with.", "getting bored with the same games", "one of the best casino slot games I've ever played, actually able to win.", "Just like real, it gives and takes. clubs are the great!", "why do they need access to so much of my information", "the very best in casino gaming you wont find better", "fun but repetitive", "Its a lot of fun! Has a large selection of games, so never gets boring!", "I happy play this game.. Very advanture.. Tq", "i never got offered 200 freespins", "Did not get 200 spins", "off game while you playing", "cash money Mike q", "great stress relief", "bloody awful", "Fun game. Use this to unwind and to satisfy my gambling habits \ud83d\ude0e", "love this app so many fun slots, with awesome players.", "i like the games but trying to find the games that pay out big jackpots", "Addictive time killer! Build clubs and chat. Fun games!", "I love this casino game except the new lucky mei", "Making others rich", "its a good game to pass the time with and its great slots lol", "4w136 reed6ht the rsy", "i cant win ever", "awesome 5 star", "I love to play Billionairel", "love it.love it love it", "Need more winnings...Love The Billionaire...", "best casino games app ive played!", "I bet you will Love this app.", "The Games Are Very Relaxing and Fun", "Billionaire is an outstanding, take my mind off of life and entertaining game!!!! KUDOS!!!!!!", "great game to play. really enjoy playing.", "awesome game good pay outs", "ENJOY THE GAME VERY MUCH", "I love this game so much", "pay for play :-(", "nice game!\u00a1!!!", "thanks for the update", "grate game", "Fun & addictive. I like money \ud83d\udcb0", "weak to pay", "SCUMBAG SCAMMERS", "I Love to play the game.", "Always have fun playing.", "great game check it out\ud83d\ude0a", "fun cant stop", "Really fun and completely addicting!!!", "making nyself a billionaire was fun", "a joy to play & heaps of fun.", "Great Fun. Terrific Graphics. love it.", "i win all the time love it", "Fantastic fun join me.\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4d", "beyond my imagination \ud83c\udfdd", "Great games, and graphics", "Awesome!!! it's addicting\ud83d\ude09", "its been great.", "great lovredov free it..", "love this game!", "Awesome game. Love it.", "love the different games", "great online fun", "greatest gaming website", "fun and excitingly addictive", "good game fun game", "INVESTIGATION", "l0veit", "wanderfull", "adictive", "ok", "good, this game", "Very enjoyable.", "lots of fun.", "great game.", "my favorite app....", "fun!", "FUN!!", "Great!", "love this app", "good luck", "hours of fun", "great game", "good times", "great JPs", "Love this game", "very entertaining", "kool game", "good game", "very entertaining", "love this game", "great game", "good games", "good", "fun", "good", "fun", "Excellent", "awesome", "excellent", "awesome", "Niceee", "excellent", "excellent", "fun", "awesome", "good", "great", "great", "I really like this casino game. There's always something new like challenges and games. It's fair and pays well. And support responds quickly. The only reason I didnt give it 5 stars is because it's VERY easy to spend $ accidentally & there's virtually no recourse to get it back or undo it so BE CAR...Full Review", "I love the games all of the games you're so bright and full of action. the graphics are so cool. I really have a hard time putting the game down but I guess you can see that from the way I play. he does have a few bugs in it but nothing that I can do that I can't deal with other than losing my money...Full Review", "i haven't ran out of coins yet and ive been able to continue playing these fun games for quite some time. OTHER APPS have quest and are a bit confusing on how to even get to the games you're trying to play. this app is simple, straightforward and entertaining. join a club and benefit when the player...Full Review", "this game blows. use to be able to get coins and keys like it was nothing. now you get maybe a coin evey 300 spin (which blows). i had billion of dollars on this now im less then a million in less then 24 hour period (which blows even worse). use to win a lot on the games. now i very rearly win anyt...Full Review", "Was great in past. Now developers are greedy beyond belief. Hard to win anything, and after updates or maintenance it's usually very tight on wins. Play because I'm bored not because I love it anymore. Just keeps getting worse. All new games only pay well on bonuses ... lp is ridiculously low.", "like the game but there is no way I'm giving you real money to play a fake money game. Now if you going to send me that 58 million dollars that's in my piggy bank I'll give you the 50 bucks to open it. Dumbass beyond that it's a great game", "takes alot of person real cash to ever get to where you dream of of getting where so many will never get. I'm one of those dumb azz's that spend over a hundred bucks a month and have never done more than 50 billion. I buy billions at a time a d can ever hit the big billions jackpots. My advice don't...Full Review", "This is a horrible app they make you lose intentionally so that you use your own funds to purchase their chips that they sale for crazy prices. And i must say their slots seem rigged against you making you lose much faster. I lost a billion chips while betting not to high or to low very quickly. I w...Full Review", "Worst slot game ever hit rate less 2 percent wow. U see a lot pop up to buy no other pop up like Jackpot will be nice. Not interested buying fake chip keep in mind this a game it only fake chip. Not worth it won't be playing again.", "The best blackjack game to practice on. Would like the option of doubling down after splitting. A tutorial on how to use some of the features would be very helpful, without it I have to spend much time experimenting and making many errors while trying to figure things out.", "The game is even worse than my last review. They now have competitions that are impossible to complete (where you collect non collectable keys). You have to spend real money a lot more now. I know some agent is going to say you don't have to spend to play but they know very well you won't get far wi...Full Review", "all they want is ur money. dont play this game. they tease u with a few wins here and there and then take all ur little winnings u have so I would want to buy over and over and over. all the slots are heavily rigged unless u buy. if u buy u win more and hit more jackpots if not u mostly lose. RIP of...Full Review", "I love my club! Playing with friends makes the experience even better. The graphics are really good and there are lots of fun games. There have been a lot of changes recently. Most have not been positive for the players. I Hope that some of these changes can be reversed to make it as fun as it used ...Full Review", "this whole game is a glitch set up to to scam you. if you play this app after each win only you have to let it play out completely. but this game out doesn't stop after a win and I mean letting g all the lines and symbols light up and show you the line play. and suppose to stop. but this app you hav...Full Review", "Was a great game but they updated it and now it's all about the money. The games are great but they don't hit like before and if it does they take the game down and fix it so you lose more. I bought 103 silver tickets and couldn't even finish the 4 piece puzzle. No extra tickets or xp, a rip off! Wi...Full Review", "really boring game. graphics are okay. very few hits and hardly ever get a big win. lots of ads and chip sales promotions. really no fun to play. Each spin renders nothing. Maybe a cherry every 300 spins but nothing to enjoy. I have lots interest in this game. Sorry.", "The last 2 spin to win and collect games the game has had has not allowed me to collect what I need to advance. I have played each day and played millions and the last game i didnt even get 1 \"coin\" to advance. The games I'm speaking of is the Chinese new year blast and the one before it. As much as...Full Review", "HORRIBLE HORRIBLE GAME!! Only reason it gets 1 star is so I could leave this comment. This game cheats you out of coins and money if you're buying coins. They stop the reels out of sequence so you can't hit jackpots or the big wins. If you're going to hit it big after spinning hundreds of times the ...Full Review", "I had 15000000 then all the sudden it disappeared. I have spent money playing this game and then all the sudden my bank is empty. how do i get my credits or money back? would not recommend making in app purchases in this game", "At first I loved this casino. I joined a club and made a ton of new friends fr all over the world. I became co leader of our platinum club. It was so addictive. They would give chips out free for moving up etc. Then I started playing the club events. These are slots your club has to play in order mo...Full Review", "used to be a good game. greed ruined it. severely limited daily rewards, spending real cash on their lottery is a gamble you seldom win, and the games don't pay out. they just take. answer to response: developers have made this game pay-to-play. cut most of the daily rewards out, lowered the lottery...Full Review", "Now they stopped people from restarting with new characters it seems since the update last night because they want to weed out anyone playing for free. See everyone... Not only can you not win but now they don't even want people to restart players. Why you ask? Cause they want you to spend money so ...Full Review", "It's fake chips for real money and they are so tight u buy and they take it. Don't waste ur money, wish i learned 3 years ago when i started. Im a level 1060 and never a large jp and horrible customer service they lie lie lie. Update to message i i have written to u so many times and nothing. Update...Full Review", "Games are great.. But the ads are ridiculous.. If someone wants to buy something they're going to buy it, there is no need for all them pop up ads in hopes that someone will accidentally click on one for a chance to make easy money off someone's credit card.. Get rid of the ads and the game would be...Full Review", "i cantplay i was on level 158 it put me back to 1 andwont let me play fix it please i am coleader my team needs me cherylb. wild child andmoses", "They keep making it harder and harder to win, tightening up the reels, almost have to make a purchase to get anywhere and the more you buy the higher the price goes on packages. Been playing for almost 2 years and don't know how much longer I will stay playing unless they make some changes. Used to ...Full Review", "Wow! This casino is HORRIBLE compared to the way it was a few years ago! Lol! I made the regrettable mistake of downloading this ridiculous app again. 90% of players in rooms have less than 200k chips. NOBODY WINS ANYTHING! I played 60 lottery tickets and couldnt get the LAST PUZZLE PIECE I needed t...Full Review", "Jim I love this game is have had some problems here and there which no one will fix but every game has something I know they probably hired u because u can answer with out getting angry but! please be careful the way u talk sometimes can come across belittling or unsympathetic. there really tons of ...Full Review", "I miss the diamonds having value. The slots are much tighter than ever. Some events are too long and consuming. Increase free spins and winnings for higher level players and we will play much more. Teams are good.", "dont play this game, it will turn you into a loser. i lost so much on here i feel like the biggest loser in the world . think im gonna go kill myself...", "can be very addicting. House will always win out in the end though, just like real life. Can't gift chips to people, but slick interfaces and quick action and lots of prizes. Enjoy the in-game conversation.", "if u like to win at 1st then lose 99% of spins after you invest good amount of time playing. no fun losing everytime seriously everytime until down to last coins.", "payouts worse than actual indian casinos. no chance to get more than you start with!! not even a slow leak of your coins!!! win your bet back 1 out of 15 spins!! made 250 spins today!!! 0 free spins and 1 big win!!!! God about had a heart attack!!! broke in less than 10 minutes!!!weeee!!!", "Sucks. Was a good game until the last update. They tightened the machines and lowered the payout. So, now you win less and earn less when you win. Truely has become a pay to win. Bad business. I'd rate less than 1 star for this if I could. -5 stars for greedy business.", "absolutely fuming! have had this game for a looooong time and built my levels and chips up an awful lot. only to click on the game after the updat and my profile has been swiped. back to level 1 with no chips or friends. what the hell is that about!!!!", "Gets boring after a while. You realise you're not actually winning real money and you end up going to a real casino to lose real money.", "If you are playing this game to get Awards on other games be careful because they have false advertisement most games will tell you that you can only win with one offer however billionaire Casino won't tell you that and you will spend countless hours participating in the offer only to find that you ...Full Review", "upgraded today.. now you lose your tokens faster than before. Bought some tokens during the big sales they have and lose them even faster. So for me it is time to uninstall. Still a 1 star.", "Fun to play. But since 4 updates ago the rewards are less than before and I am unable to get my jackpots like I used to, plus the gifting is not available to help those in need of some chips like before.", "worst game ever. don't waste your time. wants you to buy chips in order to play. never hit jackpots,"], "Zynga Poker \u2013 Texas Holdem": ["texas holdem poker in its finest! I love stratagies and the thrill of the gamble of not knowing if you can win. The river can make you float or drown you then your out! Bring it on! This is real Texas hold em when sometimes the haters let you know how they feel! Just don't catch their feelings, Don'...Full Review", "I like the game layout concept and features. The transparency and integrity clarity is lacking. Keeping the game fun and honest for all players wherein players are not using software tools to win by cheating. I have experienced the players clearly using software tools with the continuous delay in bi...Full Review", "When you get to the tables that have a little bit more chips, you get players that know poker etiquette and and it's more realistic.. When you go to the cheaper tables its seems like everyone goes all in pre flop.. (annoying) which is amateur hour cause that's not real.. but \"you get what u pay for\"...Full Review", "Game is Good. I just hope it will stop appearing that your buddy invited you to play in their table. while we're in table we choose to play. it pisses me, everytime im going shove coz my cards is good. then suddenly it pop up, and i accidentally press the join now. grrr. fast as lighting im already ...Full Review", "With every update, this app locks up more and more. My favorite tables are the 1 table tourneys, but I don't bother playing on the tablet app, because, by the end of the table, you're not in control. Game play locks up, and you just end up losing money because the app folds you and you lose the blin...Full Review", "Too many scammers going all in every hand stopping others from betting if they dont have enough chips. Also, when you first download the game the bonus every 4 hours starts out great. The higher you level up the lower the chip values are. Great game but should help more on chips every 4 hours.", "it's a nice game , but to be clear, this game created just to lis and spend the money.. it's alot about set up . when the system want u to win , then u will win , and of he want u to lose then u will lose , it's all about to pay and los , and it became more bad and more bad , and I try it many times...Full Review", "am really getting fed up with this game not allowing me to play and making me sit through five hands and then kicking me out of game and back to lobby. been playing this game a couple years because it had been my favorite Hold'em game to play fast tournaments. Please fix it before I give up and dele...Full Review", "Dumb game keeps messing up. Several times myself or other players have had winning hands and it will give the win to someone with no hand or lesser hand. I had given this game a 5 star rating before but I have since edited my rating. The game itself plays ok but seems like whoever programmed it didn...Full Review", "I myself have been playing this game for a long time , since the game first come out... And folk's Im still having the best time of my life.... Awesome App ....GAME OVER THE MF TOP..... GOTTA CHECK IT OUT....", "been playing for 9 years first on facebook and now im deleting the poker app, am disappointed with the gameplay the new sit and go tournament is stupid, there was nothing wrong with the old one and you took away the jump tables. why change the tables when they were fine! sorry but you have lost a lo...Full Review", "Best free poker app I have seen. the level of play is of course horrid as you would expect with a bunch of people with nothing to lose, but that's even on money sites for free rolls, etc. only thing keeps me from 5 stars across board is no Omaha. not my primary game but I do get bored with Holdem so...Full Review", "You people are scum. If you don't PAY MONEY you will never win. They will always always give you just enough to LOSE. UNLESS YOU PAY MONEY. So life is now CHEAT TO GET WHAT YOU WANT. ZYNGA is a good example of this. CHEATING DIRTBAGS", "Nothing but rigged to make you spend money. downloaded this game 5 days ago and at first it was great, managed to make a fairly large cash stack but that soon changed. now everytime you start with a good hand you get a rubbish draw but the minute you fold with a pants hand the draw hands out 4 of ki...Full Review", "They rip you off on the free spins. Then they rip you off when you spin, yet don't get the full 100% of the spin. I sent them an email, they did respond, however they couldn't, (or wouldn't), explain why this happens. lol", "every time i opened a gold safe at the beginning i got between 5 and 10 million chips so i decided to save all of my tickets and open a ton at once. each one i opened gave me less than 1 million. this happened on two separate devices with two separate accounts. Very unfair.", "I have played Zynga for awhile now. loved the app, however since this last update. it freezes and I can hardly get through a complete game. it sucks because I'm loosing chips due to the malfunction or glitch. it has never done this until now. I will keep trying back but for now I guess I will have t...Full Review", "HELL PISSED OFF!!!!! I worked hard at strategies to get my cash up to over 107million even tho ive only been playin for a short time..... Do you want my 5 star rating? then give me back my $$$CASH$$$", "was fun for a while but it seems like I am unable to get above a certain chip count without spending money. will go on a hot streak to a certain point and then I will start losing hand after hand after hand. tired of logging countless hours and feeling like I'm not getting anywhere. deleting the gam...Full Review", "It's ok, I thank you for letting me have my trophies that I earned and I hope that you let everyone else that's spend a lot of money on this game that deserves our trophies as well to let them have their's. I'm sure by doing the right thing that you owe keep the customers that you have and Gain many...Full Review", "I want to thank Zynga poker for all their help this past week. I had to change my password because my profile was hacked and I had to go to the bank and cancel my debit card and get a New one. I love playing my poker game. I have PTSD from being on the fire Department. It helps me to keep my head st...Full Review", "love this app but today I found a player who was on level 253 and I'm on level 250 and I'm told I am at the highest level achievable and an upgrade of levels is coming soon, considering I play everyday how come I'm not able to level up. also I would love to see the Zynga format of poker app become d...Full Review", "Please setting personal chat with friends and buddy in playing time. personal friends chat start then best. please last few days lost problems with changes tables do something i can't palying properly", "game is a joke anymore. lucky spins suck and the tickets are as bad as the spins. and for the fair gameplay ya right you have a 3 of a kind some one always ends up getting a flush or 4 of a kind the game always favors other players and screws you over", "The game is a fun but surprisingly and pathetically the system is responsible for suspending the account and moderators don't have any idea about what the system didn't like. That's really pathetic arrangement and must be sorted out. I lost over 1 Bn due to Mr System.", "you appear to have made positive changes but I would scrap the emogies. I could care less how many donkeys I get but it could affect some. You encourage people to be polite, nasty emogies are self destructive. That litle aww after your nuts hand gets rivered, I'd get rid of that. No one wants their ...Full Review", "I can't download the game on my galaxy S9 plus. it downloads and when it tries to install I keep getting an error code: 910. I use to play this so much. spent money on this game as well. contacted customer support but nothing. pathetic", "this game is so rigged it's not any fun at all anymore, it's way too slow and they sre jyst as likely to mis-call the winning hand as not although according to rh they gave an infallible system. don't waste your time and definitely don't spend money here. uninstalled", "sometimes in some games dealer/zynga takes money when I win even I have disabled hand strenth meter... very bad position of check/call button, I want to press check to normal bet, but player before me raised in exact moment to 1 mil. and mistakely hiting call... not possible to join zynga account wi...Full Review", "cheap poker app with loads of tilt and nasty pre flop all-ins and mixed with loads of bots who gobble your chips up on All-In Calls.. you shall constantly get 2 pair hands and bots shall beat you with a straight or flush all the time with a fixed pattern in all the HoldEm games.. Very Bad Zynga.. ut...Full Review", "cheat of a game biggest cheat ever..get to a decent amount in the chip bank and cant win a game for love nor money.. opposition always has that one card higher or better hand..to the point where ive lost to royal flushes on numerous occasions when it is supposed to be the rarest of hands", "Decent game play.... They update regularly.... Cheap to buy chips if you hit the ultimate loss.... For a free app, there is very minor advertising..... That's what keeps me here.... No ads and it is fun .", "Fun app for a bit of free hold'em. Not the right place if you want to play properly, but you have to accept that when it's free chips. Play is still a bit faster then I'd like.", "When I first started playing cards I didn't really know how to play. My Girl Sherry is taught me a lot. I'm learning and kicking a lot of butt here at Zynga. Love the game", "Just started paying this game. Its ok. It doesn't seem to be as fun as your spades plus. im finding it hard/timely to figure out all it has, to offer.", "Pretty bad that some have ads as an source of chips, some don't. Just shouldn't happen or be allowed of it's a bug or such.", "The poker play is fun and smoth, but the constant nagging to buy something vets annoying. A little of that is acceptable, I understand the reasoning, but it seems like every other tap of the screen is an attempt to get more money.", "This is the best version yet. It has a smooth design that is easy to use. I can find tables fast in a variety of game styles ( sit n go, cash table and tournaments for any skill level ). The only issue I had was not getting my winnings after a sit n go 30,000,000 chips just didn't make it in my bank...Full Review", "Making the challenges more expensive from 100 to 500 million was a bad move. Zynga just wants the players to spend more money.", "mother fuc ker Zynga poker cheat game ,fair game my a ss oio,buy your mom fuc king chips. somebody at USA should report to the relevant authorities to check on this cheat game!", "I think you should offer better chip and gold deals ,its almost impossible to advance past leauge 16 without spending hundreds of dollars whitch would be dumb might as well go play at a casino ,in short it passes time bout it i dont recommend the app", "it biased to ppl with extra money in hand when players all in! why? because they kept this apps work by spending!! delete confirmed! wasted my time!", "really good hold em app. done real well, no ads. i wish you would bring back the jump tables. i loved those. zyngas still the best hold em app out.", "Should had started playing sooner! \ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01 It is the best poker app I have tried, I am caught, hook, line, and sinker. Not going anywhere\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a One thing I discovered, they put bots in that never loose a hand or one out of 15 anyway and always makes the big bets. Be careful!!!", "8 years. I've had Zynga Texas Hold'em for 8 almost 9 years. seen a lot of things come and go. What has come back that I was happy to see go the 1st time-- POP UP BANNERS THAT ANNOUNCED WHEN A BUDDY IS ONLINE!!! -- WHY BRING THOSE BACK?!?! Grrrr always hit them by mistake and BOOM I'm at a table whic...Full Review", "Lots of fun,challenging,some nice people to talk with,only problem your in a middle of game then POW you get \"oops zynga stopped unexpectly \" and when your finally reconnected you lost your money,happens 3x a week", "This is a good poker app. I wish it had the capacity to have multie table tournaments. That and chip purchase prices are crazy. You get far too much for too little.", "your lucky i cant give you 0 stars, i am surprised at how much of a con this is, u stop players from winning and add artificial players in to strip them of chips so u can get people to pay for chips, i have had approximatly 20 hands in about 4 weeka of playing please explain how this can be realisti...Full Review", "i have asked several times why the top leaders in the 11,12 leagues are obviously fake..all are using zynga logo, all have 31 hands played, no friends, no likes, 0 money in wallet, but huge winnings...obviously fake..all are very similar..why are these allowed to remain in play?", "every time I get a good paying hand they claim my internet is out they lock me out and Iose it all . just lost over 900 k", "notifications are turned off....STILL recieve notifications... ive triple checked, ive reinstalled etc.....I DONT WANT NOTIFICATIONS FROM YOU!!!! my notifications bar is not for your f+\u00d7king adverts for in app deals and events ... and THATS why i want them off! the only thing id ever want to be noti...Full Review", "-game is fixed..cards r not random -players who buy or donate have more chance 2 win -if u bet high with nothin u prob win at river -game keeps disconnectin when u try to call on big hands at the last sec 4 no reason -same players win 10 hands in a row n when u fold once thats when u get the stronge...Full Review", "I think the game is great. I think you should start everybody out with the million dollars not just $50,000 this way we can have a chance to build up and play but the graphics the speed of the game is fantastic", "Why do I always get short changed on the multiplier of the spin reward I should of got millions I never received and paid good money to have that correct and is wrong to make people pay more so please sort it as more people are going to other poker games", "game is ok....spoilt by players that clearly haven't played poker for real money before. Would be 5 stars if you could actually play your own friends on there. Can't believe there is No option to play friends!?????????!", "I am a keen poker player, and really...initially enjoyed the app. Ive dropped my 5 star rating for the app to only 2 stars. This is due to funds going missing , and a very unhelpful experience trying to sort out the problem.!A tech issue that Im having is still not sorted outed too. Otherwise had it...Full Review", "I've been playing Zynga poker for years... great pass time... I get upset not having more access to lower wage games.. pushing me to play higher wage games just makes me think y'all are all about taking ppls money...addicts come in many different aspects in life.. I don't like that ppl from other co...Full Review", "Great app. Anyone complaining about this game \"ripping them off\" needs to learn how to play poker. if your better than a NOOB you will love this app.", "every hand is a straight flush or full house. ruins the game of poker. this game is terrible for people that actually know how to play poker. if you are a poker player, DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME", "Consistently get garbage hands because I dont pay to buy chips. When I use the tickets to win up to 450million chips, I never win more than a few million. I don't recommend you download this app it's designed to take your money.", "Great game player interaction top rate. wins based on your skill not luck. far better than any of the other ones I have played.10 *", "this is the worst poker game I have ever played, you never win any big amounts on your bonus spins, and you always lose on 5th st when you're playin at a table", "Fun app to practice Poker with. I love the little graphics when you take down a pot and the sound of people cheering you on. However, I don't like how paying customer have more luck assigned to their accounts and get to take you out with BS hands.", "everytime you win a pot of money. For some reason you dont get the full amount of money but only partial. seems like they take out money everytime you win for example the pot is 295mil and when you when you dont get 295mil you get like 275mil instead.", "Fun and fair. Anyone saying its rigged just has bad luck", "this game is the best!!! there are sooo many ways u get rewards. i love the sit and go tournaments. i have 60 buddies and everyday we givee each other thousands of $. and i win 500 thousand or more on the free spin slot every 3 hrs. and i get 3 to 4 million 3\u00d7 a day for playing regular. u have to tr...Full Review", "Here u have to play against Zynga not the players. Zynga is ur enemy, screw all ur hands. Do not trust AA and AK, sucks!!", "not bad. although you get way too many 3-same-suit on the flop. but best online poker I've played", "Just started playing and its good. No adverts is brilliant. The table could do with being bigger and less busy but overall \ud83d\udc4d", "very terrible experience play with over a billion and win only two hands the whole time gives you lots of same cards below 6 in a row. and never win much", "If you don't give a review or five stars, you can forget about winning at this game. i lost probably 36 million today. even if it is free, you would like to win the bigger pots sometimes.What have you done to inspire me to give you a review ??? or a Five Star Rating ???", "Love the new app compared to the older version. As far as the vacation giveaway...wish there was a way to monitor your progress and also it be fair for the all around people wether u buy chips loving it", "I always lose... Pls give me big win... Realy i giveup with this game... Realy i'm not enjoy with this game... Pls help me...", "How is it I have less money after exiting a table than when I started?. I enter a table with 15M loose it all and have an additional amount taken from my earnings? This happens every time I enter a game. When I win additional mounts I dont get the full amount i should have. What gives?", "I love this game because it is easy to win money(game money not real money) So yeah! But u can lose money fast too...", "Really like the event games. despite many times game stalls and I'm out of the game when it returns", "Sadly the rules change at every table , people delete it off their computers because if you don't buy chip's you stop winning", "the game is rigged, designed to always make the worst hand win to generate action. worst algorithm I've seen on any poker app.", "I love playingpoker and my health is improved so i can play more and enjoy itbetter zynga has given me my happiness back. and i enjoy my new friend s from around the world and playingpoker with them and becoming their friends. The game is played very fair and it is the best poker app. out . Trust me...Full Review", "a complete rip off. dont waste your money purchasing chips or gold coins, as Zinger put you on a losing streak, so you buy more, its completely fixed", "great game. offers methods to get more chips other than to purchase. crashes on low bandwidth, but saves game so long as your quick enough.", "I really enjoy playing poker , thanks to Zinga Poker I have learned this game !! Ive learned poker inside and out Lol When to bet on a sure win . At times we take a chance on a pair but 3 of a kind beats two pair and so on . Seriously it very exciting to win . Helps me relax . ;)", "Reason why its 4 stars instead of 5 is because you cant add people without being in the same table which is a total bummer. fix and ill give 5 stars.", "Thanks for the new update!\u2764 Zynga for Life! Also please add more game stats..for example raise frequencies and fold percentages..I.E. preflop, flop, etc", "It would be nice to see you own money count on the table when playing completions or normal play. once on table money not visible. not good", "This is the 3rd review I have written and I have to say that this will be the best if all 3 as I have changed my negative attitude towards Zyanga Texas hold'em  This game is the most fun I have with all the games I download and I keep coming back for more and I have learned a lot about the way you h...Full Review", "Perfect game and really addicting. Sometimes i feel like the gameplay is rigged tho. It's either you too lucky or having the worst luck", "this is one of the worst poker sites if you thought al Capone was a crook wait till you play zynga poker w s o p site a lot fairer", "I got screwed out of millions of dollars more than once. spilt pots not happening very often.", "I have improved my poker skills through playing Zynga Poker - Texas Holdem. Thank you. Also I have given the Zynga app a five star rating . Happy trails.", "This game is totally unfair and is designed in such a way that you lose all the hands in one game, and at the end you see that your chips are gone, and that's totally unreasonable", "It's really good wishes to your team keep going you deserve the great success one of the best game app I have enjoyed", "notifications keep coming up even though ive unticked it all in the settings, getting annoying, will probably soon uninstall app", "fun game to pass time. hands are clearly rigged so you keep playing and makes it seem as if you would win if you didnt fold quite often. players dont take games seriously since its not actual money but thats expected, right? still extremely fun and addicting once you get at the right table!", "Great, easy to use hold em poker app. Always tons of people of all skill levels playing \"cash\" tables and quick sit and play 5 or 9 person tournaments. Some free chips every few hours as well as sending and receiving small amounts from friends. Watch your chips though, they can go fast!", "Good Game nice to play \u263a \u00fdes I'm having so much fun this is really so good \u2764\ud83d\udc8b\ud83c\udf39 Thanks for all the team of Zynga poker & best regards Elie\u263a you Ara always the best Zynga \u263a", "you guys need to update your guys's tournaments or make better raking position where you unlock them gold tickets because some of them you only play and you win two tickets or four tickets at the most and you don't unlock nothing but maybe 16,000 chips to 20,000 chips if you're lucky please update t...Full Review", "I haven't recieved video watching option no matter how many times i update the app..fix the issue and get 5 stars", "I bought a chip from Zynga Poker but my credit was cut off and I didn't get the chip", "Here where the opinion have it worth, You couldn't improve the game quality , in the contrary it's getting worse", "great setup. good starting chips and they seem to pair you with similarly leveled opponents instead of throwing noobs in with sharks. free daily spin is great!", "It's still a rigged gameplay, if you haven't buy chip don't expect any....", "#Zynga Poker keeps it up with this detailed & classic poker app. Still the best one out there and I have been playing it on all platforms and devices since its creation. Highly recommended!!", "I think this is by far the best poker site out there ! It's realalistic game keeps moving along well and you dont lose your house trying to learn the game. Very well done !!!! I kinda liked it when more players were at the tables.", "admi t i think this gamez was suck and blody liarr you fixed to a winner .it was horrible games.", "What happened to one on one????? That's all I play now there is no one on one!! What happened?? All I can play is the tables which is not what I want to do! Please fix!", "Love the game .one surprise after a another.Come on bring me the money.You know you wont to.And thank you.Yes I do.", "stupid game!!! playing with computer is not fair. for almost 10bets the computer won for all in with straight and flush.f#$k you", "Another game that wanna suck up ur money!! Full of rubbish!! Will always let the bots win!! Will uninstall dis stupid game that full of glitches and manipulation!! Dirty style of making business!!! Damnit!!", "Cheat no 1 cheat for money if there is chance to give minus stars then i would give minus 5 stars for this cheating", "You are doing great job (Zynga poker) i was very happy when you send me greating for the Eid with some chips thanks \u263avery good that the player can see besied the comments the cards in the last games \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f.", "If you're a child and/or don't know how to play poker, this is the game for you.", "Very Good Game, I play everyday! When boredom tries to slip in I play this game! Thanks!", "the game is good, there's no doubt in that, but what's more better, is their customer support service. i was stuck once, but they gave a very good response.", "Great site to play poker! Different levels and ways to play. Make friends with others who love to play too. Easy to use.", "the last update sux.now when i sign in i get a never ending circle of tips of playing the game and terminoligy but it will not ever let me spin for my bonus or sit at a table.please throw the update in the trash and bring back a game that works", "great game love it but not enough free chips to really enjoy the game at its max.....changes have been made since my last review and enjoying it to the max thank you.keep up the great job.loving it more everytime i play.", "Game not working anymore. Won't let me. Login Very unhappy \ud83d\ude12 about that. Please fix it and I'll change me review.", "It took me a month to collect 1000 tickets so i can cash in. The challenges that i have to complete to get more tickets i dont win. Person has a K 7 i have King 6 he wins but for me of the tides were turned id have to share the winnings.", "I have played and spent hundreds of pounds on this application yet I still keep getting ripped off their is no way that this is random as you say now way if I fold a hand like Q9 it might come out once maybe twice but not like this app if I play nothing comes out bulls hit as nothing changes", "ok so i dont like that my chalenges get bigger with the more money i have. makes it go to fast. im sure thats the idea but i dont like it.", "I can't see all my buddies online? Pls do something to fix it. Thanks", "I loves this game. But now i did not get any notification when it is time for me to collect the 4 hours bonus. Why is it like that?? I really2 wish that this matter will be resolved. Im using a huawei handphone", "Please could you stop the notification regarding poker buddies playing appearing so often , at the top of the screen . Once in a while will do , not every few seconds . Thanks", "great game, minimal ads, and thats only if you want to spin the wheel, or add $100,000. I can play this 24 hours straight if I have the time", "Love the game. But recently I've had a bug a couple of times when the screen becomes unresponsive. And nothing works in-game.", "game is fixed.to many cheaters.give you hand but cant win with", "The improvements are great, I only have one qualm. Which is that when two or more people have a showdown it doesn't allow all parties to see what each player had unless they win.", "Chip robbing b#sta#ds you lose games when you should win Uninstalling app", "Cards are not random...If you have a great hand most probably everyone else also have even better.", "zynga poker , pool , farmsville but especially there pool game is a joke a complete waste of time, dont download any games by this developer. the pool game ive had for 3 yrs and on the rouellette table is the biggest rip off not once in that time have i ever got over the 500 dollar mark the wheel is...Full Review", "Great fun good people, & good chances to play like the rich! sometimes cards just don't go your way? have to play smart, & slow!", "It's a good app but it annoys me when it repeatedly pops up telling me that other people are playing on other tables and l still don't understand what the gold coins are for", "The most fair poker game i've ever played..besides that,i can control my chips without having a nightmare river just like other stupid poker game that i have played..its very annoying..but this game was very good and i can improve my poker skills to be much better..keep it up good works zynga poker....Full Review", "Well it is the only game I like I have tried a lot of different poker games but this is my most played When on night watch just a big thanks and keep it up ten out of ten", "great game, it seems like quite often, when i fold my hand, atleast 1 of my cards if not 2 of them will show up on the flop......maybe its just me, still fun tho.", "Good game. Addicting... Except for the fact it freezes sometimes,& some people play like $#@&$#@. Besides that it's a GOOD GAME!!", "After update the app is not even opening..issue has not been sovled since long time..plz look into the matter and try to resolve the issue asap...waiting for ur reply...", "total faul game. full of cheaters here. pls everyone be carefull. waste of time.", "enjoyable but some of the leagues are a joke, 1 hour after starting i joined to find 84 people had already won 10 billion or more. that does not seem right to me not in an hour.", "I love playing poker and for the past few years I haven't been able to go to the casino so I play Zynga to stay in touch with the game. I have never bought any chips , not that I wouldn't but I try to play like it isn't free money . with that said I like to win first just as much as anyone but I won...Full Review", "Just would like to get better hands and keep on winning I know this computer mathematical algorithm that can help me with this but thank you please and help me win at all costs I really appreciate this video game in this application and please if there's any way you could use some more points and go...Full Review", "less glitchy than most poker sites, get to continue game after being booted. just as many lotto players, unfortunately.", "so many time my acc suspended...i report another player play 3 account still not band...idiot", "tournaments are too fast. please bring back the slow option. Also blinds increase too fast. increase lineearly instead of exponentially.", "need private messaging removing from buddy to stop abusive and sexual texting !,other than that it's an okay game", "awesome play. lots of incentives. very addictive. it however, hangs from time ti time getting stucked when playing the ads", "d's app is full of suspence and thrill somtimes u loss and u'll get a free chips..... let you try d's....... join us and fun......", "Best among all games very addictive. Loved it. It's the best game in the whole world.the best one", "Best poker game there is for FREE think people forget it's free \ud83d\ude01\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "this game just wants u to keep buying chips and all these free stuff is gonr in one hand tell me tgis game is not fairplay game", "it made my account public visable and screen goes blank while while winning", "your programmers are dumb, don't know how to write a code,i had 8,3 off suit and other player had 8,J off suit,the flop is 8 9 9 10 3(no one had flush) who won the pot?(for real i won with 2 pair) but your engine gives pot to 8,J player,this is how your zynga poker works?, This is not first happened...Full Review", "love the game been playing alot, but all of a sudden I'm buying into temaments and you sit and wait, no one fills the table, BUY IN GONE", "I've never seen so many preflop call with donkey hands.like 5,2,off suit etc.one person wins every hand on the river.you become afraid to bet your hand.winner seems predetermine.the free spins and challenges are worth continuing to play.", "Pleaae Delete Fake Accaunt In Table Rank.... \ud83d\ude22", "Great Texas Hold'em app. They give you a few million dollars to start out with and a free 'spin' every 4 hours, slot machine that always dispenses some amount of cash, I've had it range from roughly 10,000$ - 100,000$. So you can play as much as you want at the lower stakes tables, max buy in of 10,...Full Review", "good. i lost twenty million. would have got a five star if you added more gifts instead of took a bounch away. you had an age limit on drinks and smokes. gifts are half the fun.", "So far, I cant find a way to get in to play zynga poker...it keeps wanting me to ad devices.....I don't want to add devices I don't have anymore, I want to play on via my home computer (which isn't listed in the devices it keeps trying to make me add) .  What do I needf to do to be able to play on m...Full Review", "only one problem with this game,i can't add my own pic in zynga account ,without facebook log in", "your cheating makes me puke in the toilets, where you belong...\ud83e\udd2e\ud83e\udd2e", "i can't see how when u win a split pot u got higher card u get half of it but we they got higher card u lose", "well maybe it's a game designed to make everyone feel like a winner ........really , come on zynga", "love this app. the chall's are too high, but can be accomplished.....", "Thanks for creating a fair play and spectacular game..I enjoyed a lot..good bless u all and more power Zynga team...", "love the game. one thing I'd change is have some fun with the tables. kick a few themes into it to liven it up a bit.", "i think its very gd game no glitch's no rude people", "someone is stealing my chips how do l stop them? 02/17 did u catch the person stealing my chips?", "Overall play has much improved. Far less cheaters around.", "#Addicted! To bad its not with real money!", "I haven't got video watching option so if i get that I'll rate u 5stars", "Just hate when jackass's play cards they shouldn't be playing and get lucky on the flops.", "It's no fun losing to constant server disconnections", "i really like this app or online game..!! long live to our (zynga poker game) --> I LOVE THIS APP & GAME \ud83e\udd17\ud83d\ude0d\ud83e\udd17\ud83d\ude0d\ud83e\udd17\ud83d\ude0d", "after thousands of games only had one glitch in a sit and go where the 'puter inserted an unknown player at the end ???? otherwise spot on !!!!", "it's a really good game, reaching the next playing level could be improved by not taking as long, but 5*s is a realistic score for this app.", "the hand strength meter has disappeared and it isn't working despite thr feature being on", "jauat the paying side pit never goes your way other then that good", "It's all good. The only problem is where the player is (location) from. Other than that it's all good. Have a great day.", "if you for get too sing in as a guess you start all over again what the hell.", "Okey I want more, just fun.ok make me move another step, just addicted,fun", "its a wonderfull game that you can enjoy yourselves. ill give 1million star rates for this game. give me free chips hehe", "game is a RIP off, I got the same exact cards three hands in a row.", "Great game. Just like playing in Casino, bid wisely and watch out for bluffs.", "not a bad format..wish it would not reward bad playing....but you can't have everything..", "Fast and furious hold em, great practice for face to face games \u263a\ufe0f. Traded in about 250 tickets got gold cash but the 35000 + xp points were not added!!!!! \ud83d\ude32\u2639\ufe0f\ud83e\udd2f\ud83d\ude29", "can you get us new avatars especially the Bulldog ones? 100% perfect game keep it that way...", "keeps losing connection and i lose all my chips over 77,000,000 million worth", "i love texas holdem but there are a lot of bots who come in and mess up the flow and drain your funds quickly by over bidding every hand.", "I'm owed 400 million in chips on tournament play because everytime I win or place I exit out before seeing my trophy. which will take my earnings from me. only poker app to do so. thinking I might sue because I put in $20 so far", "Lots of bots, and it seems like they want to take your chips so you will buy more.", "love this game its the bomb i can't stop playing", "I have been playing Zynga Poker for ages now, and no matter what table i join or whatever amount i bet Zynga Poker decides that i will not win one of my hands played.", "Holdem....love it....**************gets better and better let's play I told ya...better and better...let's do this again......ain't nothing like it....ZYNGA...!!!!", "I like the 5 handed games. Aways a game available. There are a few jerks out there, but thats poker.", "you cheat for the idiots who buy thier chips. Iv'e told you this many times.", "very nice .keep up the good work", "Super fun, easy to use, and fast paced.", "best app game ive played yet. professional looking graphics, smoothe playing with no interruptions, and you get to play against live players!", "very addictive!!! fun to play but sometimes it makes u go crazy.. crazy of big winnings lol"], "Train Simulator - Free Game": ["Horrible graphics, playability questionable and as addictive as a brick to the face! Don't download as you'll just be bugged to unlock levels and trains for the cheap price of \u00a387.99!!!", "good game time pass", "I love this game", "I am lalit I love this very intrasting", "good game", "Good game app", "good", "Great", "Usless game.. \ud83d\ude12 dont download, u'll regret it.", "alright but after reaching station level is being failed.\ud83d\ude1e\ud83d\ude1e", "sad ask to much the game is good but what then ask you to pay \u00a389.99 what a J/K", "bad game.. not free", "tik gem hai 5 staar jR", "its very realistic train driving", "nice well-done \ud83d\udc4d", "it's a nice simulator", "it doesn't want to play.demanding a money", "playing from last year,not yet boaring", "love this game amazing \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "its a good games....", "Graphics xan be developed more.", "Awesome Game Ever", "very", "Worst Game", "super", "super", "very nice", "super", "its.....give u a real traveling experience", "super", "hkl", "o o", "great", "Good App", "Very good", "good", "nice", "good", "Wonderful", "the worst simulator it's very difficult and not user friendly.", "salmansalmankhan@321", "This is good game", "i love it", "good", "game is not good .also graphics..need to remodel objects", "this game so excited every one play its", "30 minutes video ads after each level", "really good i think everyone should play it", "its a intereting game but its the addverts", "Game play good..but too much ad", "Its best", "time pass ....", "super", "top game", "Sup", "game is nice", "very nice", "Good", "i want more levels as it is there till 50 only need more", "I think it is a good game for killing your leisure time", "very nice good app", "very very nice game", "do not download this game", "best train simulator game but add more \ud83d\ude86", "it gives More conference options", "graphics effort is low", "Good time pass", "excellent game", "ok ok", "nice game", "Super", "Superb game", "very good", "good", "eh", "love it", "good", "good", "50 level a por ki r kono level deya hobena?", "cool game for train lovers", "fantastic game", "Very good", "amazing", "i love it", "it is a good game,install this game and play nice it is good when we get bore,but it takes some time to open the game,i like it\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83c\udfae\ud83c\udfae\ud83c\udfae\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "Pretty fun game. Good graphics and sound", "nice game Love this game and and ans an djw jsnw sjsj sjsjsbejsjn jsjs snns sj", "it sucks because you need stars to go to the nexs levol and it go's by four levols", "pls do not install this game it is very bad", "The Best Train Simulator \ud83d\ude82\ud83d\ude84\ud83d\ude85\ud83d\ude86\ud83d\ude87\ud83d\ude88\ud83d\ude8a\ud83d\ude9d", "nice game..\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83c\udffb I loved it guys.", "nice game... enjoy to play... \ud83d\ude0d", "very bad game", "nice time pass", "Not bad game", "mi piace Tantissimo", "not to bad", "Nice game", "Its good", "Abhishek singh", "mast", "mast", "i have no words for dis game \ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f", "nice game", "\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "gud", "super", "good", "Good to play", "Good game", "superb", "nice", "Nice", "good", "nice", "awesome", "nice", "cool", "Game is awesome. But need more coins to play. But coins are high cost. Trains also costs high. Recommend this game.", "nice game to play with very exciting\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4dbut in midway m askd to purchase when sm still fresh with this game..otherwise everything is just perfect..", "B ke faltu game dal rakkha h mdrc rate \u0932\u0947\u0917\u093e 000000000", "This app is rubbish", "mst hai bhsi7 game", "I love this game", "It's ok good game", "Supperb gamr", "Too much ads", "\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01", "Nice game", "v nice", "\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a", "Soooool goooood", "loved it", "Rubish", "Arvind Arvind", "nice game", "good", "Nice", "loved it", "Good", "Cool", "Couldn't go back so you click to view the next train and when you go back to the train you own you can't because it takes you to the pay for it bit", "Cleared all 50 levels. Best train game ever made.", "short times dumb trains must be banned", "Fully entertaining game I like it", "Its not good apppppppppPpppppppppppppppppppppppplpppppppppppppppppppllllllplppppppppp00ppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppPlll", "Very boring not very good game \ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18", "For unlocking new train you have to purchase by money", "Beat train simulator game loved it", "The fabulous train gaming", "Very nice \ud83d\udc4d game \ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03", "It is awesome game", "It's worth it", "All graphics", "Nice game", "Nice game", "Great and realistic Download it", "It's ok", "promocode missing", "Super", "Nice one", "Average", "Nice", "Good", "Cool", "Good", "Love it", "Too many ads, no long hauls. Just short trips to prove you can avoid hitting other trains. Not relaxing at all.", "Good graphics and logic, but consumes memory as you progress through levels. Even the brakes becoming nonresponsive at level10. Need improvement.", "With awesome graphics and nice gameplay this game is great pass time \u263a\u263a", "It's control is not good", "ADS. ADS EVERYWHERE. UPGRADE TO ALL TRAINS. UPGRADE. UPGRADE. You can't navigate without seeing an ad", "I love you so much train simulator", "It's a good game wow", "Tgis game is a joke", "mummy deleted it now I am getting revenge", "Love this game!!!", "Money eating game", "Well game", "Very easy game", "osm game", "\u0906\u092d\u093e\u091a\u0964\u0964\u0964\u0964 \u091d\u0921\u091d\u0921", "Chattara babu", "Faltu", "very fun but could be more effective.", "Good", "Super", "Good", "Good", "good", "Good", "Cool", "DO NOT USE! THIS PROGRAMME ASKS YOU TO BUY TRAINS FOR \u00a387.99 THIS IS WRONG AND BAD! EXTORTION.", "It's really boring and just plz save your self don't play", "\u041d\u0435\u043f\u043b\u043e\u0445\u043e, \u043d\u043e \u0438\u0437-\u0437\u0430 \u043c\u043d\u043e\u0433\u043e\u0447\u0438\u0441\u043b\u0435\u043d\u043d\u044b\u0445 \u043f\u0440\u0435\u043f\u043e\u043d\u043e\u0432 \u0441 \u0443\u0440\u043e\u0432\u043d\u044f\u043c\u0438 \u043f\u0440\u0438\u0445\u043e\u0434\u0438\u0442\u0441\u044f \u0434\u043e\u043b\u0433\u043e \u0442\u043e\u043f\u0442\u0430\u0442\u044c\u0441\u044f \u043d\u0430 \u043e\u0434\u043d\u043e\u043c \u043c\u0435\u0441\u0442\u0435", "The world no 1 best game is this", "Bad game and don't download the app", "Just lame with too many ads", "This is nice, I like it a lot", "Love it very much and it is so awesome to play it."], "VIP Slots Club \u2605 VIP Casino": ["Good game with good payouts. some of the slots are fun, but I do wish it had better bonuses becides wheel spin bonus. Some of the wheel spins aren't very good prizes. Becides that it occupies the time pretty well.", "good so far.. occupies my time when I'm bored", "Now all slots work now 5 stars", "It's really fun and kills time when pooping lmao", "Fun casual slot game. Love it", "GREAT GAME AND PAYOUTS ! GOOD WAY TO PASS THE TIME . . I'D RECOMMEND THIS GAME TO ANYONE", "It's really fun keeps me busy in down time", "Great fun! Nice game.", "Decent slot experience. Varying BONUS games. Quick loading time. Worth the Download.", "really loving these slots! great bonus and pay outs", "Nicely Done I enjoy it very much Thank you", "Needs more slots", "it is a lot of fun to play. there are great bonus games.", "great slot game. lots of bonuses and big wins.", "Great game keep me whating to keep on playing", "Fun game", "Great to see more bonuses in a game", "This game is pretty awesome...good pay outs.....", "great game to pass the time.", "The most fun games ever... a must get...", "Fun game overall!", "it's ok", "Fun game", "very fun!", "Great game!!", "fantastic!! i love this game!!!", "AWESOME JUST AWESOME!", "Daebak", "awesome pay outs....", "easy to win...", "Great game", "awesome game", "excellent for this game", "loving the game", "good stuff", "Good", "Great", "kool", "fun", "nice", "love it", "It's a all white game", "Addict", "BEST ONE... WORTH THE 1 BUCK", "Make you di stuff like this for coins", "Suparb app Thank-you", "Great slot needs a few high roller games", "Passes time", "A++", "hours of fun", "Ok", "It's pretty fun and a good way to burn off spare time. Honestly though, I would to lose a little bit more hah", "Sometimes games need 're down loading.. after stole play, and comeback", "V.I.P. Slot Club is a very fun and exciting game with great bonus and payouts. Keep up the good work", "I'm very happy playing this game Thanks for letting me have the game to play", "Very fun app. O problems games fun to play lots of options", "So far the best paying slot game I've ever played. I recommend this to everyone", "I find it better then most of the other games out there", "It's fun to kill time with. Thanks", "I recommend this app to anyone who enjoys slots.... Love this game", "It's a good way to waste time", "Great game. Loads of payouts.", "nice game,huge rewards", "Great slot game!", "Very good i win all the time", "Pretty good overall", "Not bad at all.", "All good", "\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4dGreat time waster!", "Good game", "Best ever", "Addicting", "Great", "Awesomeness", "good", "Awesome", "I PD for this, and still has ads, shame on you, plus most games are locked, i want my lousy  .99 cents back, the games is not worth it.", "Bagus game judi ni banyak dia punya reward...kalau x de reward dah remove dah.", "Great way to kill time.", "Nice graphics and good payout. Love it.", "Awesome game to kill time", "I love it Can't stop", "It slots", "This is a pretty fun game. Pretty well balanced", "I Love this game it is so addictive great payouts", "Good game, but needs more machines", "AWSUME game", "Great game easy to play.", "It's fun to play", "Great game's.", "Immersing", "Its nice", "fun game", "wonderfull .............", "Cool", "Love it", "Great game!!", "Love it", "Title says it all. Save your money and get one of the free ones instead.", "Great way to relax and play at your own pace...Lars", "Just pay for it it's a lot better thin the free one", "Don't waste your time. I tried it out. Day one, no more than three of a kind and constant demands to watch videos or spend money. I was hoping it might be vaguely good but found it totally uninteresting.", "Fun in spare time", "Big collection. I bought the zombie land one because zombie games r awesome", "Wow that was a waste of money. Lost 95% of the time.", "As of the last update i lost due to a crash over 24 million coins. Over 24 million!! To date ive not been reimbust. I paid for the app and have made multiple puchases. Pls help. Yes ive emailed.", "Great game, but it keeps freezing after my first spin", "Has the best pay outs nd I love the wheel", "Generous slot and a lot of free coins", "It's a fairly decent game, I'm some what surprised!", "1 of the best game ever...", "Good slot game..", "Game", "I have been playing VIP slots for many months, my skills have grown as my knowledge of the game has also grown. Now I play strategically, and have amassed over nearly 30 BILLIONS coin credits. Just wish I could cash it in! !!", "Only brought yesterday, and already bloody crashes, a few times, so I brought a broken game, how do I get a refund?", "Like it alot, its challenging", "Casino", "Slot", "more winnings \ud83e\udd29", "Veryvery", "Awesome!!"], "SIEGE: World War II": ["good game until someone has radio operator then it becomes impossible to win. been in leagues for at least 100 matches against them. maybe won 4. cant get box to release it however seems everyone else has 1. im quitting game due to this bs card. if you dont have 1 they have made it impossible to win...Full Review", "Could be a really great game. Unfortunately it has heavy pay to win elements, not to mention an apparent hacking issue. Another small problem is actually one unit. The radio operator becomes essential after a certain rank. To play without is to pretty much lose. Issues it can be an enjoyable game. H...Full Review", "Haker!!!!!! My last battle was with a Chinese guy. I destroyed his entire base and then the game was stuck with no reason only signal lost icon appeared on screen. I test it out on YouTube and I realized that my internet was working properly. I went back to the game the results showed as Draw!! And ...Full Review", "So far so good. Lots of elements that add to gameplay. Hopefully grows over the years. Graphics could be a wee bit better and it takes way to long to grind for gold as I can tell. Marketing tactics I'm sure. I'd spend some money to invest but I'm gonna make sure it's a game worth keeping. Definitely...Full Review", "Its a great game for wasting some time. I do have an issue though, and it looks like Im not the only one. How can a player produce 4-6 tanks at a time?? The light tank requires 3 energy and we only get 10....but then Ill see 4 heavy tanks coming at me 3,4,5 times in a match. That needs to be fixed. ...Full Review", "its a lot of fun and i do enjoy playing it, but this is how they get you. you only have four slots to unlock crates, you get a crate with each win. your also only given so much gold and before long, you wont have enough to upgrade anything without gems you pay for. it sucks because i do get a lot of...Full Review", "My game got stuck on the 3rd training lv and sens then is froze i dlt the game and reinstall the game but it stays stuck there pls fix this prob or your company might not even look at this prob or this comment Hi there i reinstalled the game. To see if it is. Fine but the game is. Still stuck and i ...Full Review", "easy base invade game. There gets to be a point where strategy starts to be needed, sometimes makes it frustrating. I hope for more incentive to play. I full all 4 of my chest slots with 12 hour wait to open the ammo box. Pretty much sets me out of the game for 2 days.", "This game requires a quick thinking mind, ability to play a variety of strategies and strategic combos and pits you not against people who by spending money have an unfair advantage so it really is about who is the most strategically sound general because even if you do spend money the enemies you f...Full Review", "So far so good...the Matchmaking system needs work. Also if you do not win...you get Nothing! how are you supposed to get better, if u get nothing! They want you to buy gems with real money to buy in-game boxes to level...its a really fun game, but the microtransactions are ridiculous!", "paid $30 to upgrade, the my phone credit got deducted but it didn't upgrade anything. is this a scamming game? I'm willing to pay but yet this game just take the money but never even give anything that I asked for. so disappointed \ud83d\ude20", "great way to pass time. they really need to work on the op match making. I'm just into tier 6. and I'm getting matched with guys who have about 1000 to 1200 ranking points to my measly 604 and its tiring.", "More cards with unique abilities should be made available in this game. Graphics should look more real so that we all could feel like real fighting in battle ground. More games should be made like this such as Siege Animal War , Siege Mafia/Gangstar War , Sige Brawl War etc.", "I would give this game ten stars because it is an awesome game but..... people have either figured out how to cheat or the devs have matchmaking really messed up. people are getting unlimited resources and just annihilating the opposition. please fix the balance of this game", "for now it gets 1 star. i bought some gems and they did not get credited to my account. i have email the dev but nothing yet. will change to 5 stars once this gets taken care of.... edit they fixed the issue. this game is cool i play it all the time when i have time to burn", "super fun game UNTIL you have LITERALLY 10 matches in a row where the person your playing against is at least 2 levels higher than you and its impossible to win. Then the game just becomes annoying. #uninstalled", "good game BUT needs more work like. player balance no fun when you start off and play against someone 40 points more then you with powerful cards and if they get past your 2nd bunker its over no come back just quite. Their is more but the list wpuld be to long.", "to 1 sides. seems everyone I play...they seem to produce points faster than me which in turn means they send more men and use their cards more than me. vets shouldn't be playing newer players. I guess people need cheat hacks to win at phone games. seems all anyone does in these games is cheat cause ...Full Review", "It is a good game but comes to a point that it is not enjoyable anymore. I understand that you get to fight random people but atleast make sure we get matched to the same level of decks. I often come to a fight with 2-3 levels above my current level and it is just annoying to face.", "I would give it more stars if there was a tutorial video or instructions on how to play the game. Everything is learn as you go. Suvh an intrinsic game and way too much to try and figure out or remember. I just lost a battle because I don't know how to use a inhansment I just unlocked. What good is ...Full Review", "i really enjoy the game but i feel like they need to make some loot boxes you earn in game a little faster to open my slots get full to fast so how i would fix it is make the the silver loot boxes faster but you get one every 2 wins or something like that. til i dont have to wait 3 hours to open one...Full Review", "Could have easily been the best mobile game I'd ever played but its really not great. You're put up against opponents you have no chance of beating or opponents you can walk over too easily. It would be great to play a campaign or skirmish mode, i can't understand why it doesn't have them. Seems lik...Full Review", "I enjoy the actual game itself, but that's only when it loads properly; which has been happening less and less frequently lately. it's very frustrating to not be able to play when I want to, or have time to, when the game continuously says that it can't find/contact the server. And, I know it's not ...Full Review", "This game is vary challenging you have to alter your strategy against each player you fight. That said if you like a difficult strategy game based in troop management this is a good one. Also the elo for this game seems to work smoothly.", "massive potential & would be my favorite game of this style w/1 big problem. Problem is if you are not willing to spend copious amounts of money then you get left in the dust & you will get frustrated again & again by people who have obtained higher units that none of your units will be able to beat...Full Review", "people that cheat should be banned. I want my money back that I put into this game until you can fix the cheaters ability to call in airstrikes over and over again. its garbage!!!", "This is a good game but matchmaking is so so bad. Levels come from upgrades and this matches you with a player in different levels. This is unfair and upgrading is more like PAY TO WIN. Otherwise I would rate it 5 stars.", "This game is great but, developers should add a rank insignia for each level. Players can get promoted up the ranks as the level up. It is the one thing that none of these games have.", "game maps are well balanced. shotguns need more range or hp. give grenadier less bullet range. once gotten, no need for infantry card. either more damage for flamethrower or lower cost. extend fear effects by 1 second.", "I think there's a hacker. I once fought a rival which I don't remember where is he coming from. We fought for a little while, he's losing. and then he sends 5 fresh tanks at once . How is that possible? I lose in one push by his tanks..........", "to start off, this game is hard. how hard? I just learned how to beat the comp, that's how hard, and I am not a noob (insert troll flame here, moving on.) if I were to rate my gaming level based on my match exp through my gaming career I would be between expert and mid level so hard for me is actual...Full Review", "The game pretty fun. they should make a map called d day it will have comander card. they need to make a mortar that has mor range my and the same cost of the flame tank better range means a better game. and make battle ships artillery.", "\"Tanks get stuck on buildings, troops and armor sometimes disappear from the field when scrolling up. Its a fun game up until you realize it's pay to play, and don't watch the battle as it's going on because that's when things start disappearing, and the matching just isn't right. How much money do ...Full Review", "its a great game i love but can you please add 2v2 and other battle fields like the pacific war japan the philippine etc. all an all great game you change graphics and the lobby thank you if your reading this debs great game", "the new season is horrible. the matchups are either ridiculously high levels or so easy it's hard to lose. please fix this, base the matchup off the level not the points", "better matchup level wise is needed. its fun, but annoying when you get people 2 or 3 levels higher than you amd you literally can do nothing.", "Exceptional game, have wanted this particular kind for some time now. REASON why I give 2 stars, is cause I just lost multiple matches, due to the other person quitting right after his HQ was destroyed, timing out the match, ending up in a defeat for me instead as well. Repair this gamebreaking time...Full Review", "great game ,but thinks to need more cards. I wold waste my time but not my money", "Fun game. However it seems more than half the time it does not want to load. No errors, just seems to hang in space. Server issues? Does it connected to WiFi or 4G.", "honestly feels like its missing too much. love the game itself but it needs things like cover(when troops enter a building there seems to be no bonus at all). and there is no auto play. an auto play feature is the part I want the most. otherwise the only other downside is how small the maps are. mak...Full Review", "just wish you can get other cards like other players have. and wish that your stars can fill up faster than what they don't. And other than that it's an awesome game.", "Wow, finally a fresh approach to an otherwise already dull game type. Congrats, you've created a great app, devs! Edit: apparently, I can not progress above level 2....??? Was 5 stars, now is only 3 :-(", "great game. not pay to win as if u didnt pay, just slow down the progress a bit. any deck can win higher tier deck if u know wat to hand down.", "Game is pay to win and the match making is stupid. Do NOT waste your time and money.", "dont like the fact it cost so many gems to continue earning cards. have to stop and wait to play again until a slot opens \ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude01", "the game is fun overall but it would be cool if you could command the squads of units. and could give more xp and coin per battle. and have the option of holding position instead of them constantly moving. that would make this game badass.", "Players should be able to add friends & challenge them, few tactics like machinegun nest should be permanently deployed until destroyed. Otherwise overall game is good. Hope that my suggestion will considered.", "awesome game n good graphics,but you should lower the price on upgrading units or give a bigger gold reward when you when you win, just takes forever to get 3500 gold to upgrade one unit lol", "Instead of balancing the troops after we've spent time and coins upgrading them how about balancing the match ups where for example a lvl 7 player trying to go against a lvl 10 player. No global chat even though countless players are asking for it. It is we the players (the ones paying) after all th...Full Review", "great game, its diff then alot. theres no base building but with all the fighting. Its takes a bit of strategy, and collecting the right cards and also having a good clan. it's pretty fast paced all around good game, deffently worth at least trying it out..", "Great game If you like a challenge and to pit your best strategy against players from around the world this is a game for you Fast paced and action packed. Only recommendations i could give would be better balancing between players. i find myself battling against players that are 2 even 3 levels ahe...Full Review", "really good game but i wish there was a more strategic aspect about it like actually controlling where your units can go and attack. Great game nonetheless!", "Great game destroyed by \"Pay-to-Play\" & and very poor player matching. Every other battle is against some one massively over powered for there level whos ungraded with gold.", "THIS IS WERE I die in the game because I was 1v1ing hacker and he somehow hack my account lucky he didn't bit me because he's evil in my head I got laged to we tied for my account it was a little HACKER THAT SUCKS!", "customer service was above and being when I got hacked. Way more than other games. Thanks boys. Flowing gameplay, good concept, good extras. No complaints. \ud83d\udc4d", "takes too long to level up and earn money unless you make a purchase tho game it's sell is brilliant", "it's like playing football but with guns and tanks... Only problem is my cellphone tends to heat up. Besides that GREAT GAME!!! Btw get a better SERVER!!!!!!!!", "Fun strategy game! been enjoying it very much. awesome. my only complaint is it kills my battery kinda fast... could be my phone. idk. other then that... fun game!!!", "Really enjoying this game so far. hopefully fingers crossed there will be more games similar in the pipeline. It would be great to do a modern day version of the game.", "its fun but i dont get how they can spam tanks but i cant. also troops feel pointless they can all get wiped with one fire bomb i been looking at reviews and seems you guys only respond to the ones that praise your game listen to the consumer this game can be amazing", "waaaaay too much fun very addictive suggest you look elsewhere if you wanna play occasionally. You will play all the time. lol", "it's pretty nice actually. If there could be like a game mode where you fight against AI", "Not a really a bad game but impossible to keep moving & progressing making it kinda unlikable. truly a time killer lol", "i love this game. it is so addictive. all i ask is that you consider making like a private match mode where you can challenge your friends.", "terrible balance of power, small tanks can be spawned like crazy and wreck havok. heavy tanks can spawn like crazy if opponent only has rocket people. somehow a guy spawned heavy tank after heavy tank on me and I couldn't do anything. doesnt make sense", "good game but definately a \"pay to win\" game. you don't get enough gold from winning battles to be able to upgrade cards after about lvl 4 and lvl 4 cards will not keep you competitive when you get up to tier 4 or 5+.", "So i saw everyone complaing about the hackers and troops being ridiculously OP. 3rd match in, already met a ahacker. dude has 6 tanks, and a ton of infantry in the first 10 seconds literally. i can see why people give this game a bad review.", "Wow. Not even the first pvp battle of the game and already i notice tank. after tank. after tank. im not sure but i think this game is rigger for p2w. biggest load of bs if you ask me", "Another example of a good game ruined by cheaters. Waaayy too many players using hacks for unlimited tanks/support strikes. You can't compete unless you hack the game too.", "terrible. tanks are too strong in the beginning and its nearly impossible to win unless your enemy is an idiot and even then you won't have enough time in the match to wipe them out.", "This game is awesome.need a little improvement on the card upgrade and it would be nice to see other country selection, with past General's as an extra boost.", "1st game I haven't deleted after 48 hours at least 6 months", "pretty awesome, just wish they would let the battles pan out instead of a time limit", "Great game so far. Still finding tank spammers.", "pretty good game so far. takes your money like every other fame out there. gameplay is good.", "Iove it but the main menu theme it's so boring please make it more interesting for millennials who wants to play your game and also to make it up.", "fun at first but once you get to level 5 and 6 you play against players how are levels 8 and 9. that win every time cause they have everything unlock and way more powerful units. there nothing can do not unless you spend real money to level up your units. cause you get nothing for losing. so you can...Full Review", "Its ya boy AceHood, love this game and my clan. Download today and start playing now", "loving the game , gold should be easier to get as levelling up soon gets hard but my major problem is this game absolutely drains my battery. can't play too long before having to put phone on charge!", "it's fun but i feel their bots control the game I've noticed my troops taking longer to get out then usual in some games and somtimes they don't come out at all I would never spend money and that's why I won't level up p2p game", "Everything is good, but I have the suggestion to add PvAI mode like the Against AI mode, for practice.", "this is a real life combat game im likeing the inprovments you guys have been makeing. \ud83d\ude0e", "I like the game but my issue is that I've lost so many games to lower grade people because numerous tank are coming which I can't get how quickly they are produced by the enemy and then followed by the calling cards. Also lower the time of ammo crates as stacking takes days", "Great Game. Good strategy game where you play others from around the world. It would,be nice to play some AI games so you could practice tactics but maybe this will come later.", "Great game I would recommend some changes but over all good game to play.", "So I'm playing alot of game right and I'm paired with a level 5 and I'm a level 3 cause I just started and he had all this stuff I still beat him but I'm always paired with people one or two levels ahead of me and it's annoying other than that great game fix that and I give it a five star", "i love it....as far as the radio operator goes he will frustrate you but the trick is to listen to his intro signal & hit the jeep delivering him wth a dive bomb or some artillary,then he wont even get on the battlefield,ya gta time it rite but its a ONE shot kill ....issue fixed", "i like the game tho i wish the gun pits last longer im honsetly considering putting money in this game but this game should become more android friendly like i experince glitches more then my friend who was a iphone but its honestly a good game most def worth your time", "Made in app purchase and never received the package. Emailed customer support twice with attaching the receipt to prove Visa charge, no response at all. COMPLETE RIP OFF!!!! TAKE YOUR MONEY & NEVER RESPOND!", "don't play unless you have lots of money to throw away was fun for 2 days now can't compete losing to ppl 2 levels lower than me I even spent some $ got to win about ten games now hit a roadblock, great game was fun not anymore maybe if I spend another 10$ I'll have fun for another 10 minutes", "A very cool game i love it and its definitely different from other games that i have played", "super addicted games more improvement like nuclear bombs", "well..the game so much fun and i get addicted to it, i realized some troops ar unbalanced and its so hard to win (Because other players keep summoning tanks and radio operators throughout the battlefield)", "great game. could use a few balance tweaks, and definitely needs to be able to play with the phone sideways, camera angle wont be an issue if you just have the battle horizontal and change the sizing of the UI", "amazing, sometimes it takes time to connect to the wifi. should make an offline mode", "Very Good Game Play... Graphics are cool... a lil lag at times... takes too long to level up...but all and all not bad..", "what is wrong with this game I'm in level 3 and I can't defeat a player in level 1 uninstalled.", "love this game. Its addicting and fun I cannot get enough.", "there's some strategy but but not much excitement bedsides having a group. After that it becomes a tad bit boring", "Love thr concept.. hope there will be more cards to play.. Will play it again in the future..", "great game , give it sometime and you will learn all the tactics", "great game, get bored of all the others and play this!!", "you get paired with people way more upgraded with no chance of win no matter how solid your tactics major pay to be the best kind of game", "I been looking for a game and this is a great one. fun and full of strategy", "Developers keep removing my reviews so dishonest company. Pay to play, if you don't spend money you will be massively outclassed. Big hacking problem that has yet to be addressed. Servers are bargain basement type, expect temporary disconnects 15 to 20 times a match making it unplayable.", "I wish there's a limit to how many tanks you can spawn so there won't be tank spammers.plz stop tank spammers", "Game is good but earning money is so hard can you do something about this..", "game was fun until the radio operator showed up. unless you spend close to 100 dollars theres no way to beat the other person who uses him. game is pay to win.", "this game is most suitable for 2v2 so please add 2 v 2 in the game.", "Very good game...full of app hackers unfortunately. Devs need to do more to combat this. Also no way to call people out or flag it.", "great game then supercell and any other games new experience", "Fjnally a great commanding game with real time results and intense combat", "love it!!! so much strategy, upgrades come pretty frequently", "War - war never changes... or does it?", "The game it self is awesome but when you send out 4 to 6 tanks most of the tanks get stuck and don't shoot until the other tanks move so that's lame", "better then any this kind of game. more realistic,", "Very competitive, you got keep on your toes.", "After giving the game a chance ive come to really enjoy it", "When I got this game I thought I'd win a couple of times but it gave me opponents that were 5 levels higher than me and I could not get a win", "its addicted,dont play it!", "I've really been enjoying the game. Mechanics seem pretty decent. I would really like to pick the nationality that I play. I'd like to choose whether to be the axis or allies. Being able to choose would make the game a more personal experience.", "its fun,addictive,lots of action,but got alot of issues,eg:-too much network ingame issues,very very very poor reward system for battles,need more ground vehicles option,matches wayyyyyyyyy too short,dont get enough time to develop your strategy and army during play,if you make a repetitive type gam...Full Review", "stupid game .. other player used cheat mode and hacking..", "A fun 1 on 1 WW2 themed strategy game.", "it's fun but it's a expensive pay to win with little to no balance. there's a tower card if you dont have it and you opponent does you lose. bring your wallet if you want to win.", "The freaking \"fight\" button doesent work!!! I press it and after it gets to 32% load it goes back to the main page.", "I had money stolen from me. I went to purchase a bundle and did not receive my purchase. this has been over 12 hours and I have not heard back from support DONT NOT PURCHASE ANYTHING FROM THIS DEVELOPER.", "a really fun fast-paced strategic game..", "keep losing signal during game play need to fix the problem", "Have had a great experience playing this game so far. It's the first game that I've come across that manages to capture everything I enjoy in this style game :D", "I CANT STOP PLAYING IT...", "great fun game! unexpected and loving it.", "Best CELL PHONE GAME OUT THERE.", "an acceptable game on all levels of mobile game play.", "there's too many cheating players you can't win what's the point of the game if everybody's going to beat your ass like there is no tomorrow it's a f****** game fix it I won't tell you again", "delicius game.. will not boring play this", "Unless you can be a wallet warrior, do not attempt", "it's the best game ever I like this game it's challenging", "the gameplay was good. i recommend it to other players. \ud83d\ude0a", "terrible matchmaking forces you into losses regardless of skill", "brilliant game but noticed the opponant seems to send more troops and more frequent than i can send dont stand a chance against most", "WWII version of Clan Royal, fun game", "everything is great except the update erased my OP points and my rank ops 1,2,and 3 got erased ?????", "It was fun until i hit rank 6, now im always outmatched, even fighting rank 10s. I never win anymore, so ill probably stop...paying and playing.", "good mix of shooter n card game", "Who cares it is copy of Clash royale. Game is perfect.", "Started of good but then realise that they is not strategy involved the person who wins is the person who's tanks are the best as that's all anyone produces", "awesome, reminds company of heroes games, \u2665", "good game but a total pay to win game going to uninstall as I have players lower lvl and lower points wiping me clean and I barely touch them I got lvl 6 and 7 troops but only 2 rare they make you pay to get higher grade cards it's a shame as is a good game", "Fun game. Just what I was looking for", "great game! clashroyale with a twist.", "YOU FORGOT TO ADD THE SOVIET UNION!", "this game doesn't download properly.", "all over good just improve ui and add a generales option where we can choose our general and every generals have extra speciality", "please add a D-DAY where objective is to destroy 3 bunkers", "really fun. Addictive too!!", "Addictive strategy game , was hooked on 1st play. game keeps freezing and interrupting the flow of the game.", "it's so fun and I love it so much", "pretty neat little time killer :)", "Awesome game well done devs !!!", "The oppsostion can place things on yiur side when you have ear control of the area FIX IT", "great game super addicting but gold could be easier to get feel like you have to spend money on the game to get anywhere.", "Awesome time consuming strategy game .", "good game still needs improvement's but i have some issue I'm foolish man who spends money on these types of games and i have screen shots of not getting what i paid for the first two were those 2x.99 then just now with that 30,000 gold for 9.99 smh i was really starting to like this game i ended up...Full Review", "Not for me, not much strategy involved,cant choose what side your units go down or place them anywhere,just ckick and watch", "Liked it at first but if you lose you get nothing and in my experience your pitted against players with a much higher level so your lucky to win 1 out of 10 matches so can't really level up as you lose points for losing the match so where's the fun in that?", "good game real time combat", "Having great fun and easy to learn", "great game no complains recommend", "good game challenging very likey", "Great Game I like it. \ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a", "It's a really good game but there are only a few units that can be used so more units would be really good and more german cards.", "good idea but seems unbalanced as some players send 3-4 tanks straight off...but only start with 10 points", "I dont normally write a review but i am enjoying this so far really good game", "Great and fun game ^_^", "Pretty good so far, level 4. Maybe ease the time scale? \ud83d\ude05 Add some aestetics or countries? \ud83d\ude0a", "This is the game that I am looking for!", "good game. seems like it has the algorith slanted at times.", "great game fun!!", "the new update erased all of my op points???", "fun, no ads.", "quality game good graphics", "lots of fun enjoy it immensely", "Good one for time pass", "A very good game", "The Bomb Make More Upgrades", "let's see how good this game is.... need fix the wait time for ammonium box's. and add more gold for win in games.", "Enough is enough, slow, frustrating, boring.", "Love it very addictive.", "awesome, fun game", "starting. good fun", "sucks get so far then you can't go further I'm not paying money", "great game to kill time", "great game great to play \ud83d\udc4d", "very good game :)", "Addictive game, been playing for a month now and really enjoy it", "great game \ud83d\ude0e \ud83d\udc4d", "it is a pay to win game...if you don't buy, you will surely lose in the long run...good game at the start but later you will found that you could not win anymore because others buy with real money to have the advantage...what a waste...\ud83e\udd11\ud83d\ude31\ud83d\udc4e uninstalling..", "game matching is unfair uninstall", "I don't like it when they put you up against someone that it 3-5 higher level than you."], "Game of Warriors": ["opened the game this morning and it worked fine, now the graphics are messed up, says bank requires internet connection (which I'm always connected to) and has a red square that says Rage On and freezes. 1 star till issues are fixed", "decent game interface only downfall that Ive seen and botice up to this date is that it lack of creativity in its options on upgrades and events!", "good game and is really enjoyable and addicting but THE only reason I rated 4 stars is because of the adverts other than that its great.", "n0thing happen in this update im in all max level", "fun to play, easy mechanics and easy to.learn. all round pretty good. like the upgrade and tech levels too. Thanks team", "game is totally fun and have a lot of upgrading unit army options. I really like it . thank developers", "conquer the world check destroy kingdoms check become Overlord check 5 stars", "Awesome game .... I like it ...... and i was waiting for this type was game for a long time ... thx guys..... good job\ud83d\ude01", "it's a little to basic and easy for me but it's alright to kill time with", "I like the role play of the game it's very cool and building a wall dang cool \ud83c\udff0\ud83d\udd28\ud83d\udea9\u2705", "so far so good, it's ok to kill time and free to play", "not the good but the best game ever made,", "it's good for me I don't have time typing I gotta play Game of warriors", "this game is so cooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooollllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll i loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee it it is so cool it is the coolest game I ever seen I love this game lllllllllllll...Full Review", "thanks for the free gold. solid TD game", "its fun its like war how the notez and the Amarican", "I love this kinda game great way to kill time", "very nice game at boring time", "Its Just Crate!Lmao", "Really good it's bin 2 or 3 years ever since I started", "good but graphics is not good improve graphic", "Helps the time go by but that's about it .", "the game offered me stuff", "rat hay va kho", "DIS GAME SO GUT", "ok not that good", "this game is very fun and cool It's hard but easy in a way", "i likethis game alot", "its a great game when i first played it i got adicted and played for an hour straighrlt its agreat game", "nice and easy, good way to waste time...", "this is a love this game but i think a so hard this game\ud83d\ude23\ud83d\ude23\ud83d\ude23\ud83d\ude23", "it is best war game i ever played", "great game but you have to grind a lot so beware", "Was good and fun", "nice addicted game as well", "nice gameplay but poor graphics overall its okay", "I like the strategy", "kept me engaged", "ok so far", "its a additing game", "Just started but pretty cool. Definately worth trying.", "decent game good time waster fun", "very cool game", "its a great game", "nice app ever and very low mb only74", "great game my seven year old loves it", "it's good be the graphics can use a little more.", "this is lot of interesting game feeling exciting with this game", "Nice laid back game, like the interface.", "easy to learn, fun to play. well done !!", "It is osim.", "like it!", "Game is addictive for sure, but I like it :)", "pretty fun after like 20 min.", "I love the game it just feels natural", "it is a really good game you should download it", "this is a very good game keep it up!", "not a bad time burner for a 12 hour shift", "cool it's easy to play good job", "lots of fun", "50 lakh", "its nice i like the new update", "an excellent game to make time pass", "best game ever please download", "Nice game , enjoyable. Good graphics.", "I like it", "Amazie game", "rated this for gold", "super addicting", "mast game", "soma pal", "time waisted", "like this game", "O k", "yh man", "Ok game", "i love it because you prutect wut you love", "a good time waster", "it is a relly fun time killer.", "love it. grate game play", "a great game \ud83d\udc4d fun to play", "ok", "like it.", "This game is very good", "good game so far", "the game is the best Thank you", "its soo good nic", "Sooo happy", "funny\ud83c\udf13", "there is a copy of this and it's better", "nice", "It's entertaining!", "For me is amazing!!!", "awesome really good.", "nice game. addictive", "it's a very good game", "It is so fun\ud83e\udd24", "It's so cool", "thanks devolopers for another best app games\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "really nice!", "so fun!!", "bad", "cool story bro", "very good game", "not bad at all", "OK game\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "I really like it", "it is the best game ever", "great amazing BRAVVVVBO", "this game very amazing", "Smooth and easy to learn", "Very good game", "great fun game", "Not a bad game", "its good enough", "good for passing time", "ist very good", "too much fun", "best experience gather", "very good game", "best game ever", "very nice game", "this game is simple and fun", "Very good game", "it is the best game ever", "Best Game of warriors", "This game is cool", "its really good", "it works really good", "deady", "very very good game", "so far so good", "It's entertaining", "good game", "very nice", "nise", "kakala", "wow", "ilike", "okAy", "niggaa", "mint", "shiv", "likey", "Chaise", "\u0628\u064a\u0633", "goog", "optional", "ok", "wow", "is peaurful", "Ok", "astig", "OK", "sssj", "it's a nice game", "super", "ss", "cooll", "awesomme", "fgg", "mast", "Funny", "lind", "wow", "Ok", "mehh", "xx", "aweaom", "b h", "like", "Ok", "ggh", "clifton", "because", "ok", "nicr", "oweee", "ok", "\u0627\u0627", "wow", "Alright", "i like", "fasting", "okay", "heh", "it's not bad", "It's cool.", "outstanding game", "So Great.", "nice Game", "nice Game", "the game is great", "its so cool !!!!!!!!!!!!", "\ud83d\ude0e", "\ud83d\ude01", "\ud83d\ude0a", "\ud83d\ude0a", "Very nice", "good game"], "Car Mechanic Simulator 18": ["LOVED THIS GAME!! Recommended it to my younger relatives and they all reported that they gained knowledge from using the app. As much as they loved the game, their attention spans must be fed continuously. Their requests: More opportunities to win \"G coins\" (not money), completed cars being \"driven\"...Full Review", "this game so funny,(not) Hey I've got 78 Bronco needs a transmission, If someone would like to pay me\ud83d\udcb0 and put it in. I'll take the highest bidder!!\ud83d\udcb8 no ads!!! \ud83d\udca1\ud83d\udca1And if there's a home cleaning app\u26fa Please let me know I would like somebody to pay me to do my dishes\ud83c\udf7d\ud83d\ude2c", "I'm glad I waited yo review this game, originally I thought it was awesome, then just like most games nowadays.. they try to suck you into paying real money to continue. So the tools part i can understand they want you to play a good amount before being able to do everything and advance so far in th...Full Review", "Solid mechanic sim game; helps you learn about the many parts of a basic car. The only downside is, unlike the PC version, you can't actually test drive the cars, so the game is purely for managing repairs and sales. Still, very informative if you wanna learn about what generally goes into your car.", "Love this game! i decided to buy the full version to get rid of ads and such and it helps me see how certain things generally go together on cars its nice since i have an old car im working on. no its not down to every nut, bolt, gasket etc. but its very helpful and fun. quick tip, if you need to up...Full Review", "It's not great,if you don't want to spend any real money on the game. The gold coins,which you need to bid for cars get used up very quickly so when you run out of gold, the game becomes pointless and unplayable. The tool situation is also ridiculous, if you don't upgrade your tools then you will be...Full Review", "Fun game, but game is driven towards making a purchasento be able to upgrade tools to fix more cars. Every car I get has parts I can't replace. Game advances before I have enough (in game money) to upgrade my tools. So now I'm stuck can't do anything unless I make a purchase. Not paying to play.", "This game is terrible. Not even a minute into the game and they want $10 to turn off only most of the ads. During my first build they played 6 different commercials. Hey developers, give people a chance to decide if they like the game before you hammer them for money. Uninstalling", "Disappointing game design. Can't get ahead in game without fully fixing cars. Can't fully fix cars until you can buy top tools. Can't afford top tools without watching a week's worth of commercials. Once you do all of that, glitches make it so you still can't fully fix cars. If you are able to avoid...Full Review", "It's a great game but u need more cars more parts maybe b able to modify the look better as in body kits different rims. And also a way we could fix certain parts that isn't damaged to badly. U guys could make this a greater game if u just add somethings to it.", "I like how you take things apart in layers rather than parts like engine or exhaust. I also like how you don't have to take the screws out and the bolts either. Overall this game is 5 star. Could you add it so that when you paint the car it is free for the 2nd or third time for that specific paint? ...Full Review", "Lots & lots of adds that ruin any game play, Unity destroys apps with far too many long adds any potential the app had is soon lost. Unity knows this but does not give a krapp about its clients or customers.", "I played this game for a few years now (including the pc version) always love it. But there's still a little more bug, the front wheel hub that I just mount got stuck, can't be dismount but I could always mount a new one, I put the car away for now. And just notice that there's 2 Serpentine Belt - B...Full Review", "the game is great, Except the ads to by gold for the game. i already spent about $30 and bought the one that delete unwanted ads, it lasted about 12 hrs then it was back interrupting my game. its so persistant that it interferes with the game. i already showed you im willing to spend money you dont ...Full Review", "Was good at first liked the graphics and changing different parts etc. But the ads seemed to get more and more and more... turned into infomercials now, and the profits on each car is the same no matter how much is fixed so easy money watch an ad respray, watch an ad, sell/watch an ad repeat,", "Absolutely ridiculous amount of ads. I counted 8 while fixing one engine. that's not even counting the ones i got while fixing the car body. The random camera rotation while not currently placing a part makes it very hard to select.. and having to click other parts of the car to move from one side t...Full Review", "I rated it five stars first but changed it to four. Even tho I am enjoying this game because I'm learning a lot of things, I have one issue. There is only zoom in zoom out. I can't drag it if I'd like to go to the rear part. It wouls be easier if aside from zooming in and out and rotating, I could a...Full Review", "I play CMS 2018 on PC, this is just a disgrace to the game. It's a copy paste gameplay on repeat. This game had me bored after the second car I fixed. I even bought the starter pack to see if that would make it any better. Which it didn't. Do not waste your time with this game.", "always crash on my MiA1 version Android Pie (v.9) when ads popup appears and closed the popup. The Ads very disturbing. Please fixed the bug cause the game so interested for me.", "I think I broke it. I can fix cars anymore I don't get calls. but besides that the game is boring I expected it to be like the pc version but on unity, I was wrong. Bad gameplay and Ad Overflow. I don't really like this game on phone nearly as much as I do on my PC. Disappointing.", "I didn't enjoy this any more than the PC game, and at least the PC game doesn't constantly badger you to buy a starter pack and throw adverts at you while you're in the middle of a job. I knew you were greedy PlayWay but damn. This is pathetic. Just stick to pushing 20 different DLCs for a game you ...Full Review", "Will give a 5 star rating once the glitches are taken care of but other than the garage and vehicle screen's glitching off and on, I love the app and the attention to detail is spot on for most part. Definitely a great time waster and for free, I can't really gripe too much.", "The game has a great concept and could work really well on mobile but, there's just nothing to do. It's really fun for the first couple cars but after that, it's just the same thing over and over. It's worth an install to fix a couple cars then uninstall, definitely don't spend any money on it thoug...Full Review", "The game is very fun, especially for future mechanics. The only problems that I have encountered and want to see changed about the game is the paint, after repainting the vehicle and leaving and re-opening the app, the paint was missing or discolored. when I was rebuilding the engine for the Vagner ...Full Review", "It's a great game but it's also sad that it has a little selection of cars to repair. Otherwise it's a great game for starting to learn about vehicle engeneering. If it is possible please add some more known car model(like Lemborginni Hurracan or The Nissan GTR or even the Ford Mustang", "this game has potential, for some reason it won't let me disassemble by holding down on the part that needed replace. There should be a help section in case the walk through wasn't detailed. Or maybe add a button to click that removes the part after it is highlighted.", "I've spent 90% of my play time fighting the camera. Good luck getting spark plugs out. I'll just stick with the PC version. Also, the ads popping in right as you focus on the part you need is really annoying.", "Way too simple. Looks and feels alot like the real game on PC, but you're basically constantly doing the same thing: Find barn, buy car, fix car, sell car repeat. Very repetitive gameplay. The potential is there and I don't expect a fully fledged CMS game for free on Android, but this gameplay is ju...Full Review", "Game is fantastic. It's very similar to the PC version. The only thing I wish to ask is more car types and maybe customizations such as stickers, headlight types and bumpers. Other then that it's great!", "Love this app. I'm an Aircraft mechanic, but started with vehicles first and the exploded view of the parts are phenominal. Is there any way to order more than one of the same part? EX:I need 8 spark plugs. but I have to order one at a time instead of 8 at once. lastly will there ever be interiors o...Full Review", "This game is fun and a great time killer. The reason it only gets 3 stars is because once you have bought the top tools, the cars are the same over and over and gets quite boring. Unfortunately I have to uninstall.", "This game is very addictive but gameplay is not running smooth because every i repair all parts of cars. I got experience of lagg and then my phone keep crashing and start power please fix this I WANT THIS GAME EVER !! PLEASE MAKE SMOOTH UI SYSTEM. I WILL CHANGE MY RATE IF THIS PROBLEM RESOLVED.", "PC game was better! Should be able to change panels, windows, spoilers rims when fixing the body. There is a certain car you can never reattach the timing chain or gear just show you to install timing cover. More variety of cars deffently!!! Goals so you can achieve things. Really need to be updated", "Not as good as the PC version (different developer) and is much dumbed-down and simplified. Inventory management is a pain because it only allows selling one item at a time and resets to the top after selling an item. I like the body work gameplay of rubbing out rust but that's all there is to it. T...Full Review", "it was ok. very good game just whwn u start upgrading parts you dont make much money due to you not being able to take apart every piece because you dont have the right level of tools. this end up you only making a few hundred or less cash whwn you need to make 250k to upgrade your tools. its a ok g...Full Review", "Overall the game plays well, and it's fun to take things apart and to remember what parts you need when you go to buy them. But this game totally lost me when I realized I could flip the cars for 1k to 2k profit without even doing any work to them. Granted you have to watch a video each time you sel...Full Review", "this game will treat you like a king at first but the more and more I played it the more and more I got angry at it when I click on a part sometimes it will just decide when it wants to be removed and the camera is terrible you need to click on parts to get from one side of the car to the next and a...Full Review", "It's a great game but when I try to play it it makes the screen go black and then it says a problem has happened. Plz fix this immediately", "Interesting game for someone with no mechanical ability like myself. My MAJOR gripe is at level three tools you also need to get RIGHT AWAY tools level 4&5 otherwise yoy wont get any 100% repairs on any further cars. Also the bs ads that you have to spend 10 dollars to get rid of is super stupid (ye...Full Review", "Knowingly this is still early for this app, please take into account, my review because everybody want this needs to know how terrible it is on battery life! I didn't play for 10min.& my device was warming more MUCH than normal, & i have a very quality device, 18.7% for less than 10min. use not the ...Full Review", "Ausome but please make it just like the pc version of car mechanic with all the things the pc version of it has! Also please make the ads go away for the next couple updates like 3 updates then slowly start putting the ads back in! Please!?", "Love this game! It's addicting and fun! Sometimes have a glitch with the camera stuttering in my garage when it's empty, but I turned off auto rotate and it fixed the problem", "Wow I'm a custom car bulider, i thought this would be fun for my son and my self to play on are down time. It's actually less boring watching paint dry...", "Love this game but i dont like how it forces me to spend gold or watch videos to make money please look at making it an option to spend money instead of pushing it on us but overall quite realistic and i love it but would like to see more on the body repair side and would like to test drive cars", "too many pop up ads\u2026 there are some bug where i cant assemble front hub\u2026 try 3 time the part keep missing\u2026 i have play car machanic simulator 2015 ( pc ). this mobile virsion is ok\u2026 bugs & ads\u2026 damn\u2026", "nice gameplay, i like the graphics and game itself, the idea of it, but controls, mama mia is so so bad, changing parts gets much more difficult because of controls.., u can't move freely from one part to another, its just a headeche, probably uninstalling only because of controls, really really suc...Full Review", "Great game, needs more exterior repair options, like headlights, bumpers and tires, two tone paint. The ads are annoying, but not so bad you can't play the game.", "I've replaced the same hub 7 times now and it disappears. Meanwhile, here I am as a tech wondering if it's my automotive technical schooling that's failed me, or the game. I'm not pointing fingers, just asking for help. Thanks", "I like the game but it's boring to do the same old cars every time with no new ones and I would love to customize my car like putting a different engine in or different head like a blower and different tires .", "Amazing simulator. done an amazing job you should have a bike simulator also! done amazing job in animations .... just one request if I could remove the blacking out screen animation ... although its cool but it would be more comfortable that way... please van you do it for me thanks", "You need to get level5 tools at start(pay up!) Or just buy and sell car not fixing them, becouse if you not fix them 100% you profit allways 1-2k , so dont waste time buy/sell . Allways says you need better tools ,you buy tools next car need next tools and so on, you canot fix 100% without paying th...Full Review", "It's awesome game i like it. I like game crafting. But please add test car mode and i have suggestion for u develope if u want can u make game like laptop building simulator? But if u can't don't necessity\ud83d\ude01", "The prices aren't realistic: $150 for a battery? Seriously. And, when removing bad parts... if, say i.e, a upper control arm, and its bushings, are all bad. Just allow the control arm to be removed WITH the arm. When shopping, allow a quantity (\u00d7___). Having to buy 6 individual spark plugs is a both...Full Review", "Where to start, firstly the game has nice graphics, but the controls takes some getting used to. Once you master the controls I find the game play has a few minor issues. Firstly you need tool set level 4 to actually disassemble and rebuild even the basic cars. This means I am now stuck waiting for ...Full Review", "Im stuck with old tools, i cant fully repair any car to get repair bonus so i just flip them for 10% more by watching the video. This is car selling simulator.", "Got to repair two autos which took all but 15 minutes. Then they make you wait 45 minutes before you can work on another one or spend gold (that is a premium) to speed up the wait.", "Concept is good and graphics looked great but it wouldn't let me remove parts to fix cars. Some parts could be removed, others acted like I wasn't touching it.", "Too many ads. Plus there's isn't really any rewards when you finish fixing up the cars. Needs more attention to detail. Can get boring quick.", "Please make this game just like in the pc because the car that i want to buy they didn't show the task that we want to build and the tools situation is ridiculous after i buy the tools 4 i stuck because i can't take out the engine parts please make this game just like the pc one PLEASEE", "The concept is great, but it's very difficult to gain G's (which you need) without purchasing them. Extremely slow paced as well :(", "Fun learning experience. this game is really fun and if you enjoyed the mobile version the computer version is alot better. that being said in the beginning you have to grind alot but it helps you learn parts by name so i only docked one. i highly recommend this game.", "I love your game but when next update comes out you should make were you can work on the tires,change the body's. But overall if I could I rate it 10000000000000000000000 I would", "Though the game is a good concept, I don't think it was executed well. From trying to select damaged parts to the very minimal options to customize", "Seemed like a good game for 10 minutes but then wouldn't let me do key things and kept playing ads at random times. Disappointing", "Disappointing game tells me to upgrade my tools but I don't have any money I can sell my car but it will just give me 21000 and I have 30000 but I need 100000 to upgrade my tools I am stuck.", "This would be great if more elements of the PC version were brought into this, once you max out the tools and repair all the cars available you are just stacking cash. Would be great to visit a junkyard and bring something back from the dead \ud83d\ude0e", "I have always been interested in car mechanics but never had the time or money to get into it. I think thats why i love this game so much. Still it could use some updating like adding in some custom or performance parts. Also the body work is very limited i would like to be able to buy body kits or ...Full Review", "simple, easy to understand interface that shows the major parts in car repair, good for learning about working on cars before 2000', there's alot more involved in vehicle repair then shown in this app, as it doesn't show or tell you how to remove or replace the parts. this is a game \"simulator\" not ...Full Review", "For me personally, this game is absolutely amazing. Its the most detailed car repair simulation game on the play store to date. It never lags, very smooth and clean graphics. It requires quite a bit of dedication to save up enough money for tools but if you know what your doing, you'll have max leve...Full Review", "Great graphics and platform but the controls are horrible. I can highlight the part to remove but nothing happens when I push and hold to remove. Tried several parts and nothing. No help section or a tutorial after the beginning. Uninstalling.", "Its cool at first, but it started crashing whenever I try to use it about five minutes after I installed it. Please fix this, as it seems like a really enjoyable sim!", "This game needs a lot more editing and adding newer parts and cars. Also I think you should be able to modify the car however way you want to in order to make the car in your style.", "Don't waste your time. Instead making normal game and ask for 10$ upfront no they will keep asking you 5$ every week to keep progressing. If you don't pay then you don't get a anywhere.", "Yes I like the game graphics are quite good to be fair. Love the idea of repairing older cars in a game been looking for a long time and here it is. Hours of repairing cars on this thing it's addictive 100%. Shame about the selection of vehicles is the same over and over again despite spending MORE ...Full Review", "Great stuff! Lots of game's detail but it would be best if you develope system for car's selling prices to be fluctuating, rather than just watching ads for better prices.", "Love this game, really simple controls, if you're playing for a bit of fun and relaxation then there's no need to worry about spending real money, the game is generous with the cash it gives you and I'm yet to run out. Detail on the car parts is great, would recommend!", "Before I gave this game one star due to a misunderstanding by me, overall this is the best game for me i do love restoring vehicles and this is the most addictive game so far, I enjoy playing it everyday and even bought the starter pack to help the developers of this game hope you guys enjoy as well...Full Review", "A few hours ago I purchased Starter Pack as in-app purchase. Payment has been done twice as an error.I sent an e-mail. Want to cancel the second transaction.Please help.", "Too buggy to play... buy a part, fit a part, then it vanishes and you can't ever fit it no matter how hard you try. This game hours from a fun distraction to sheer frustration after an hour of play time, you can no longer fix cars as you can't afford the tools and only making a tiny profit per car t...Full Review", "developers are very greedy. i paid 8 dollars for starter pack and it gets you nowhere. very disappointing. The concept is good.", "Great idea but poor execution. Hard to hit the correct parts to assemble and disassemble the cars. No s pen support. Autoplay ads were the final nail in the coffin.", "Color is not right. Needs more gold options on winning gold points cant do nothing when you run out. other than that good game", "Some buttons are so small like back button, it's impossible to press them such garage game, I can't even play more than a minute because of it", "great way to kill time.. love all the people who actually took their time to write a bad review. This game is not meant for adults to whine and cry over.", "Can u add things u can put on the truck and cars like led light bars, brush guards, and power test to see how much power the vehicle has and see about putting the actual name of the vehicles to make it even better", "Nice game. You learn while you play, just like kids learn. Is worth paying the $8 for the \"starter pack\". You get rid off the ads and help this guys to keep working on the app.", "Great game but needs improvement on controls and it would be great if you could customize like rims,special paint job and engine performence also to be able to take the car on a test drive would surely become one of the best car mechanic game", "its wonderful the graphics are great, how ever i believe could use a dyno and proformance mods so we can gain money faster also a test area where we can test the overall rating of the car like a test track where we can drive the cars we restore. overall best style of game for android ive learned a l...Full Review", "If I or someone else press the \"sell\" button,it will reset the time to 3 hours again and again. People like me hate this thing if they check the bugs precisely.", "If we can fix the outer part of the car and test drive it and there's a wole junk shop that we can choose or buy our car to fix and more car and sports car that will be epiiiiiiiiiic", "Poor camera control, WAY too many ads, not very educational at all, only had this 2 days and I'm not keeping it. too hard to build cash flow at beginner stages. Too repetitive of repairs.", "Superb i love my hatchback becauce i did not buy it for a while becauce i just can't. Buy it but when you get it you can't drive it. Yet Needs real cars and to be able to get mods for the car and to drive it please please let me drive it", "Not fun first thing when you enter the app it doesn't let you pick your car it only makes you do the car it gives you and it won't even earn you money", "took my gold away even tho i didnt push the option to actually spend it. not paying real money for fake currency your game took away from me. garbage.", "Can't actually play it because all the barn finds reset to two hours every time I open the app!? Literally impossible to progress past the demo car.", "Great game only bad thing is that you have to buy expensive tools to continue even for 4l cars.", "I liked it at first but after ~3h of playing I totally hate it now. A) there are way too many ads. ~every 5 min an ad will Pop up and ~every other 5 min they will ask you to buy the starter Pack. So every 2.5min you're interrupted B) very repetitive. All cars of the same class Look the same under th...Full Review", "Need to add some good features like test drive and improve graphics also we are able to modify all parts or repair all parts not just Engine..also we are supposed to be able to cut the body and reshape the body and redesign it..", "I love this game. It gives u true knowledge of a car and name of parts to it. I believe they need to add side jobs to work on something other then cars u are repairing to sell. But so far good job and add more vehicles", "Glitchy. Sometimes cant install cam gear bc the game forces the installation of the timing cover. So your left without the cam gear and timing chain. Same thing with right wheel hub sometimes too.", "i have played this game for a week and i like the graphics and everything but the gameplay needs to be improved below is what i would love if you included in your next update 1. details such as opening screws for parts 2. be able to walk around like the pc/console version. 3. be able to use the ramp...Full Review", "Quit playing the game after 30mins becuase every 2 mins a dam ad pops up, lost the will to keep playing becuase of forced ADs", "Decent Game. Too many ads, overall fun and great time waster. I would suggest adding more cars to work on because there's maybe 10.", "Is a good game but you do not have the option to save the progress, so if you uninstall and you want to download to continue then you will have to start all over again", "TERRIBLE YOU CANT GET IN THE PARTS THAT ARE INSIDE OF OTHER PARTS ONLY ON MY SECOND CAR DELETED", "Lmao, didn't even get through the introduction and explanation part before prompting me to spend 8 dollars on something that I may or may not even need yet because you haven't even explained that part yet. Uninstalled before the intro was done.", "Its a nice game would have been better if you update the game with test drive the car after mechanics and other people come bring in their cars for fixing", "Very tedious. Like any other game pay to do anything interesting.", "It would be to customized the car body and I wish if we could test the car by driving it and also it would be better if you could go around the map see any junk cars you know it would be awesome", "I love the game , it is addiciting. But add a car dealer , a junkyard , and a test track. And in the parts shop add a preformance shop with a lot of preformance parts so we can make cars faster", "There is no point in this game. No matter what car you fix, how expensive it was to buy or how many parts you decide to replace, profit is always around 2k if you watch tge video. Doesn't matter if you justbuy and sell a damaged CRX or a fully fixed sportscar. Profit's always the same", "once the gold runs out game over it doesnt get replenished they expect you to buy gold with real money,they must be smoking crack.", "Wont remove the parts at all I got a brake servo out after some effort it is disappointing", "Glitch means it can't be played. I keep losing the front wheel hub of the onyx g200. I buy new and it doesn't register properly so I can't assemble the rest of the car", "It's a great game but it would be better if we could customize the cars so we get more money for it. And if we could keep some and race them, that would be great even though it means more space.", "Love the game, play it all the time. Wish there were more cars to choose from, and more garages. I love how simple it is to control. You don't have to worry about moving an avatar around. This is an awesome game. I can't wait to see your next version.", "can do some. more work.. ok game.. pass time can do more cars. as well be able look for them in junkyard... why isn't add to it.. needs update big time ....please DLC five star if added, pass couple week got no reply from defs on update. I complete on all builds on cars.. apart you have to pay for t...Full Review", "either put everything for sale for in game money or allow purchases and progress sincronization restored across multiple phones if that is fixed il spend money on the app and rate 5 stars", "Please, Don't show red parts..... It must open or assemble parts by mechanic...... This feature will add in CMS 2...please....\u2764 Thank You...... Awesome Games.....Real Fantastic......game ever....", "The game itself is great. Very addictive. However in the last day or so, it won't stay open for more than 2-3 minutes at a time and it shuts down. Reminds me of Gearhead garage when I was younger", "I freaking love this game it's so cool and educational I never knew all of the parts were called and where they go and now I do p.s you guys should make a motorcycle one \ud83d\ude01", "way too many adds, pushing their full version while you are trying to play the game. its not worth your time.", "Too many ads one ever 15 seconds. And very difficult to maneuver. But it has good graphics", "I didn't like it you can only replace parts and change the paint that's it if you want to customize a car give to gta 5", "I like this game, I would recommend for those who don't know their cars and learn the basics car parts. When I started learning all this, I assume that this was certain of what i was going to learn about parts of the car but learning car parts for 7 months , I can say that this game doesn't give muc...Full Review", "Please, add description of each spare part in details. Show video after fixing, how engine and other parts work (inside & outside) Add more vehicles, also big trucks & motorcycles. Add options for tuning vehicles (exterior, interior, engine, etc)", "I love this game and i own the pc verson,my biggest issue that makes it hard to play is i cant use it with my S Pen or any stylus and i wanna play it more but i just cant with my fat fingers", "you can't really do anything meaning you can't buy parts because you need to spend mircrotransactions money to get any where", "i have an issue. Everytime I assemble front wheel hub, the part does not assemble. i need to close the apps and then open back. please look for it.", "You people are fotgetting this game is originally a pc game ment to be PURCHASED WITH REAL MONEY this is basically a free trail version on mobile if u want the full bersion where u dont have to buy anything just bit the proper game i still think its pretty cool that a game like this is on mobile and...Full Review", "This game is amazing you learn a few things about cars. But it's just so hard to press some small things.", "will not allow you to disassemble all parts required... this makes you unable to complete tasks and or progress in the game", "this game is ok but could be better. once u get all the tools there is nothing to work toward. also would be great if i could buy/sell parts more than one at a time.", "I love it but the only thing I would add is more options to repair the car and add more detail to. Thanks love the game", "Few bugs that need fixing. Wouldn't let me disassemble some times", "Can you make a menu to watch the advertisement instead of pop up when still fix the car, because it's so annoying", "I bought a car and shut down me game me car was gone. But still a funny game", "Its not a bad game, I like it alot, its just too repetitive same cars you know, would give it five if it had more cars.", "Was fun while it lasted does what it says, you buy cars strip them down, fix them up and sell them on for a profit it riddled with adverts and you get to point you can't fix them with buying a tool box", "Very good but please can you add car building as do want to build my own cars", "The fact that you need gold to do almost anything makes it garbage after an hour of playing.", "The game itself is ok. Lots of adds and prompts to buy... The game has bugs such as replacing front hub, bought parts 6x times, money decreases and part doesn't update. So vehichle 97 %", "i really like this game, even i found a bug with graphics sometimes, but the game make me feel like the real engineer. bring some peace and very relaxing.. maybe good for who love ASMR too.. please DEV add more cars, family type.. truck type, big and huge car.. more sports car too.. i almost finish ...Full Review", "Game is great. But you should be able to do engine swaps in any car aswell you should be able to modify car bumpers, hoods, spoilers etc. Would love to hear from you back", "I loved this game, played it for a while, lost all of my tools and gold when I tried to play it. Wasted 15 bucks", "This is a good game with spoilers.. just wish the developers would just charge for the cost of the game at the start..instead of having all the pay to win c### .the next set of tools cost 250000. (must be Snap on) but every barn job repair has jobs that need these tools ..so you have buy gold coins ...Full Review", "brilliant game, love it!!! should have counters on store items to indicate how many you own before blindly buying other than that great game", "I was playing whel all my parts dissapeared and it says i have 80 in the warehouse but nothing is showing up", "I like the game, it's just I'm kinda of a car guy and there aren't any car brand that I recognize in this game.", "Wonderful game!! But why there is a system of Auction??! I mean plz add customer type. Where people come to your garage to repair their cars. I didn't like auction system.", "Too many ads. The first car I bought from a garage after the tutorial needed about 20 parts, 12 ads later, hadn't finished fixing the car. I deleted the game. Let a person have a chance to decide if they might actually want to play a game without spamming them with ads.", "It's time killer I like it but Its kinda hard", "After many hours, it gets old.. should've add more challenging event.. it's good tho", "Great game love the idea of how everything works helps me learn the names of parts and where they go. And an idea maybe add a semi truck or bigger vehicles i would like the truck", "A complete rip off....certain rare cars are impossible to buy no matter how much gold u use", "Its ok. Too many ads. Gets boring after a while because your always doing the same thing.", "I live the game but only 3 stars because for some reason It wont let me remove brake pads so I cant fully repair cars", "Create more supercar and quick map during playing,use same skill development like moblie legend developer,add more interested affect colour or give some backgound affect", "Do You Know What Stinks About This Game. It's Because You Can't Change The Wheels Different Just Like The One On PC, On The One On PC, You Are Able To Change The Wheels.", "worst game i have ever played DO NOT download it the cars will scale tool levels before you even have the money to unlock them not fair at all very disappointed", "9 out of 10 beacause there is no search feature in the car parts shop so it'l take a while to find the part I need. please add the shop search feature I sugested to make the users part shoping easier", "An add every 5 minutes.. during game play That's worse than commercial tv", "Ok so the second car i got, there was a abs pump i had to replace so when i bought the part, i tapped the old one so that it turned green and the held it down and nothing happened. I tried multiple times but it still didnt work.", "This is a awesome game but i ran into a glitch a wheel hub and a bearing are glitched i keep on putting a wheel hub and it keeps disapering and i allraleady wated over 400 dlls on that wheel hub... and plus there is no game support", "fun and now i have too much cash and nothing to spend it on. need more cars and allow them to be customizable.", "What we have to do in this game can anybody tell me when tutorial was going on I knew every thing but after it I do show all parts in engine to repair but how to change it I don't knew it bloody f***", "Nice game and its free i wish i can get the pc version and this is educatable for those people who wants to be future mechanics", "This game should have a system were you can test drive the car after it is fixed in different locations, this game should also add race cars, hyper cars, and supercars too...", "its an amazing game, but i think there should be some of reward for every car repair, earning money in the game is quite hard sometimes.", "Finished all the trophies. Would be great to be able to customize more. Maybe engine modify, different tires, Taller Wider tires, suspension changes, Custom Exhaust,", "It really needs The ability to zoom. It starts to zoom then goes back to normal. Plus ability to use stylus would be nice.", "Parts removal and istallation is touch screen only and doesnt respond or is glitchy", "I wish when you get the car running you can tune it and throttle it to make sure it runs other than that it's fun", "I like the game its fun only problems im having it isnt letting me repair the engines of my cars and i don't know why", "game play is ok. Game arbitrarily blocks cars because of your tool kit but lets you buy cars you can't fix. if you can't complete repairs you can't profit at all. either game needs to sell me cars my tool kit can completely repair or let the sales price slide. I'm not spending money so I can keep up...Full Review", "This needs to be compatible with Spen. Zooming in on a head is difficult when it auto selects another part and takes you to the other side of the motor or vehicle. Other than that, it's ok.", "have not had a single add yet. great game. hopin next update gives more vehicles.", "I like the game but there is problems, such as sometimes i buy parts several times and they aren't in the warehouse. Also with level 4 tools the ony cars I can buy have level 5 repairs forcing me to just repaint and sale. At this point it will take foreever to buy level 5 tools. Also the ads are ver...Full Review", "I really like this game. I think it would be better if information was given on each part as well as having an inventory list. To show how many of what part you have. So you don't have to go back and forth or guess.", "camt review the switch version so ill review it here. Not worth the download, and its the exact same thing on the switch just woth worse controls and a premium app price. garbage.", "if you want to play a good game and want to have fun don't look forward to this game unless you like ads and want to watch tons of them for weeks just to upgrade your tools you will get stuck and unless you buy starter pack or gold coins you can't play the game.", "its a pretty great game you learn some things that might come in handy and its fun but when i was playing it ,you know fixing cars i realized how much a pay to win game it is like you only make a couple hundred dollars when you sell a car u bought from a barn thats slow work and it takes 4 hours to ...Full Review", "having issue, it will not allow me to repair cars I click on the part/parts needing repair and nothing happens fix it and I'll give 5 stars because I think this game could be great and informational, awesome concept for sure", "Ugh, I didn't even get through the tutorial before uninstalling.", "it's a great game good time killer but purchased fast tool it wasn't that great how do I get my money back.", "The game was good at the start but when I got further in and I auction the car it wouldn't stop putting more and more of that same car and I can't get rid of it so yeah \ud83d\ude11", "Needs ALOT more cars like convertibles and caprices, definitely needs old fashion vehicles.", "You should really add Google save! It's stupid that I had to start game all over again because there is no Google save option :/", "The graphics and controls are pretty sucky, and the gameplay is pretty boring, so I don't really like it.", "I like cars and wanted to study its parts and this app gave me the names of the app and i am 13 years old so i will be very thankful to the creator", "The ads keep popping up unless you pay to stop it and it is very annoying", "please add not just old cars, add sportscars,suv,sedans..make it 1gb game", "cheap, ad ridden, microtransaction, garbage version of the pc game \"Car Mechanic Simulator 2018\"", "I never know the sound of the enginee after repairing and before sailing..make it like true..", "It's OK. The ads are a little bit annoying.", "It's a good game. It takes time but is fun. I recommend it if you are bored.", "Have to wait 2 hours for a tiny bit of measly gamepla? Yeah okay. Deleted.", "the game is nice but why cant i drive for a road test please upgrade it on that we should be able to be testing it not jxt fixing", "Verry nice game guys, how about adding motorcycles, and maybe integration of racing the cars and bikes we build up, but otherwise great game", "would be 5 stars if you could change the body and the inside and test drive it because it gets kinda boring after a while"], "8 Ball Pool": ["very realistic when it comes to shooting and ball interations. very few to none related adds, and just about every one I know is playing it. once played they all come back and get cought up in the many facets the game has to offer. by far the best pool app. on line. thanks miniclip been playing a lo...Full Review", "I feel there needs to be better winnings with Spins, Scratchers, add a 50k game, and don't screw with the players skills so much, and allow more coins to be won. The options to purchase coins suck too. You would sell more coins if your system was a bit more giving. You're a bit too greedy. I enjoy t...Full Review", "You guys must think I'm good. Constantly matching me up against opponents 10, 15, 20 levels higher then me.. It's so much fun getting my ass handed to me by everyone I play. I love to lose all the time. I feel so good about myself. Could you make it any harder collecting the cues, good Lord. You kno...Full Review", "If you are actually good at games, don't get this! Multiple times I ran the table only to \"run out of time\" because not only do they time each shot but all shots combined. Sure, you can buy a better cue and get more time total or play for months until you can upgrade a cue enough. Thought it was fun...Full Review", "This is a great game for everyone who loves playing pool! The only problem I have is that I have hourly spins and at times I always spin as usual for my free coins and then it disappears and I don't get my free coins from The free spins other than that that's The only problem I am having with The ga...Full Review", "everyone knows this is the best multiplayer pool game. But after the launching of pro membership, thousands of 8bp lovers have left this game and they started playing PUBG. dear miniclip, now a days everyone calls u MONEYclip.. plz make venice table free for all users.", "loved the game until I just updated it and found out I have to play people in a higher level that have been playing longer than me. a level 22 playing against 47+. not really fair. of I wanted to to play like that I would be in the tournaments which I don't. Not cool. They have played longer, which ...Full Review", "The prizes on the daily spin suck. The special rings are impossible for recreational players to get at 10 in a row. Why not just 10 games? Why make it reset? If you get to a level and lose, don't make it go back to the beginning. And too many people use cheats. Fix these issues and make it more enjo...Full Review", "Good game but sometimes because of the congested network lose out on close encountets with opponents. Update should be given after every win. Not when you complete a level. l love this game. But sometimes network issues. Please do something about this part. It spoils the content of the games. Especi...Full Review", "Its never no connection and when it is it says i foul out and my competitor will eventually win. Thats cheating. I play fair and honestly. But when my eyes follow the ball and it just goes where it wants and the game says O u ran out of time. Thats not fair please stop doing that and make the game f...Full Review", "is undiscribible I spend hours compiting with people of all nationality. is very cool! at the beginning this game was cool, but I don't know what happened that won't let you play with your friends. keep saying stupid thing about they are not using and updated version and force you to remain them thr...Full Review", "Great game! 4 star because it keeps going offline at some critical times and make you lose the game. Would be good if the game brings you to the lowest stake game (or carry to the last value game previously played) by default. Otherwise, it's fun as long as you don't take it too personal. Play for f...Full Review", "I'm having glitches that put me in to play games I barely have coins to play with. I used to be able to back out within a certain amount of time an now I can't. So if I quit, I just lose points. This has happened 3 times to the point where I have no coins to play 2500 game. please fix this. I'm read...Full Review", "to computerized the balls do not travel true. It's aggravating. There are crooked people playing in your gaming system. I think I am deleting your game?They are able to pause the game in the middle of a shot. Stop my cue in the middle of a shot. freeze my tablet all the time in the middle of a game....Full Review", "addictively fun game! love the visuals, your cues and pool tables look majestic and great variety in game modes. My only wish is ranked matches, I dont play any of the modes where the bet is greater then 5k cause it's to risky due to half the time I get matched up with someone with may more experien...Full Review", "I play this game 24/7 but there is like 2 things I don't like, 1. when I tap the cue ball soft to the ball I'm hitting about a inch away, it pass up my turn but when my opponent does the same thing it keeps the cue ball where it's at. nd 2. some of the pool sticks are too expensive, there should be ...Full Review", "I keep getting the cue messed up because the contols overlap. With no notice I will often get about 5 seconds to complete a shot. It always seems to be right as I'm about to win the game. It's as if I'm not allowed to beat certain players. Very VERY frustrating game. I'm liking it less and less all ...Full Review", "My main reason I got this app was to play with my family and friends!! So I sign in through Facebook and come the find out only 3 of Facebook Friends was able to play with me the rest can't find my on the game Invite or the games Friend List!!! Plus When I go to the games Friend List it doesn't show...Full Review", "it is a really fun game... but the makers should allow people to put cues that they dont use anymore into a personal shop and allow them to give a certain amount of coins, cash, and/or cues to whomever they want... i bet alot more people would suggest that too.", "i love to play. overall i have had a good experience however there is still an issue with cheating. There are several individuals that are able to tske your shot, put your balls back on the table after you have made a shot. it seems to be more precelant in the 100,000 and up games. There is no way t...Full Review", "Great game \ud83d\udc4d... I've been playing for a few months and my experience was a good one. The only complaint is, I went from winning almost every game to not winning a single one almost for 2weeks straight.... something seems a little off with that.", "error occurred too often that deducted my balance with no reason for example during matching opponent , or suddenly time out and lose opportunity to play. or automatically replay the game. Hope it would be more stable in order to reduce annoying/frustrating.", "Last update took all my coins ! Then I got my 25 free coins played someone (and won) didn't get my winning coins and took my 25 free coins. ....so now I have zero coins.....please fix and give me back my coins. .....my girlfriends phone did same thing so it's not just my phone", "Spin to win rarely pays out big numbers.....I won't bet more than 500 for 9 ball games, I might a much higher ranking player.im a 38. to get a 190 230 etc is fatal and a waste of time.", "best pool game there is. but whats the point in watching videos for cash when u can only buy countries cues with it now. so after uv got 40 cash n bought ur countries cue its a waste of time thereafter.", "Fix the frustrating bug that says \"you ran out off time\" when clearly there is still time left. Also the weekly tournaments i was lined up to pot black to win and it gave my opponent a ball in hand as apparently I ran out off time!!! there wasn't even a clock or count down.", "I used to love this game but miniclip needs to be more careful. miniclip should improve some game content like *when you play you get break on 2-3 continuous game snd somtimes not. if people don't get break in continuous 3 games and got denial, why should they play? *the boxes contains cue pieces of...Full Review", "I've been playing the game since 2013 and boy is it fun.. To this date, 8bp has been the most addictive game I've ever had on my phone and the one game that I've never really uninstalled ever(Actually, I rage uninstalled at times...only to reinstall it again after some time xD) I've had CoC for a lo...Full Review", "lots of intresting players. overall i enjoy it. I've been playing 8 ball for about 5 years haven't been board with it yet. They are always coming up with new ways to keep it interesting. I like shooting pool and I will be playing for alot longer. Thanks mini clip.", "Love this game! I have a huge problem getting my winnings for the week can you not make it easier to claim those winnings? I play so hard to earn them & feel devistated when I can't retrieve them!! Please make a change for all, thanks alot!!\ud83e\udd14\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\ude4f", "Either it lags so badly on android and act slow, or it cannot connect to the internet.. so sometimes when you're playing and it says the other player has internet problems or they left the game, you lose the match and lose all your money to them. An older version was perfectly working fine, no lags,...Full Review", "this game is great i cant get enough of it, but i have noticed there may be some cheaters and or bugs in the game. I would also like to point out that the mini games are rigged i never get anything other then the lowest prizes especially on spin and win. so other then the bugs/cheaters and mini game...Full Review", "suck thats theres a timer but it actually doesnt matter if the other person runs out of time and its your shot, your oppenet will still shoot, great game guys.... also, good to know you helo get rid of hackers, thays pretty great. yupppp", "I would have given it 5 stars but there are certain things that, personally, I feel is wrong with the game. When playing a much higher ranked player, it seems like shots that are no way possible to fall will, for the higher ranked player that is. When connection is slow, the game for your opponent i...Full Review", "Fun game to play but too easy to lose more coins than you wanted by accident. I lost 100,000 coins by accident and had to start over. I also have coins disappear I didn't bet. Happens daily and seems to be in 500 coin in increments. Are we penalized just for playing beside the regular bets?", "i want to play people who are equal to my level iam level 40 and iam playing people in the 70's and higher! i cant win a game to save my life, its not fun loosing over 50% of your games", "what happened to the cue power level position !? it used to be verticle to the screen . . . now it is Horizontal. this makes it difficult to play. i will 5 star if they give the option to go back to verticle power level . . . this is an Amazing! game otherwise !", "chat order will NOT hold more than a day or two. Fix it already. Also, phone regularly reboots when opening/playing adds for coins. Time to correct this serious bug. Never happens unless pool game is loaded.", "I've had a lot of fun, I've lost as well as I've won but as the saying goes \"NEVER GoIVE UP\"! I DON'T.. I'm not great but I'm not bad. I just love the game its a cool game.I just enjoy the game and I enjoy the the people I've played with they are good players.", "Very addicting! However controlling the cue stick every time you take a shot is a bit difficult to use. I hope the developer fix that so that it will be smoother next time. Thanks!", "Pay coins to play? Pay to practice? Android and ios versions are different and you can't play if your friend have opposite phone system. Not recommend.", "Good game. Freezes sometimes and your shot times out and you lose your go. Very frustrating . Fed up of people using cheats on here.", "No skill required. Game is hacked by everyone. Used to be fun to play. Shot timer is hacked, speed of shots is hacked, use of unlimited guidelines and bank shots are hacked. Something needs to be done or no one not using cheats will eventually give up.", "I enjoy playing against others. I appreciate being able to chat once you become friends, however i think you should be able to chat in your own words even if your not friends... Work on the glitches with the timing when you accidently leave, then come back to the game with your time tooken away. GIV...Full Review", "This is my favorite game. I love it!!! 6 months later review update and this is still the only game i play all the time. im addicted bad. lol #1 game ever. Thanks Mini-Clip!!!! 10 stars", "love this game, no matter what the UPS or Downs are and if somebody makes crazy shots, it's always fun. The only thing I don't like is when somebody pauses a game for five minutes because they're sore losers are they want to hurt your shooting while you're shooting.", "To many popups pushing sales at an astonishing rate. The game play is okay. Theres a lot of people quitting mid-game or right before losing... Kind of annoying. Maybe a player quit rate and improved match making system would help.", "since the update today there's been nothing but trouble. I can't bet to verse anyone or if I challenge someone it fails to challenge it's a real poor update it needs to be sorted or you will loose out on a lot of people.", "Fun& competitive. Make friends,leagues,challenging...only issue is it keeps unfriended my league players exactly every 24 hours. This has been going on about a month or so it's very aggravating as you have to wait 24 hours after you are friends to be able to talk in the game to each other. So please...Full Review", "very fun game. addicted to it. Only thing i dont like is u get away with some crazy crazy shots you and the person your playing know its not what ya meant", "For the first week or so they make it seem fun, until you get so far then they only join you up with sharks only probably to make you lose all your coins so they can make money off you buying more coins just to stay in the game. But not me... once the sharks have all been fed my coins, I'm gone!! It...Full Review", "It's a good game. can't fault it. But the only thing I would mention is, I think some of the players are robots but I could be wrong. Thanks for creating a fun and engaging game. \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c", "I had to rate this app again and I have to say this is absolutely the best game ever and want to thank the support guys once again for there quickness to refund my money when I accidentally purchased something they were very courteous and understanding about the situation thanks again guys and I hav...Full Review", "#1 IT'S SEEMS LIKE WHOEVER GETS THE BALLS LINED UP FOR THEM (WHAT EVERYONE IS CALLING AN EPIC GAME) THE OTHER OPPONENT WINDS UP LOSING 50% OF THE TIME. #2 GIVING PLAYERS THE OPTION TOO PUT THE LINE EXTENSION ON IS LIKE PUTTING BUMPERS IN THE BOWLING ALLEY. THEY CAN'T MISS. #3 SHORTENING THE TIME WHE...Full Review", "you guys could make the game alot better if youd stop all the dishonest bull for example at least ten times over the last several years i have landed on the 100000 dollar spot on the wheel right in the middle of 100000 and every time it has said you have won 100 or you have won 50 and the stuff soul...Full Review", "I will first mention negative points bcoz with a rating of 4.5 everybody ignores it but it is true. spin feature is worst. Not purely random. surprise box open is purely random. This is entirly biased.money making process. No doubt every developer wants to earn money. But it doesn't mean that u use ...Full Review", "Great pass time. Some of the game play is goofy though. For some reason it keeps wanting me to UPDATE a newer version...how so? Isn't that the developers job to update??", "thanks for letting me know about the profile picture and send it to and from the airport to the hotel and then we are good to go for tomorrow night at the hospital now you can come to me and I'll get back to you with the information and the profile pic is not the same as the profile picture is of th...Full Review", "The best ever game... I'm just addicted to it.... High quality resolution it has... And very smooth to play... Just luv it... Thanku miniclip for making this game.... It feels like it is just made for me.... \u2764\ufe0f", "Not a bad game and you can play entirely free. The tournaments are unfair - 8 players pay in but the winnings only add up to what 6 put in. Would be nice if they changed it so the total prizes given out in tournaments equate to the entry pot, same as the 1v1 games. There's a good range of play optio...Full Review", "There must be an option to ask about the bet once more because sometime one can touch the wrong bet option to play for. or there must be an option to undo after we touch the area of play the game. please condider it. so far no consideration.", "its a good game, i have to say. the only bad thing i have to say is that when u play any game they either give u a really low lvl person or a person that is a way higher lvl than you.", "Nice game... great physics almost perfect with real play. I wish they're were more players that played NO SLOP!! BUT I GUESS SLOPPERS WITH no Pride are everywheresometimes you feel likeyou get hosed but what the he'll gr8 m game.... got to hand it to the developers on this one is it super fect... th...Full Review", "way to easy t play.. even kid's can win from break off.. take the arrow away telling u were white goes b much harder", "I like this game. I was hoping had the word hurry up when you have your shot. I love this game gives you lot of practice to play on a real pool table and the fact your playing a lot off good players throughout the world.", "How is it that it accepts the slightest touch by the opponent while all my touches ended up with the ball in the opponent's hand? I just happened to pot with a soft touch and still Ih lost the ball and the game.", "losing matches cause the game glitches & undos the last shot with the message you ran out of time. used to be a good game", "well considering MiniClip have not done anything about all the Hacks and Cheats being used in the game I would rate it higher. but as for the game play, well if your an honest player than be very careful this game will suck you in and make you feel like the only way you are able to beat these cheate...Full Review", "fun game. some cue control issues but overall very fun . problems with the cue timer. some time the cue disappears and you are unable to make your shot.", "Very Nice Game to Play. I recommended this to my frnds and I am addicted of this Game but sometimes its gets Hang\ud83d\udc4d pls work on it.8 Ball Pool Rocks", "Still waiting for a call every shot, no guideline option. Also would like to see lower bet cost, call every shot 8 ball and 9 ball. Moscow just doesn't cut it, nor Tokyo. Too much opportunity for luck and slop over skill.", "Wonderful game in online platforms and I love to play. An One big problem in this game is when we playing this game if certain phone call come and I can't continue the game at the movement", "I guess you have to spend money if you want good prizes. Not one decent prize from free spins, but you want me to spend $1 for one more spin? doubt it.", "1. it makes odd man out...2.. it dos not make clean shot..3.. you make the win by skill and effert.. ( addvanst models will be better)", "It's definitely a pay-to-play game, it's impossible to get enough coins to even play occasionally unless you spend cash. Then you have players using rulers to extend their line... which takes forever!! Unless you like waiting a full 2min for your opponent to make each shot! The game itself is well m...Full Review", "Great Billiards! But is there some error with the App? I've lost SEVERAL games because it just restarts in mid play. I've uninstalled & reinstalled the app and I have an EXCELLENT internet connection with unlimited data on my phone. It does the same on data and WiFi connections. HELP....ASAP!!", "best game hands down. great physics. i would like it if you added cue elevation for swerve shots like skillz have on their game. also would like it if you can play for real money option.", "I love playing this game. After playing for some time now I've come to some conclusions. You've created way to many cues. I understand why . the wheel spins are an irretation . It would be different if a person could win something somewhat significant like 1,000 or more. I understand why. You've bro...Full Review", "it's a nice ,mindstroking,aim developing game.me and my smack group also enjoy this. but one drawback is pls offer like pool fanatic cue at lowest price", "if you like your aim being changed, your pocket being blocked, your successfully completed potted ball being taken out, and the ball Changing Hands; then this deceptive game is for you... other than that it's entertaining at best...", "I complete a action never get my pool dollar. I win some games and they say I loose I love the game and we should be able to bet real money.", "I love playing but getting sick of half way through a game it goes off and starts reconnecting only for when it comes back on iv ran out of time and lose my turn to which I then lose the game even though I was winning sick of it now sort the game out or I'll be deleting it!!!", "Great game why don't you have a Berlin win streak so people who can't win that much can play on the Berlin table,very addictive top game worth spending a couple of pounds dollar's for better cues!!!!!", "yes, admin takes advantage and deletes player's points when they lose or get upset. it's all rigged for the employees...... YouTube CLUB NEMESIS vs. ADMIN 8 BALL POOL. It shows how upset and unruling admin can be. I'm currently suspended because I won against admin. \ud83d\ude05\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02", "good game. fun to play. only reason not giving it 5 stars is because it always lags throwing you off your game and making it miss your turn.", "This game was fun but now we are unable to rematch or play any friends because the game keeps saying update. Well there is no update being offered by the play store or apple store for this issue to be resolved. Please fix the game and I'll change the rating.", "Good game. many a late night wasted away. doesnt update evenly among players for some reason though", "Should not pic venue for you if no players available in choice venue.should go back to home.a very biased grame that allows impossible shots to stand.only play it to pass time at work.still no reply about muslims on here when its against their religion to bet.not realistic at all.only after money an...Full Review", "I had originally gave this a 5 star but now only a 1, because the game restarts every like min and if you are in the middle of shot it loads up and says ran out of time. please fix one of my favorite games, but this is aggravating. thanks", "Addictivly entertaining. I lose track of all time playing this. I wish the controls were not as jumpy and I have the sensitivity set all the way low but still love this game.", "the game is very realistic, but needs a way to stop slop shots... just slamming and hoping something goes in,otherwise A-1 game", "8 Ball Pool is one of the most unrealistic pool game in history and it's due to the fact that most of the oppent you play against are all big time cheaters who hacks the games to rip off other players. I am very disappointed in this game. I rate it a no star game.", "This is a very good game to play. Not only is it like therapy for me, but it's not even stressful like live pool can be. This game is very addicting, in a good way!!!", "The new update moved the cue control to below the pool table. This is a bad placement ! TOO CLOSE ! Cost me many lost shots. Maybe this is your intent to make the game hard to play.?", "Great game very addictive, but awesome to play. Ive had no trouble with anything \ud83d\ude06 still playing and no trouble. Love the victory boxes they are awesome. Still best 8ball game out there I would not play any other game this is the best. Great job", "game skips turns and starts over in the middle of a game and you lose your tokens its truly best game i ever played in my life but it needs serious trouble shooting.game still skips.game got much better love it", "Deserve 5 star, however, sense some kind of foul play, in the name of guests and pseudo names. Game selection may be after getting 'Yes or No' confirmation, especially to high value games.", "\"The Game Is Realy Good' To Play With Friends, Easy Control, Realistic Pool Game Feel, But The Coins Are Too Limited And Expensive To Buy Please Give Some Extra points!..", "good, easy and fun game. potential to get mad though when you get 7-balled by an 12 year old kid", "hard to line up shots, click goes fast too. draw back sucks as well. about to delete game", "Gd game. The only game I've played consistently for a years. My go to game, all good and there other games are good too, like golf and football \u26bd", "The daily spin is a bit sad. Never have I spun a decent amount of coin, peculiar, I don't think so.", "I have been receiving some problems with playing 1 on 1 games with my friend during playtime, it just doest connect to the other person, please do fix it, thanking in advance.", "Even worse since update. Servers can't cope with number of players. Laggy on latest fast tablet with 100mbps fibre internet. Very annoying to lose 10k coins just because their servers are rubbish. Then they want you to buy more coins.. Stuff you", "I love it all except the stalling technique-waiting for opponent response-i feel is used as a weapon. I never do it but i see it more and more and i think its uncool and unsportsmanlike when used after every shot. The most uncool thing ive seen is when you get the comment \"nice cue\" followed by \"I k...Full Review", "game is set to make you fail if you're winning. automatically puts your ball in impossible shots. I'm going to delete the game.", "It was great game... Prior to this update..... But it's not anymore \"great\" or \"addictive\" whatever I can say... Your new update sucks.... Recharging battery what the hell man... Ronnie never recharges his cue... Lol", "don't know what changes were made but the game is much improved over the last couple months hence the five stars.", "I love this game. my only issue is there has to be someway that sloppy shots should not count.", "The actual gameplay is great. Could do with slightly smaller pockets as people clear up off the break 70% of the time. Would be 5 stars if not for the nonsense. So much of the game is nonsense; opening bloody boxes, making ads disappear, spinning bloody wheels. Pretty sure I searched for \"online poo...Full Review", "Thanks fast 8 ball pool game. it's really good time pass.but one side not good because summons call den same time game finished.\u0986\u0987 \u0995\u09bf \u09a4\u09be \u0995\u09ae\u09c1,,,,,,", "wasted last five years of my life playing this stupid game..... wanna do the same for next 50", "never get more than 1000 coins in free spin. this game is designed to take your money", "I love this great game & would rate it 5 stars if it wasn't for the following: I've just found out the game can be HACKED to increase your money & even provide line guides to enable you to cheat, I'm a genuine player and sick to death playing against people who CHEAT. I get connection problems conve...Full Review", "The game has become very suspect to cheating. My avatar should be called scratch master. One of my achievements has to be scratch master on the Eight ball at least 1500 games. When I Get on a role winning the game has been disabled and I lose all my coins!", "hours of fun, the truth is ,its not to exspensive to play, its almost free if you join a club to play.great game.\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude09\u262f\ufe0f\u2763\ufe0f", "I love this Game BUT there's a Connection Issue Everyttime I log In to Play. it Kicks Me Out, I have to Try Several Times back to back to get back IN. What's Wrong with this APP??? Please Fix this issue ASAP, Thanks!", "I like the game, but think its unfair to pair players together when the difference in levels are more than 20, especially in tournaments. Or if the difference in levels are drastic then XP rewards should be greater.", "I've been playing this game for years now it's fun for awhile. Most of the time this game is so good that it's addicting. it's became a good stress reliver", "I have to down grade my rating because of I can not play my friends and the pool stick location has made it where you only can have it horzonal. All this started after the latest upgrade to the game and i have spoken with a few of my friends and they are having the same problem. I would like to have...Full Review", "game keeps stopping ! keeps telling me to upgrade . already have , still tells me to update , wont play !!! WHY ? WHY ? WHY ? not running at 5 star at all and that is too bad cause i like this app !!!!!", "My only complaint is that other people who I play against takes too long,don't respond and I'm waiting for long periods just to play.And often you can't pot a ball no matter how you hit it. I'm uninstalling it, it's bs when all you want to do is play pool!!!", "I want to play with JOY AMADIN She is the only lady in my life that give me happiness especially when playing games like 8 Ball Pool. Joy Amadin is the best player of all times she won me 20 - 3.", "The game got stuck and my cue was not visible. The hit chance went to opponent by stuck with my turn and i lost 1000000 coins. This happened many times.", "It's a cool game. And a lot of cool people playing. Dont like the pop ups hitting so quick. Annoying", "8 ball pool love the game can't stop playing it keeps me up all night but don't like being told who is on line all of the time it's anoying", "Tried and true....I am able to really entertain myself with this game. So very entertaining....my strange addiction....shhhh!! Jackson - Covina, CA", "very addicted love playing until new update today now cant challenge ny friends y'all wanna fix it keeps saying update already done", "This game is way to easy to play, make it a little bit harder when you play against any opponent. All the cues are pretty much the same, you can beat anyone with standard cue.", "i enjoy the game...i just wish something could be done with the sound/audio settings... And,the in-game purchases are way too expensive....as for the gameplay,no complaints..", "it's awesome and addicting! I play it everyday, make's it almost impossible to put the phone down!", "It is an amazing Game,I always love to play,for winning the matches one needs skill and little bit luck too.", "Just love it I'm good at the game got some new stuff on the game plus it's updated now sweet come on down I will beat your ass in 9 ball", "game keeps cutting off many times causing me to run out of time.game keeps freezing up.i updated as told and now I cant play with any of my friends.", "good except when it times out while you aait fir an opponent.also neefs more siundveffects like applause at the end of a frame. Also very annoying when it is ibviously a computer program you are playing against not a real person, because the computer always clears the balls in 8 shots!!!", "it's a brilliant game but there should be battery life indicator and the time indicator because you can get so lost in the game. but brilliant none the less", "i love this game sooooo much!! I tend to get tired of games after a month...but i have been playing this game for 2 years!!!!", "I like a ball pool, but I wish we were allowed to chat with our opponents. They don't give that option unless you are friends", "hate the update don't do it you cant connect with your regular friends you play with...it sucks", "goood game for pool players or ones just starting out , installed new version 4.3.1 ,,didnt fix my besky glitches or bugs ,still enjoying game, hate loosing millions to Billionaire 's,. \ud83d\udc9e PLAYING THE GAME ,,,,(TIGER) MEOW", "wish that you could sell or trade unwanted cues back to game or other players", "it's really fun .I like that u can play with family and friends but it keeps coming up that u can't play with them (error)", "The best & most addictive pool game available. I just wish the game had more options like selling pool cue sticks you never use. The best 8/9 ball pool game out there!", "great time killer game but it does not give me the offer gift like golf cue or football strike cue sometimes it says you\u2019re out of time but it doesnt even show me the cue guideline which is horrible please solve thouse irritating things please..otherwise i have to uninstall.", "very nice game I love to play this game every thing are fair in this game My friend and all groups are playing good we are connected we are connected game do to this game i like to play pool that's why this is a wonderful game to us I suggest whenever you are Truss just play pool you will be very re...Full Review", "fun game .sometimes it drops out if connection is not good but lots of fun.enjoy the interaction with other players. maybe more free text options? thanks", "I wish that we could sell cues it would make the gamemore realistic. The game controls are really good.", "I love the game and collecting the awesome cues u have but I purchased the elite victory boxes for 4.99 when going to collect my tablet went to my home screen and when going back I lost all of the boxes I purchased so being said that I'm not a happy person I have one more piece to my insane cue that...Full Review", "Game is good but you should be able to free speak to all players by text function and not the pre set up messages and the spin the wheel is a scam I only ever win low coin value and I should by matimatical probability won a higher or highest amount or Rare Boxes etc", "bad when cue strikes ball and its timing is too bad its gives too low power and wins orhers game.. because i lost 50000 thousands in a match..", "Lovs this game its so much fun I would put it all the time if I could thank you", "very relaxing, get to hang out with my friends that aren't here. yes its the greatest game live.", "This is the best pool game I have found. It occupies the mind when boredom sets in.", "What a fantastic this game you've made, salute you who ever you are. Thanks, but the commercials made me lose the game, please do something about it.", "Scripture says: now is the time of salvation. don't put it off....your future eternal destination determines if JESUS is your SAVIOUR. this pool game is fun...i enjoy playing. SCRIPTURE SAYS As the lightning shines from east to west so shall also the return of the SON of MAN be....so be ready", "I think the game cheats when you dont buy coins and spins it wont let you win. will take all your coins i like the game but some shots will go all the way down the table and scratch when you don't hit it that hard it goes way to far when you hit it soft and lite rolls the whole table", "I couldn't ask for a better pool app. Its so realistic its improved my real life game drastically. Fun and real", "pretty good full player myself I have a pool table in my shop played for a few days with my friends and then I took a turn on almost won the whole thing so as far as games go I'm pretty quick study most people probably take a long time to learn something like this but I pick it up pretty quick and I...Full Review", "8 ball pool has really well graphics the trouble I have in a game which I have lost several for the reason accidentally hitting wrong button by the time I get screen back up ran out of time", "your game steals my little bit of money that I will, it's not fair that I play every day and I keep looking my money. I've lost alot , nothing changed until you change it. and your money wheel only gives small amounts", "Love the game very relaxing Lve that u can play with people around the world What i dont l8ke 8s spinn9ng wheeling.never get big scores 50 75 100 Wh6 may 8 ask Once 8n a blue moon get big 1 Very blue moon", "Great game but I swear the game chooses who wins I've seen balls suddenly change direction and place themselves for the other player lol games defo fixed also has anyone else having there coins go missing I keep getting 2000 coins then when I go back on I only have 500 coins", "There are so many glitches like one of them is that 90% of the ball is on the hole and it still doesn't go in, I have lost sooooo many matches because of that glitch. Also it sucks", "Great effects. balls role,as if on a real table.lots of fun. stiff competition.. If you shoot pool, you'll like this!!", "In continuation of game i lost 10 thousands twice and 2500 thrice, need more avatars and new chat packs ,even old ones, some facebook friends are not showing in game, and if i search and send request then it automatically quit the game", "\ud83d\ude4bI love this game... \ud83d\ude01It keeps me intertaind keeps me intertand when im waiting on other things, also It has improved my shots on a real table", "Not enjoying the updated version--why move the power bar.Its akward--where it is now.", "hate miniclip administration because of in some chamoionships like win streak new year etc their server always conect my level 33 to level 400+ and final i lost my match and also my streak", "Fun to play, very addictive! Never give up, it's a great game to test your skills!", "always giving a miss match, very unfair game! its not a good game!!!", "Damn addictive. Best to kill time. Few issues, but hope getting it fixed by developers soon.", "I need help. I had 52,000 coins when I stopped playing and turned off my phone. When I turned my phone back on just now I only have 2,084. My phone has been with me the whole time and not powered on in my pocket the whole time. What happened?", "please fix the bugs! sometimes when i hit the ball accurately, i wont get in!!!! especially with indian and pakistan player! some of them using hack! its not lucky! but they know where all the ball gonna going through! please make report option!!!!!!!!!", "This game sucks!! While playing the game, my opponent knocks down the 8 ball and they win!! What the freak!! Every time I break, nothing falls. During a tournament, I'm up , slow connection pops up, next thing I know they win!! Really, this is so not worth the time!! Very unsatisfied!!", "THE BEST GAME I PLAYED EVER KEEP GOING MAKE NEW TABLES ADD 9 BALL CUSHION SHOT AND ADD NEW CHAT PACKS \ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4d", "its annoying to get 10's of notifications telling me that \"x\" was recently online and u asked me to challenge him although hes not online anymore,it should be simply knowing who's \"only\" online and send him a challenge.", "its full of cheats people playing on a level they started over they pause when its your shot and bam its there shot or pause after you win and it will give them the win the same when its your shot when the pause is over it gives them the shot instead dont waste your time they flash players that were...Full Review", "I love the game now I hope you open up the 9 ball play to invites tournaments and all!", "Hello teem miniclip. How are you all?? I want to ask you. Y are u not add Pakistan table. It, s not fear. Bcz u add an other Indian table. Plz we love to play 8 ball pool. So it our humble request to your hole teem.", "very bad updated version why remove cue horezone option", "it's ok i just feel some time's it's like when you know you should have won and some body is putting the ball where it dont belong someone is hacking the game ' and i love playing i don't like haveing to pay for chargeing my cue every time i play and then win just to have it taken away' but i do lov...Full Review", "cant understand as too why the system says , waiting on opponents response, yet as a player im never asked a question when my opponent sinks a ball requiring a response..", "I like it most ,enjoy fully ,and meet to many other world's player.really best . It's my favourite game.play and enjoy with concentration. \u263acome on .", "I love this game you get to compete with people all over the place some people play cheat but most of them are on the up and up but other than that it is the best game I have ever played great job 8 Ball pool You are now adding some better specials I noticed you are not letting people get away with ...Full Review", "It's a good game for playing with friends and world people. I like it very much.", "Every so often does not depend on when I win or lose, I can lose up to 200 to 400 coins in the pool game. Gets a little frustrating.", "like the game but it cheats you after you win so many games that blows and can't upgrade the nice cues only crappy ones", "Something wrong with this app I tried to play (Tokyo) and I couldn't get the stick To play the time passed and the other player keeps playing", "I keep losing games because the timer doesn't reset all the way alot, and game freezes, cue control isn't always accurate.", "have won 5+ in a row multiple times and they take your money. also don't give what you've won so whatever", "I'm trying to play with my friend but they ask her to update and ask me da same. but we have both updated", "this is awesome game thanks for miniclip. time killer. different types of board entertainment taking Full Fun and enjoy. and missions also good. I'm playing daily. without playing daily i can't live. I'm playing with my friends and other player. and enjoying lots of. i love and like this 8 ball pool...Full Review", "It's mind blowing game I am loving it. lots off joy", "This game dont respect laws of physics. Many imposibilites , many cheaters , just why i cant play normal like normal people. Your game isnt fair. 0 stars", "very very nice game my favourite game in the world thanks a lot I am really enjoy this game", "i lv this game vry much..but now a day i face prblm ..i m vry upset bcos when i play game suddenly add is start n i lost my time...i m vry upset ...plzz google ..stop add plzz", "it's a great game,if you like 8 ball.there is a few problems, like when you are waiting for your opponents response, then, while waiting you run out of time.why do we have to wait when we sink the black. should be game over......... And why cant we sell our pool cues. cant use all of them.too many c...Full Review", "this game is nice but difficult to get legendary cue. can help me??", "to answer the gentleman s question bout hitting the cue an inch or small . the reason is the cue or object ball have to hit a rail either or", "brilliant, I can play with family j haven't seen in years and you can text through a game wich really makes it great only bad thing is that the games are alot a game coins so if you don't have any more you have to wait a day to play another game with someone you love Xx Thanks"], "Piano Free - Keyboard with Magic Tiles Music Games": ["i got this app to use for picking out the notes for choral music, but now i also enjoy playing the \"magic tiles\" game. it's fun and free - what more can you ask for? the only thing i don't like is that it will show me a featured song of the day, but when i click the notification it doesn't go to tha...Full Review", "The app prompts you to try a free trial, but if you forget to cancel it once the trial is over, it will automatically have you pay for it. That seems kind of deceptive to me. If that is indeed their intent, to get people to accidentally pay a whole bunch of money (because idk why someone would purpo...Full Review", "app is good . but u need to pay to unlock all the musics yearly some around 50 $. the second thing that i dont like about this app is when want to unlock the music u have to see add and after that u can able to perform that music . but its just unlock for one time only . if u want to play it second ...Full Review", "If you want to learn to play piano, please... PLEASE, don't start here. I really don't think anyone would, but just in case. you only have 2 fingers unless you put the device down, but even then it's too sensitive, so you can't touch the keys which is pretty vital for actually playing piano. You don...Full Review", "It's alright. Very limited though. The price doesn't really sound reasonable for the full premium version or for the free trial version. Especially if all of the instrument samples aren't really that realistic. This app was better off as a fully free app.", "its a good game... wait no, more like a app that help how we learn playing piano. \ud83c\udfb9 i love it, even my little sister love it. even, ugh my brother want me to share my own phone just becauseeee he like this app. wth!! but, thanks for making this game.", "As other users commented, this is a fraud. don't get caught. it's not free. you can't try the free trial until you set up payment info. waste of time. don't bother. false title.", "very bad game It's not free at all how do u call this a free game. I am going to give 1 star only because u give a free trial.", "If were not so impressing I hand this app five stars right in the hag. Feature presentation dialogue keeps me focus on the keys of piano. Gratitude to fine quality in learning how to play this instrument! FS", "i learned so quickly using this app , trust me , download and you will never regret. getting used to play with it made me know how to play a real life piano! and its also super fun! you'll never get bored! if you're not a piano person then just dont take too much place in reviews wasting ur effort o...Full Review", "Insane price and freaking annoying ads. Without a credit card or enough balance I can't even try the premium for free.", "I do not understand what's really happening here, it forces you to get the premium version for a time and then $49.99 per year,there is no exit button, so, no", "Ads are obnoxious. If you're just looking for a simple piano app and don't care about the games, this one's probably not for you.", "told us we had to pay so we could get the free trial, and also we had to cancel in seven days to get our money back. this is not a free free trial it's a paid free trial, boo!", "Hey well i cant get off of the premium bit do can someone tell me cus idk ...", "It's stupid I have to pay just make us pay for it instead of saying it's free but it isn't", "I thought that would be playing, but it takes a long time to load, I think you should not doubt this game, it does have some good song", "This is a really good app. You can subscribe for a trial if you want premium or you can use it for free with the limited version. I find it great that you have a choice. It also teaches songs and you can play your own songs without the teaching part. Amazing app. Definitely recommend.", "awwsome using jus now for 5 min and start liking it ...lets see some more features then i will update my review....", "As a piano teacher, i recommend this app to my students. Its good for practicing away from home and it has nice music games too.", "Everything's works fine but why is there a constant bar on the top of the screen(which shows \"get piano crush\" or \"get vip access\") while playing.There isn't much space to touch the keys properly if you can remove that it'll be great.", "I hate it it's stupid because you have to pay I don't like it", "I mean .... it's pretty good I guess ? honestly I don't know. .. ( so why am I typing this comment... WOAH !!!)", "Why do I have to buy stuff? I just wanted to play a little bit of megalovania. qwq", "False advertising, they say it's free but won't let you play until you set up a payment option...", "i love with my all heart...thank you for giving it free...it will help poor and needy who cant buy", "sick kh friendly sidhd drug fuddu dy du ch ch h ch jdu hg ch sri i uth h jgh", "nice interface. loved it. But there is a little lag when we use different keys at a time. please correct the issue", "i dont like this game i cant even get in because it just keeps asking me to do the free trial thing but i dont want to do that", "sucks i got bombarded to buy it in the beginning. didnt like that.", "Terrible app. Tried to rob you the moment it is installed.", "I hated it i never want to see this app again", "totally free until you open the app! 40 dollars for a year oh hexs nah", "Is so hard for kids like you \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0dken I love you lots \ud83d\ude17", "just unfortunate the whole piano is not visible to be played at one go.", "great game! easy enough for the whole family to enjoy. from my 5 year old on up! so much fun!", "its very nice i like ot so much", "its easy to use n really fun indeed", "you guys do not know what boring is cause this game is very extremly fun so if you do not like it theni do know what yo like", "it was awsome! and plus im learning to learn the piano at my school and this app helps me!", "amaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaazing. total real piano . everyone should download this.", "why do we have to pay to play the game!? i just want a piano game to practice!", "Great app. Many instruments, plus save option.", "horrible ugh its really bad", "Only just bought the app, but so far its brilliant. Very easy to use", "it is really good to make it better u can make piano levels!\ud83d\ude03", "your game had a glitch can you fix it.", "worst game ever delete it nowwww", "It a active, And I did learn some songs from my favorite singers", "it was awesome! it helps me to understand the basic of piano ..... bhai kasam se maza aa gaya.", "its a amazing app...lots of fun to play for hours.....sorry i can not afford the unlimited version \ud83d\ude12", "this game is so good I learnd so much omg you should play it guys", "this is best app for learning..love u man..who has ceeated this app ..i salute u", "i super duper like it...so I give 5 star\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\u2764\u2764\u2764", "7 days free trial the $49.99aud after?? and it needs internet to work? no thanks. uninstalled.", "You shouldn't have to pay. It should be completely free.", "I can't even play. Oh let me guess. I cannot play until I get the premium pass?", "i didn't even play because it almost made me pay money", "you gotta pay for it. misleading name.", "Cool! just cool", "Fue muy linda la experiencia pude aprender a tocar piano facilmente", "I love this app it is very useful", "I love it so much \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\udc96", "ugh just shows picrures instead of the PIANO", "I like e this game!", "what a super game this is it has more than 10 inside 10 every music equipments it has more and it is more interesting and excited to play this game is so good please download this game", "really good app, you can continue with a free viersion.", "my fav app up ti day", "Its cool and weird because i went to the london dungeon saturday and whiskey in the jar was playing", "it has great graphics and i love it you guys make amazing games", "horrible app have to pay for a free app", "It's really cool app , I like it so much", "can't play or read music. But this app makes me feel as thou I were in a symphony orchestra.", "can't hear the piano keys", "give us more choices to choose", "I LIKE IT WHEN I PLAY IT", "Best app i have ever installed. Makes me happy", "BAD JK its really good", "sounds beautiful it helps you learn how to do the piano in a way!!", "It was okay, It was a little confusing though, But pretty good", "this is big fat fake and it is a fruad", "I like it because it is fun to play", "could not play it be cuz it need monyezz", "this piano is very best music learn", "it's superb, so awesome..", "not sure good or bad", "I like so mach", "it helps me to make music", "very nice app for pratice", "looked good but froze after 5 seconds of playing notes.", "i love music and its my firt time that i m playing piano and i m feeling great thanx for your great design", "it's not free. you have just 7 day free", "no more online songs", "if you guys see limited time tap it", "we learn frim this good and excellent", "try this app it is fun and good for anyone you should download it for me please you will love this app it is the best app ever", "it was really enjoyable to do i would 100 percent recommend", "Its so best", "very nice app", "piano free is the best", "I like it <3", "nice musically aap", "Its amazing! beautiful!", "i love this game it is so much fun", "am loving it speciaaly the magical portion", "very nice ready to install it enjoy", "COOL AND GOOD GRAPHICS AND KEEP IT UP", "too soon to rate. seems ok", "This is the best game I ever played.", "very good\ud83d\ude0a, but not free\u2639\ufe0f", "waste of time.", "Cool piano app!", "not free 30 pounds for a year", "It requires money and my personal information", "I like the jingle bell theme", "it forces you to get a free premium trial", "I like this app", "Never stop your dream", "I have to pay I thought it was free", "verry nice piano app", "Nice and cool for my baby", "i want to know how to play a piano", "magic keys is wonderful feature to show of to friends and family that how easily I'm playing piano", "Can't even use without a subscription", "i loveeeeeeeeee it its one of the best game everrrrr", "bakwas app every time ask install new app.", "Still using, wait for more later.", "it's good to learn songs", "it's not good\ud83d\ude20", "its cool it mad my day i love it is cool", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u062d\u0644\u0648\u0647 \u0627\u0648\u064a \u0627\u0648\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0627\u0628 \u0628\u064a\u0627\u0646\u0648\u062d\u0644\u0648\u0647 \u0623\u0648\u064a", "Too many ads. Uninstalling.", "well its not awesome but its not horrible", "I love piano because you can make your own type of music", "Rad. trick your friends into believing you can play mozart. great for parties.", "Very nice Piano app!!", "more auto play songs to be added", "nice piano tray this", "from this piano music maguc tile learn many music and i request you all to you download this piano game", "yet some more people", "fujjjjjjjjjjj nista ne radiiii", "bye got time for that", "It is really very helpful for me. It taught me my piano lessons very thoroughly.", "it said it was free but it is not free", "I can't do anything", "after in app purchase it is the best music learning app", "one word YES", "it was really good \ud83d\ude0a it really hepls.!", "love it so much", "I love the song", "good enough for beginners", "it is a very nice app", "I'm not paying for this", "dengan ini aku bisa main belajar main piano secara online\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\uddfb", "it's great and fun", "Nice game.No ads", "it's pretty good \ud83d\udc4d", "GREAT GAME \ud83d\ude0d", "gooooddd!!!", "it's not free app.", "It's good", "not free at all", "not actually free", "l little t", "I Wuv dis", "too much of adds", "hasha gard to do", "Its a rlgreat app", "no sound in this game", "i like the souds", "i can't play", "its alright...but i wanna do my piano music..", "I Love this game is so much fun and thanks so much", "Sounds nice, is accurate. Simple and easy to play\ud83d\udc4d", "\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c full of fun", "its just like having a real piano", "Superb....I want to meet A.R.Rahman SIR. Inspiration for piano....", "I like it \u2764\u2764\ud83d\udc8b", "just started", "i loe ib", "not free", "d gdmg", "Too. Many. Ads.", "i love this game because it icspiers me", "amazing!", "Sanjay tiger", "kinda gud", "I like it", "its very interesting i like it very much \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "I like it", "I like it", "weal deun", "like this app", "I like it", "I like it", "I like it", "thanks for app", "k ur", "I love this", "It's a really great games."], "Bubble Champion": ["Will not let me connect to fb account. I've force stopped to try to reset. Does not have good purchase options, and wont allow me to watch a video to earn extra bubbles. I only keep it installed for my small grandchildren. Not a good game I'll uninstall once I have time to find better.", "You can change the bubble every time you want so it makes the game tasteless", "I will play this game with respect cause it's a good and nice game. It's easy and Fun.", "Very good game for enjoy & time pass.I suggest to try once", "It was a ball version of Tetris. A little bland.", "so far, so good.....as for what happens further along, that's open yet....", "Nice and enjoyable game lovely to play", "Silly but Fun Fun Fun game.", "fantastic game to ease the days pressure", "so far I enjoy this game", "very nice game", "just started but enjoying it", "nice game", "normal pop game", "I like this game", "fun to play just started and bound to get harder", "ok", "lick it good", "FUN GAME - EXCELLENT GRAPHICS", "I am enjoying this game", "a+", "chalenging", "ok", "Challenging and addictive", "Interesting and hooking", "nice game", "very very exciting", "good", "fun", "Nice", "Great", "nice", "good", "addictive", "nice", "excellent", "Fun Fun Fun", "Got 3 stars on level 607 but only shows 2 played it many times same result. Please fix.", "best bubble game ever, could use less or better adds.", "I spend hours playing this silly but great game.", "THE MORE YOU DO THE MORE YOU WANT TO DO. 5 STAR'S", "the game engages one so much. and it is a good time waster", "way to many commercials", "I like it", "great game. Love it. fun.", "fun game", "great game", "vgd", "good game", "cool game", "great", "fun", "an excellent", "good", "After playing this super Bubble Champion for only 3 months i have reached level above 2,125. Today i uninstalled this game because few new levels have the 'Swallow Hole' bad feature which swallowed up your colour pops during shooting!!! Also too many colour pops need to pop many times to make them b...Full Review", "waiting patiently for the next levels to come up. seems to be taking a very long long time. it is now amost Jan 2019 and new levels have still not been put up", "l love this game . even my grandchildren like it so much .l am nervous waiting for the next level", "Great game but more graphics would have been better we all feel nice game", "I love playing the game it gets my mind off of things.", "just that I can't stop playing", "I love playing this game,is good for me and is lovely to be playing", "Really awesome and nice game !!!I loved it\u2764", "good game i am pass all levals in 30days", "I love this game. Its addictive.", "just a good strategy game to make you think", "freezes Often,stinks!", "plays really well, smooth graphics", "fantastic game to pass late-night hours, switch to chromatic colors.", "Fun game. I just keep going back to it.", "It's hours of fun.", "I love this game even my mom like to play this \ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a", "poo its just great(!!!)", "It's almost like the other one", "great so far", "Love this game!!", "need more games", "very addictive", "sit", "very addictive", "Love the games \u263a", "this is a very good application", "acces", "I love it!", "additive", "adictive", "aaa", "fun", "i loved it", "nice", "good", "fine", "fun", "its amazing", ". awesome", "good", "great", "Tooo\u00f2oooooo many Videos. If i don't want to watch one to get the ridiculous 3 extra balls that is offered a video comes up any way. I zap them out rightaway. The 3 balls offered is the most ridiculous thing. Most of the time you have to see 2 videos to complete the mission. That is why i just start ...Full Review", "Wish I didnt update this app, been playing this game along time and loved it but new update I will be deleting and finding something else. You messed up a great app", "Game is not challenging at all. If you want to be proud of yourself to solve some hard things - that it is not a good choice. But if you want just relax it is excellent. Nothing will annoys you", "Very very excited game.. 1st time i continue long time... No time limit.. I like this system", "Nice game but at some point its difficult n will want to give up nice game and very addictive", "It is a good time killer.", "Very good indeed. It steals your time all the time!", "i want to play more levels but this game level ended up to 2095", "Adds keep freezing up", "Excellent, nice game, I like it", "People can say I'm not man enough by playing this game, but who cares! I love it..", "It's a fun game", "very easy just adds to much", "Great game, addicted", "It's \ud83d\udc4c for young people.", "Best game of its type!", "Very nice game", "Great game \ud83d\ude03", "It's slow", "so funny", "great addictive game", "Good game", "Good game", "Good game", "I enjoy playing this game...", "Samim Sk", "Study breaks", "\u04e8\u04e9\u0440\u04e9\u04e9\u0440", "it's addictive and I love it.", "Nice game", "I love this", "Very nice", "nice game", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc", "\u062a\u0645\u0627\u0645", "I'm the best", "veey nice", "enjoyed thoroughly", "Good", "good", "AWESOME", "happy", "Exciting", "good", "I Love this game , I recommend it to anyone who wants a good entertainment fun and addictive game !!!", "Great for vacant time.", "I like it keeps me busy", "Just enjoy the games", "Ran out of levels", "Tkinking for strategies...", "Fun \ud83d\ude03", "Good game", "Enjoyable Game...", "Good", "Good", "Great game, hasn't cost me anything, I can come back anytime and pick it up for a level or two Edit. Previous version was better, I can't aim now. No longer relaxing. Probably uninstalling", "The older version was better. Can't aim accurately now. Do not like it.", "Well done bubble shooter game with diverse levels and gameplay mechanics", "nicely time pass. good game", "Ok so far.", "its too good game.", "Very nice game", "Like Like", "Fine", "Loud video ads without warning. Can't play this and be quiet and I don't really want to play it otherwise.", "Great. When going through rough times or too tired this game eradicates everything.", "This game I like very well but gets harder every level love it", "Its a smooth game. Easy to play. I love this game and my 3 year old son plays this game also", "Great game!\ud83d\ude0a\u2698fantasticly addicting !\ud83e\udd17\ud83c\udf89\ud83c\udf88", "Fun game for the first time in the history of the 23", "So far it is fun to play", "Interesting I never get bored", "It's okay,just too much adds", "My wife and I played daily downloaded today", "Very Nice game", "Too many ads! Ad after every game play!", "Interesting and Mind Cooling game..", "Very nice an lovely", "It helps seeing things fast", "Easy to play and understand", "it's ok. better then some.", "Any games series", "Very addicting ..", "best game ever!", "It's ok", "It is a very good and joyful game.", "Good app", "great game lots of fun", "Whatever", "OK", "Its a great game", "Worth playing", "Good game", "Lotsa Fun", "Very Good", "Goog", "Nys", "Nice and simple.", "osam", "Awesome.Very exciting.", "Fun", "Love it !", "Fun", "Addictive!!"], "Temple Run": ["Love this game very much. I like temple run more than the second one, Temple Run 2. That's because the first one looks simple but yet challenging. I hope there will have more update on this game. I play Temple run very frequent because it tests my reflexes and i got a lot of coins but don't know wha...Full Review", "Frequent ads I can deal with, but they're almost all 30 seconds long. 3 per game if you want to continue your run plus 1 after you lose. And half the time when I play an ad to continue a run it'll still end it. Then it has the nerve to immediately play another ad.", "Too many adds. But it is a great game. I rate it for everyone (by everyone I mean 5+). They could improve the game. It can be addicting. But not really relaxing (my opinion). Good luck to the begginners. Have fun! Enjoy the game! P.S it can be challenging but it makes the game even better. It has go...Full Review", "I've been playing and supporting this game for years. No more. Having purchases that are necessary to advance (seriously advance) AND mandatory, loud, obnoxious forced ads after every single game play, is outrageous. I've spent a ton of $ in the store and I also have to sit through video ads now? Un...Full Review", "I really love this game but absolutely I am agree with the person who wrote that ads are out of control really we need to see the as video then only we would continue the game and Temple Run is an addictive game I downloaded not me my brother he is all the time in that so but I actually play sometim...Full Review", "i used to absolutely adore this game, but after redownloading, the ads are out of control. it asks if you want to watch an ad to continue when you die, fine, but then without permission it plays one between every single run, with sound that pauses my music. really, really annoying and intrusive for ...Full Review", "use to be fun but they went completely over board with the ads its literrally after every game and before the start of a new game. not only that but most of the ads wont let you skip it takes over your whole screen and makes you suffer thru. changed my 5 star rating to 1.", "This app has changed a lot over the years, and the advertisements are way too frequent. Ask me to watch a video to continue or watch a video to play again. Lol! You lost this player. It's ok.. the game play is mediocre at best. Graphics are same. Was a good time passer, but you got too greedy, so yo...Full Review", "Fantastic game. But it's controls are quite weak when played in sleeping position. However for time pass we can play this game. I want to say something to the players that I like to play adventourous games. One of them is this game. peoe who do not like to play adventure games shall not be liking th...Full Review", "Too many intrusive advertisements. Why force us to watch an advertisement after every run? I understand the idea that we can watch an advertisement to resurrect now; but every single death meaning a 30 second (or longer) video advertisement that pauses music is absolutely horrendous. The creators go...Full Review", "its very adventurous game and at any time any thing can happen unexpectable , totally different so i love this game but i think there should be a direction map which should have shown at the screen when we are running in the game so it would be easier to play and otherwise its my favourite game of a...Full Review", "used to be a great game. However, the decision to flood it with ads really ruins the experience. A great example of how to destroy a winning formula in the pursuit of maximum monetization. just for the record, i had originally rated this as 4 out of 5. The overload of ads prompted me to edit my orig...Full Review", "the ads last way longer than I last playing this game. the exit button doesn't work. goes to a screen: share or cancel, and you're stuck. whenever someone calls a game addictive, that's usually what they mean, no way to exit the game.", "Since when did Temple Run start having ads? Its great if you want to get revived after you die but to have them after each time? Or not know when they're going to show up? No thank you. Stick with the earlier versions without ads please. Will be uninstalling.", "This game as too many ad's and it is broken because I slide to jumps and I go left. If it had work normaly I would of gave it a 3 stars. also it glitch a lot.", "Too much ads Video When pop up comes up watch ad to continue and click on Close or cross option, The ad video is still playes. Tired of all this ads video. Please check and fix it. otherwise game is Good", "I said something last time but I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH THAT Temple Run is so fun and also in Temple Run 2,my highest score was MORE Than 10 million. It wasn't 10 million exactly but it was something in 10 million. I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH. Good job Imangi studios. Great game. Congratulations.", "I love the game but hate that there are 30 second ads all of the time that I cant skip. I looked breifly to see if I could pay to stop the ads and couldnt find anything. I had to delete the app because I found it unplayable with the ads.", "I really enjoy this game I use to play it a long time ago and here recently I had an urge to want to play it again. It's just the same as it was when it first came out. When it comes to the ads I just turn off my Wifi and problem solved.", "the adventure and sound makes my blood rush. the creator really out did themselves. the adventure and all the movement really brings it to life. this game may be the game were no one and i mean no one will never stop playing. and finally i rate this game with an amazing five stars. also you may be s...Full Review", "Love the game. As a new player; who is still learning how to manipulate controls, I tend to run my guy off the path a lot. This means , not one, but two ads I have to watch! Hate it so much will probably delete this app. I would much rather you offer a version I could pay for without ads!", "WARNING TO ALL: THIS IS NOT THE OLD TEMPLE RUN YOU ENJOYED ON YOUR OLD SMARTPHONES! The creators decided they weren't getting enough money, so they force ads every playthrough. Wanna come back to life? Watch an ad. Rather not come back? Cool. Here's a 30 second ad, then. Also infested with glitches ...Full Review", "I wish it would be more challenging-not just running but climbing, maybe a few zip lines or even a cave where your in a mining cart hopping from tracks to tracks..I wish i was a developer, I'd come up with dope apps..Edit: wow, I wrote that 5 years ago.. I'm giving less stars cause ridiculous ads to...Full Review", "Great game. Simple graphics and very good gameplay. I did, however, notice that there were a lot if adds. After every game, there is an add. I think that that's a bit excessive. Overall, a decent game, very simple and easy to learn how to play.", "OMG! I am totally addicted towards this game and love this games for all its adventures. i would request everyone to make it a world famous game and remember friends this game is thousand times better than pubG", "do i should put a star? mmmhh 1 star will do base on my feelings of this game i don't like this game anymore,too many ads and too much changed im just overcome the obstacles but the hole was there too near when i turn left or right, how can i run yet? well game over and over and over...i over this g...Full Review", "I have previously rated the app by saying it inferior then my play store was stopped but will any person ask from such apps that why people give such reviews about them anywasys I stills use my previous words for such type of apps\ud83d\ude0f", "Used to be a good game. Playable and unobtrusive ads, but then it started forcing an OBNOXIOUS video ad after every death. Uninstalling. And no... I won't now try Temple Run 2.", "Used to play temple run a lot a few years ago, decided to download and play again but it is now full of ads that totally ruin the playing experience. Couldn't find a way of purchasing ad free version. Deleted app wont be playing again.", "Ad ad ad ad ad etc. After playing the tutorial for a minute you need to suffer an ad after every fail, which is quite frequent when you're new to the game. After having the game installed about five minutes and watching ads a majority of those it's now uninstalled. Sad, the game might be fun.", "love this game ... it's not hard and it's not easy it's a rely good game and trust me I don't give out ,any reviews and sometimes the app is rely bad but in this case it's good . INSTALL THIS APP PEOPLE IT'S SOOOOOOOOOO GOOOD", "I remember when The Explorer would go smack into a tree for i.e. it would say \"Trees hurt\" ectera...where is that in this or other versions? Otherwise, awesome.", "Really fun classic. Graphics really do look outdated now, but that doesn't distract from the fun gameplay. It isn't riddled with ads and microtransactions like today's mobile games.", "This game is soo good of you love adventure.Idont know why people hate this game.It is just different from all the other games and stands out to me and if you haven't already installed this game I don't know what you are doing with your life now!!BEST GAME EVER!!!!!INSTAL IT NOW!!\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude09", "I love this game it is a amazing experience to everyone else is reading the this give a try this game is amazing trust me . you will be amazed how amazing this game is it running for it life. I think that you will love this game so much that you will on for the rest of you life. this game is really ...Full Review", "STOP MAKING ME WATCH ADS AFTER EVERY DEATH! I get its income for you but it's a rediculous turn off for so many ads and I'll be uninstalling.", "It used to be so much fun playing this game for hours. But this new version is just bad. So many ads that make no sense and distracting from the fun. Not worth it.", "To the Developer :-- Stop the nonsense ads which comes each time when we get out of the play. It really sucks the interest of continuing the game.. Hate this game because of the ads..", "The ads are annoying and I can't seem to find how to stop them. Other than that game is awesome time killer.", "i like this game very much but it has to many ads .after every game there will be a long ad waiting for us ...although its the best game that i have been playing from my early childhood it was my favourite game,it is my favourite game and i think it will too....\ud83d\ude03", "worst game ever played because we get out easily and it is boring we can't change the characters Of the game also I would suggest to whom is plating this game or has to play please dont download this game", "it's okay the gameplay is pretty good but I don't feel like the controls are that good because the tilts of the screen, the controls should be optional because what if you don't like the controls, so maybe you developers could come up with something like that.", "i Love Temple Run so much but i have not been able to fine the one i use to play some years ago the one where the man is running and jump on the train box and go into the cave where is that one i can not fine it in the play store.", "bakwaas game don't play it and it's a fact feedback. Thanks \ud83d\ude0e I hate you chul bhag dunger when your father was young he prounced danger dunger\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude19\ud83d\ude1a\ud83d\ude17\ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude20", "this teaches a lesson that we all are running for collecting money in life andmany obstacles may come but we have to overcome and run for good some times we may fall but we have to run again in our life.", "DO NOT GET... this game is the most annoying game I have ever played but not because it's hard or anything like that, but because it has WAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY to many adds only get this game if you can handle about 3 30 second adds every game", "I hate the ads which takes alot of time. But its fun playing \ud83d\ude0a", "if u close net the ads would not disturb....I gave 4 stars as my younger daughter shared it in her phone but they are asking Adobe air functioning", "this is disgusting i hate this game......there r lots of adds and even i got to the store i tried to buy something and then I got out of the game ,now there are glitches every where .....?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!even I'm out of the game a add from the game a add add comes out on my game!!...grrr why don't ...Full Review", "This game is fantastic and it's obviously fantastic cuz its downloaded by 100m that's so cool and this was my fav game when i was 8years old since 4-5years ago i played this game first time and in that point this game become mine favorite and thnkuh so much who made this game or infant PUBG is not a...Full Review", "This is one of the best games I have ever played, I've been playing it ever since it came to the kindle fire and now I'm playing it on my phone. It's very addicting and I do highly reccomend this game", "I used to like this game, I understand that you need to make money but that's too much. It forces to me watch ad my every lost of the game.", "Over five years this is one of 3 games I've kept. :) Has been over run with adds past get months.", "Asks you If you want to continue running, u click no, make you watch ad anyways to play again -_- that's pretty annoying. Other than that the game is spot on \u2606", "boring, I hate this 'cause I just bored. This is no more only slide swipe jump \ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude34\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude4e\ud83d\ude30\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude20", "so fun! but one problem i have is when i die it says run again and when i click that most of the time it shows 30s adds", "This makes me really sad, because this was one of the reasons I got a smartphone back in the day. It's nothing but another add apocalypse game.", "This app is so fun I love it! But there is sometimes when I got to run it will freeze up and not play it only sometimes though", "Watching an ad to get revived is fine. But forcing us to watch an ad after every game is annoying.", "it used to be so fun and addictive before you forced us to watch advertisements. everytime it says \"watch ad to continue\" and I click \"no\" , you still play the ad anyway. so it doesn't matter whether we want to continue play or not, we have to watch your ad. why giving us choice if every choice is t...Full Review", "out of nowhere it was not able to make sure that you can get a lot more than a few of them!", "LOL this game has s boring it hangs it's says it's not responding it's a stupid game it's so bad it's a dumb game\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude08\ud83d\udc7f\u2620\ufe0f\ud83d\udc80\ud83d\ude15\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\u270a\ud83d\udca5\ud83d\udca3", "This is only one thing I wish it had more options of characters so I'm going to try number 2 and 3", "Game is great. but you guys should change the sound the thief makes when he jumps..sounds like soft porn", "It is good and very intersting i hope the levels should some more fast that th thing is missing but without that i loved and liked tha game", "its ok but i cant get temple run 2 cuz someone logged out of my google account so yeah.", "Too many ads. If you die, then the game tells you \"if you want to continue, then watch this ad\". If you don't want to continue, then it still plays an ad.", "it is amazing game it can be slow at times but it is a good game to play when you have nothing else to do but sometimes i get fustrated because it keeps glishing on me", "It's crazy with the ads now taking the pleasure out... A truly awesome game fun and fast and very addicting. Play for hours without getting bored.", "Fun, but not something you have to spend a lot of time on to really get the best experience. A great pass time.", "Thanks For Your efforts. This has been a great game from the begining and I love it more than Temple Run 2 because this old one is more challenging and also more difficult to play . Could you please make sure that this game uses google play sign in too so that I can save highscores, coins, objective...Full Review", "Temple run is a very taugh game and I like playing it. But not so good which I expected and download it", "I am playing this game after a very long time So, I had seen many changes", "this game is very good but.. there are too many ads which irritates a lot.. really too many adds.. wana to throw my phn at that moment ....", "Only problem is it is laggy on my tablet and I would love some kind of sensitivity meter for screen swipes.", "Is Nise To Play.But When That Guy Run It Is Getting Faster And Faster.I Love This Game So Much Because It Is Very Fun.Thats It.I Am So Proud To You All.", "it's a very cool game \ud83d\ude0e\u263a I love playing it in my free time but the only problem is that ads come after every game\ud83d\ude11", "Doesn't feel lyk we have levels to complete.. its jst running and getting the coins +bonus", "What is with these ads!? I used to play this game all the time. I just redownloaded it, there's 30 second ads after EVERY play. No way around it other than closing the app and reopening it", "The best thing is no in game ads and they don't pressure you to spend real money.", "I'm sorry it is happy but I'm trying to move my phone side to side so I can get the coins but it wont let me I miss most of my coins when he runs", "It is really great but I think it's a little repetitive, same terrain, same people, and there's nothing else but run. Run for your life.", "I've always loved this game ever since I got my first phone when I was nine. Its always been great as taking up time when I'm waiting for something.", "App is good but stop so many ads in between... It's irritating", "it's so fun to play with my step dad watching me. I recommend this app to over 10 because it can be difficult.", "I love the game but to many adds every time I die\ud83e\udd15\ud83d\ude35 I get a add \ud83d\udc7f but the game is really fun and challenging hop you love the game!\ud83d\ude38", "Game is barely playable. Not because of gameplay, but because of stupid, annoying ads at every turn. Ended up uninstalling it.", "Great game and my girlfriend is the best thing that's ever happened to me I would be nothing without her", "I am playing this game after a long time so, I had seen many changes...\ud83c\udfc3\u200d\u2642\ufe0f", "OMG...these freaking ads suck. I can't enjoy playing the game. Why isn't there a paid version without the ads?", "I like this game so much i can play it offline Nice graphics and easy to play please update this game suggestion:add more place and upgrades thanks \ud83d\ude01", "It is very challenging and this is coming from an 15 year old :) i played this game on my sister's phone when i was 10 years old so yeah i love the game", "the man while the second bridge when I cross it it falls down again and again which I don't like so .", "K\u00c9RLEK OLVASD! Ha szereted a rekl\u00e1mokat \u00e9s azokat a hangokat amiket a f\u00e9rfi teniszez\u0151ek bocs\u00e1jtanak ki akkor ez neked volt kital\u00e1lva! ha lekanyarodsz egy egyenes \u00faton akkor ez a ny\u0151g\u0151 barom elt\u0171nik! ha let\u00f6lt\u00f6d akkor tudd meg hogy \u00e9n is kergetni foglak t\u00e9ged a j\u00e1t\u00e9kban mint azok a majom iz\u00e9t! Am\u00fagy ...Full Review", "not even worth a star. I absolutely loved this game but then they put in adds and the adds aren't just ones u can x out of after 2 seconds they're ones that u have to watch through. very disappointed", "The stupid ads are 30 seconds long! I don't ads but when they're that long, there's no point on playing the game.", "\ud83d\ude4bThis is my one of the favourite games. Please download this game. \ud83d\udc4dIt's a very nice game & graphics and gameplay are good. I always play this game at night. I think it a very adventure & challenging game.", "Overal it's nice just hate the ads and the question about refuges, I don't want politics ruining this game!", "MOKTHIYAR..S THA GAM VARAE EANTARAS OK BAT FOR THE LAST FEW YEARS AND I LOVE THE GAM IS THE BEST", "itne ad dal diye ki game se jayda ad chalta gai . totally waste of time", "we are not able to unlock characters and boring without challenge to.make money and diamonds to unlock characters and new places\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\u26a1\u26a1\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21", "your game sucks and it won't even let me turn make better games kid", "Too damn many commercials now and made harder to force watching them.", "pretty much the whole game consists of playing game, dying, asked if wanted to watch ad to be revived, say no, and watch ad anyway.", "Used to love temple run. The game itself is great but the number of ads makes me want to delete it.", "The game is great and all the grafics suck though and the ads are annoying so I can't play the game with wifi", "This game is very nice .infact if we need to play he.ans improve our skills then it is best game", "Bruh imma just hack this games to get probs all the characters", "Please do not download this game it is a wastage of internet if you have to waste your internet please download it.", "decent game overall and quite original. i love that its a bit more challenging compared to some other mobile games.", "it was such a cool game but temple 2and3 are so boaring if you want to download any game so jus download this game it is so good for familys and kids so dont stop your kids from this game even this game is for every one", "been playing this game for years. i rated 4 stars because it needs to have more features and characters, but overall this is a very nice gams.", "There's a 30 second ad that you have to watch every time you die before you can start over. Really annoying.", "Well I do loose some times but try again it is so much fun in love it so super", "you can't contral it for temple run and temple run 2 but other than that it is fun.", "Though Temple run2,Temple run3,Temple run oz came but I loved this game", "There are many ads but it's great for letting your mind wonder while doing something with your hands.", "A good, fun waste of time. Very compelling game-play and mildly addictive.", "not very good put really people like old temple run next time.", "we are not interested to rate more for this game so this u can desreve", "please stop showing adds every time we die ,we can't press \" run again\" thanks to an add popping up", "I didn't really like it. It is different from the old one\ud83d\udc4e", "This game is good but there is no levels shown.Then also i liked it ......... There should be a nice graphics ......... In starting i was not able to open the game ..........", "It should also contain ice age and should have little bit difficulty", "Many ads. I was watching more ads than playing game .bad app", "This app is not supporting split screen so I rate only 3 stars", "loved the game until recent over run of ads. 2-3 ads per game, regardless if you choose the ads to continue or not. if not fixed I might uninstall. I've had this game for years....", "Built my children's confidence in tackling their fears including myself. Great app", "Like this game because it is very fun and I like the boy but I don't like the boy so much and the monster is so dangerous that because I like this game", "love this game but sound off krna ka koi option nhi diya gya hai sad about it", "I am not able to open the game. How can I discriminate my experience.", "it has lots of deatele and colorful and if you crated the game you are smart pretty and a genius and are creating a game people love you must be really happy in life and smart thank you and i love your game and you", "first of all,this game is not what it used to be I miss a lot. and u made the graphics worse!WHO WOULD DO THAT LOL", "its a really fun game to play and I am already at Scarlett Fox and and just installed it the other day . I just want to say thank you for making it . My mom says she knows it and she is really good at it So is my dad. My sister hadn't tryed it yet but I know she will be good at. the game is great.\ud83d\ude00...Full Review", "do you think I am a fool always showing adds stupid", "playing this game since it was released so addicted to it simple yet fun", "This brings back memories from when i was in Pre-school. I would always play this with my friends at free time.", "I liked the game it's just that I like playing games while listening to music but there's no MUTE option on the game so I can listen to my music without to listening to the games monkeys. other than that, the game is pretty cool.", "It is a good game and I am giving to you 5star and I will download temple run2 now.", "Love this game. It's fast paced and with two more version available. It's compatible with Android since 2018 and fun.", "i miss the old version of this. this ones just straight up boring", "its ok.I'm really used to be playing subway surfers so I forget the rules of the game, but it is good", "I love this game.but I love temple run 2 more then this.but I could not find it,I have searched the hole play store \ud83d\ude23\ud83d\ude23\ud83d\ude25\ud83d\ude25\ud83d\ude2f\ud83d\ude2f\ud83d\ude2f\ud83d\ude2f", "I love how it's like a obstacle course of some sort witch makes it a lot of fun.", "I like this game verymuch because it increases the brain level and make us sharp in escaping", "Because it's really amezing and great too. You know it show how brave and how challging you're", "to many freaking adds.... know one wants to watch a add for 60sec after every time you die!", "I love this game so much its kind of challenging but really fun at the same time", "If u do not know how to play it has a tutorial f how to play", "awesome game\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0dbut the first was good jaha tak yaad hai ya to nhi tha 1 main kuch rasi type tha please back the first game..", "like the game. but too much of ads.why force us to watch every ads, atleast you can show a skip butten..,fedup with the ads and end up with uninstall", "vering boring no change in scene.one sce gets just copied.", "I kind like this game and the problem is there are too many ads", "it should add water like temple run 2,, it contain 2many add and that add is boring", "I love the music it's so cool Evan the monster and the player scins.\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude03", "I just watch irrelevant ads after every death", "AS WITH \" ALL \" OF THE GAMES MOST OF THE FUN HAS BEEN TAKEN AWAY BECAUSE THEY ARE \" ALL \" BURIED IN ADS .", "very fun game its hard the futher you run there id so mutch to do i think its a good game", "Personally I think that this app is overwhelming band not very suitable for people how have relaxing time and click on this game", "Just like any other video game killed some time. However quite entertaining.", "Game completely restarts after each round (it closes out then reloads entirely).", "the man looks like he had to mutch chilly and needs le loo cuz he had toco belll", "I loved this game it just froze my phone sometimes", "THIS IS A RUNNING GAME.I LOVE THIS GAME.EVERYONE SHOULD PLAY IT.IT KEEPS ME HAPPY.", "Easy to use and m enjoing much a lot. but plz,make diffrent stages in this", "The game is ruined. after every game I have to see an ad.", "i hate it because their is so many ad whn the game ahh overed ... run again i gave means their is ad...i hate it", "It is fun and adventurous and there's a little bit too many ads but other than that it is an amazing game too play.", "I HATE THIS GAME IT IS SO BAD", "Terrible, every single time I die, there's an ad! and every ad is an unskipable 30+ second ad! terrible game, dont download \ud83d\ude12\ud83d\udc4e", "I think u should put more players and more challenges", "Its a bit to simple. And not what i thort bit its good", "from std 2 I am playing this game and now this year of 2019-20 this game is very popular thanks for made this gamer thanks", "Poor controls. They try to copy subway surfers", "it was horrible they do not even disease 1 star it is a FAKE APP", "I think i kinda like this game but all the monkey or somthing is chasing me and it is a bit hard but I think I can make it \u263a", "Don't waste your time horrible controls and graphics", "It's a very beautiful game but there are much of ads and these ads appear only when I am playing .", "more ads than usual, but always loved this game since 2012, the only game I have on my friend", "It's a very bad game. Anyone wasn't install it.", "dont like all the adds but other than that i like it", "I loved it but the adds I hated a add after every death really?", "game is nice...but too much ad after every game and if you loose too...its annoying", "good graphics... love to play this game . . but there are many ads also... please don't give so many ads", "NYC Game Wtt Thoda sa p Problem hii", "Crippled with unskippable ads. Even if I refuse it.", "Little boring... Not bad", "Adding new intresting features eg. A person shrinks and chased by insects", "very fun and addicting! love it!! still playing it in december 2018! great, great game.", "Cheat death Death screen Ending game", "Too many Ads. No fun playing The game", "it did not work right on my chrome book", "This game is fantastic....I love this game so......much.I really enjoy to play this game. It is such a very nice game", "I think it's amazing and fun for all ages \ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude01\u2764", "Temple run is nice game but I am playing this game I don't my time", "Graphics can be improved. Can put an ability to change characters. Good game", "I am playing this game from past 7 years ...and its fantastic!", "I love the game and everything about it. I would like a lot more special features though", "I hated this game it was anoying and stupid znd I never used it", "I have had a good time plsying with my freinds. When my freinds play they download the game to. ps i love this game!"], "Hill Climb Racing": ["i am an addict to this game since i started using android ..... i am playing since last 5 years and i dont get bored.. this game is an entertainer .. now the update looks great.. i kindly request the developers to bring more and more updates with many levels and vehicles and more features .... there...Full Review", "It was very fun at first, but the levels don't change, so you get to a point where you can't get any further on that level, and all of the newer levels are super hard from the beginning for no reason. All the new levels have traps that kill you by surprise for some reason. Why can't we just have new...Full Review", "This is obviously one of the greatest games for Android, but... BUTT! Okay, u r cool sitting in toilet playing HCR. Suddenly, u get a message. You switch to it and reply, everything's okay. You return to HCR and... IT SHOWS U A BLOODY LOADING SCREEN SAYING ALL YOUR 200K GOLD FROM LAST TACE JUST BURN...Full Review", "i used to play this all the time on my Kindle until it died and I had all of the cars and all of the different worlds. I had forgotten about it and then I put it on my new tablet. I was able to go to my old account and got them all back! but I put it on this phone and for some reason it has a differ...Full Review", "the ragnorock level is satanic. this is not a joke DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME. AND DONT BYE THE RAGNOROCK LEVEL BECAUSE IT IS SATANIC AND IT WILL START TALKING EVERY ONCE IN A WHILE. i am scared and i have lost will to live because this level has emotionally scarred me this level is a nightmare and now i...Full Review", "hi. I recently upgraded to a new phone. downloaded the game and signed in with my Google play account but all my progress has disappeared can someone help with this please ?", "they should add more cars because I unlocked everything including garage and levels and I maxed out every cars upgrades and it is getting boring so I deleted it and reinstalled it to restart from scratch hoping you respond and get more cars soon. BEST GAME EVERR!!!", "Jeep is showing too much bouncing as if it's made with sponges. could you tell me what kind of vehicles are used here. vehicles should not be consuming fuels downhill. how come the game comes to an end when vehicles are going downhill and about to reach the fuel. your game should reflect the real wo...Full Review", "honestly i havent even tried the second one but i think this one is still better. my dad and i used to play this together alot and its been about 2 years and i decided to get it again <3", "i had over 200 million coins and lost them all. they refused to fix this problem, it was a fun game but they take away your progress for no reason, it's not worth starting over, i hope no one spends real money on this game, they would probably steal that too", "This was the very first game I downloaded on my phone and love to play it almost every day. The occasional bug is a bit annoying, but this game is still in my top 5", "The only thing this game needs is account syncing across the board, like maybe a Fingersoft account or something, especially since Amazon only supports Facebook and guest login. Very fun, and playing for a while never gets old. teaches goal setting, and is gr8 for younger kids.", "The game starts good. But going to middle, the jeep is down,again the game is begins from first point its too bad, change this. ex: Jeep is going to 400m,in this point jeep is down,the game is starts from 400m is good thought or giving one chance from that point.Thank u.", "great fan of the game..... but...... there is this bug in garage........ the vehicle parts are reset to normal though they been upgraded after restarting the game........... i bought a new vehicle slot in garage and was very disappointed and surprised to see that the vehicle is not there and all my ...Full Review", "Addicting game. The physics are realistic which makes the experience more pleasurable. Would recommend this game. After fully upgrading the useful vehicles, the practical limits of the software appeared to be reached since no additional progress could be made on the levels and the effort was abandon...Full Review", "This game has been great but-ever since you guys did the \"various bug fixes\" back in December, all the game is freeze and crash.\ud83d\udc4ePlease put the bugs back so i can play again.. My rating will go back to 5 stars.", "what would be better is if you were able to choose your color of the vehicle in making your custom car like these colors white, black or brown but it would cost 60 gems please be in the making of it fingersoft", "I LIKED THIS GAME VERY WELL. I LOVE TO PLAY MOON.WHEN WE ARE PLAYING IN THE STAGE MOON WE CAN JUMP MORE HIGHER FROM GROUND LEVEL DUE TO GRAVITY AND WE CANNOT UNDERSTAND HOW MUCH WE ARE HIGH FROM THE GROUND SO WE MAKE FLIP UNESSARILY OR BY MISTAKELY AND WE WILL BE OUT FROM THE GAME WE HAVE STARTED FI...Full Review", "i think if it had more cars and maps This would be a 10 \ud83c\udf1f \ud83c\udf1f game its to easy to beat the game and when new updates as in different seasons it makes it to where you have to get more cars but by that time its a new update i already have enough for it so be its way to easy needs to be more money aka ...Full Review", "why there is no data transfer system in this game I liked this game very much but, when I had changed my device my all pogress in this game has been deleted please also give some time on to that problem", "it is agrate game the only thing i don, t like is haveing to start over again eachtime i get new phone have saved game many times never been able to pickup were i left off from phone to phone", "how to make sure you are you still have the lunch at the lunchroom you have any questions or if you need to get the latest flash on iPhone iPad and iPod touch and let you know if you are you doing today I have a great day and time of the lunch hour and then I can I have a good time in the lunch at n...Full Review", "today's daily challenge (Feb. 6 2019) is impossible. (boot camp) -you follow the log trail but it just leads up to cave ceiling which smushes you and you die. or am i missing something?", "A GAME LIKE NO OTHER. The longer you play the better you get and yet your still a beginner . go figure. easy enough that I have seen two year olds learn to play and yet is anyone ever a master??", "every freaking time this game updates I lose everything. when I first started this game i unlocked every car and every stage. I had all of my cars maxed out but when it updated I lost all of my progress. some one tell me why that is", "I play this game whenever I get some free time, it's a good mood freshner game. For developers, I would like to say that you should have to add some different music according to the stages. Different music to different stages will make this game more attractive, also some sound addition when vehicle...Full Review", "crashes and does not write data until after level is finished. Any during race progress is lost. especially frustrating when reaching levels above 20.", "I LOVE the game. the only bad part is that the levels never change. at some point, you won't come any further\ud83d\ude14", "I like this game I'm serious but one thing that I always hate is that when you press the settings on this game to mute the music or sound, it just keeps you there so thats all I'm saying.", "latest update per developer, \"Bug Fixes\" = translated to \"sure, some fixes,but you players aren't clicking enough ads still, so here's an occasional \"in your face ad\" when you start the app, maybe the others are too small to click on and we want to help you get the most from this game\"", "Super Off-road + Desert = Highest score but i lost because of a glitch in the game. Super offroad's belt wheel got stuck inside the desert surface. Fix that please", "it was a good game i like play i was open hot Rod and like this game my father big brother also playing this game he also open hot rod iam saying adout hot rod:It RPM Full Bosst is also full", "great game i downloaded it and i cant stop playing it but could you please send me cash to my account i really want to buy cash but my mom wont let me but overall its a good game", "I had this game on my phone for over 3 1/2 years. I loved it, I had every level, and every car. Best game I ever had. But I got a new phone and lost everything. Downloaded it again and it won't hardly work.", "It was a little pricie but a realy great game. I looked at other ratings saying they hated it, but i think they are wrong", "not sure why but all my progress has been erased when i installed it again, kinda sad really, i had so much unlocked, is there a fix for this?", "I like the game, but there's been some glitcthy problems lately. today the daily challenge forces you to drive into a wedge killing you. fix the glitcthy glitch", "good controls,good gameplay,and good graphics so thos game is amazing i really liked it. i am happy because this game is very nice and very adractive i really liked it please download this game this game is very nice please trust me this game is super please support and download and share with your ...Full Review", "awesome game, almost perfect developers, please add an option to keep going when out of fuel, dozens of times now I've run out of fuel and been on good terms with gravity and really wanted to see how things played out, but the game immediately stops me", "the money to the only thing I can get it done today sf that's okay root of the money to pay for the money to pay for the money to pay for the money to pay for the money to pay for the money to pay for the money to pay for the money to pay for the money to pay for the only one that is not a good time...Full Review", "I love this game you have to start with slow stuff. You have to earn credits to build your car or truck or tank and make it faster", "intially this game is very grindy but after some hours of playtime you will learn the tricks and basically 10000m is a no brainer and the gane becomes very enjoyable", "super 'best but make more thing to earn money. give hit how to do perfect filp and all .put internal petrol .make garage for all the vehicals", "So fun it's full of so many different levels and it gets harder and harder.Thats what makes it so addictive.Downlowd this game and you will have so much fun while facing a challenge\u263a", "i loved the game too muchh and i played it too much till i unlocked all levels and most cars and when the app got updated i lost all my data and im back to zeroo. please try to get me back my scores and data soon.", "attempted playing challenge this morning and couldn't even go 81 meters before the path was completely blocked. If I could attach a picture I would. this is stupid", "offline game for you to do when your waiting for something but its actually a fun compared to most time waster or small simple games i love playing it :)", "was good til last update. now the game won't load. was a good time killer too. glad I didn't have any money invested", "This is a very fun and challanging game. I just love to drive in the bus/van, It makes me feel as if I were taking someone somewhere.\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude0a", "This game better than all racing game I like this game very much. I am saying to maker of this game i really love and like this game so, I am requested to you make another game like this game.", "Mom and I are going to the game on Saturday so we will see you there in drafts of the game was good Christmas time with my son is eye's the brewery tour for basketball game tonight 8iuhhhhhh", "good and all i would like is you make a lunchbox that is 1000 gems and that you can get the gargae for 200,000 dollars. so that is why i am rating 4 stars", "its super dope and fun man this game is addicting bro it just need new cars thats all but other than that i like this app so so so much!", "this games gets stopped working when i tap ok in eula page. please help me. i lost all my Coins and gems. please fingersoft.", "I like this app and all but when will there be the next update It has been over a month since the last update If this game was updated sooner I would of chose 5 stars.", "i purchased for 950 . the amount has been deducted from my account and there is an error whole loading to the app. please refund my money", "do not upgrade forks on chopper it makes them about 12 ft long and bike stands to straight up 1 Dont waste your coin on the hover craft its useless even with upgrades to easy to stand on back end then cant make it come back down just balances there 2 dont upgrade the flip on the motorcycle it works ...Full Review", "sucked never download distorted my phone I hate this game not realistic at all absolutely bad sucked butt worst game ever", "it's terrible DO NOT DOWNLOAD I smashed my phone cause this game I've been stuck on a level for 6 months!!! \ud83d\ude21", "the reason i dont like this game is because once i got to a point in the gane it wold say not responding and its not my phone because i just got a new phone", "I rated 4 because they took away stuff like watching ads for money", "its a nice game but i kinda hard to beat out but i really like it because i cannot driveso it is quite fun and instresting", "I love the game it's a great way to pass the time but I got a new phone and I tried syncing to the new device and its keeps telling me I have to many synced devices", "game freezes upon opening. when it does play, it's only for a few minutes then it say the game isn't responding. so I close it. it's my favorite game but I'm sick of it so I'm uninstalling it", "nice game with really good controls and graphics. person who are in bad mood can play this game or may people who are boarig", "menu buttons dont work after opening the game. only way to exit is to switch off the phone.", "Why is gas spent based on distance travelled instead of only when the pedal is held down. Dumb", "I like Game most because I have download many times and I have deleted now again I am downloading it's very beautiful game", "Update: Cannot get the game to even start, always crashes once it loads", "I have simply loved this game for years now! would be cool if you could customize your character/vehicles though", "when I previously installed the game it automatically synchronizing to my email id but now it does not synchronizing to my emai id and I unlock all levels and many cars in the past game so I decide to delete the game", "Seasons and Highway both lag bad with Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge, please fix!!", "Just another disgrace to the gaming industry designed to have you play 5 mins and then block your progress behind a paywall or endless grind. Pathetic.", "land jaiseee game asiee game to.ham kabhi naaahiiiiikheleeee gayyyyy asieee bekaar or ghaatiya game band kar do.pagal ensaan sorry ye sirf asiaii hi bol raha tha sorry", "The game has lots of good levels, graphics and cars! I kinda would like some new cars, though.", "Update This Game With New Challenges And I have No Words For This", "Bought a R95. 00 package and it never showed the 3 000 000 coins i bought", "i have been playing this game for a long time one of the gratest games i have ever played.", "this game used to be a good game. now it seems they won't fix the freezing problem. i have a new phone so it is not the phone.", "Good game if u play old music when your racing the game would be better not the same beat over and over again", "super racing easy time pass full enjoy the game first first inthe game soo easy but middle in soo hard games super car racing first racing in car hill climb racings", "This is very good at first I thought it would be one of those easily glitching VERY off-brand games", "it's very boring.i hate it . every day challenge is hard, it's not good for kids", "i love this game years ago but many games come that take his place but now i still love this game best off ine game in the world", "At first it was really fun but then it would never load i restarted phone and unistalled and re installled the app and it never loaded!", "very good game but big vehicle has been changed i like JCB type vehicle but change", "Brake pedal only works when it wants to! My phone screen works fine until I play this game, half way through a course, the brake pedal only works intermittently.!", "I remember having this game as a 9 year old and loving it. This game brings back so many memories!", "just bought some coins. never received it. other than that great game", "its not opening properly, despite reporting so many times", "somebody needs to fix this app if they want anybody to play it.cant go anywhere in first terrain..bummer", "Game hangs when we click on settings,, and please provide volume settings while playing...", "It is a very interesting game. I am using this game since along time. It isn't internet connection.If it is connected to fb it became a popular game.......", "The bug that you have in today's daily challenge is unacceptable.", "FABULOUS GAME EVER BUT PLZ ADD NEW CARS PLZ THIS IS FANTASTIC BUT PLZ ADD NEW CARS AND STAGE", "i liked it but it would be better if you could upgrade your cars in the garage i was dissapointed when i bought it and it was rubbish but over all it was a good game", "(Just an updated review) I've been playing this game since 2014 and i still enjoy playing it day to day", "Its my favourite game i only dislike the thing is fuel it is important but at some place it just miss and you loose your progress", "this is a very good game awesome \u263a\u263a\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c this was the first game I played on my mobile and now I download it once again", "very best game, interesting thing is that vehicle moves same as in real life situation.", "THE GAME IS GOOD WITH GOOD GAMEPLAY BUT SOME BUGS NEED TO BE FIXED.", "It's og and till this day it's amazing. Keeps me entertained for the amount of time I want it to.", "lastest version was buggy and slow, I tried reinstalling and now my gems, coins and progress aren't syncing and the app freezes.", "um i dont like it is ok k but a glichey ... maybe its my phone but its really cool", "It's the best game I have played and It's a good time killer, when I am free I play it.", "It's a great game once you unlock more cars/vechiels it is more intriguing I love it \ud83d\udc9c", "bakwas game ...bhot difficult h. bss grafics ache h .shuru shuru m achi h ...baad m to bilkul bakwas ..bhot difficult ho jati h fir khelne ka man hi nhi karta .", "the map ragnaros is glitched where when i jump off of the giant monster at the start i die when i hit the bottom. i get killed through the bottom of my car", "it is not good game because whatever they say was not true totally", "This game is very cool and adicting. I love to play this game. This is very much time pass game. Just awesome app", "Love playing game but it crashes now", "bad not working padels properly f##k", "its osm game but why cant you add different character and different dresses and new avatars", "the bestselling novel of this book was published in may 900 by author dr. Sanjay feyerick", "Way to many ads. Will probably delete again.", "I LOVE THIS. game its the first game I played when I got my own phone", "I'll rate it full if you upgrade and in this upgrade we can sell the vehicle like the same our pots are sell in poettry.", "This is a very good game and controls are very easy but the fuel is very far and I touch fuel but I out.", "not a superb game feature need to Upgrade system", "easy to play and really fun. had the game for years and still never gets old.", "Just wish you could save each stage,so you dont have to start at the beginning each time.", "it is garbage and i dont see how people play this without getting mad", "worst do not download it like a cow dunk", "not worth the star wasted my time and constantly crashign even thi nothing is running", "This is a very nice and very good game I am SUDIP i loved this game and my brother is very happy for playing the game \ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e", "Since the last update it just keeps freezing and crashing all the time", "This was the very frst game which i was downlded in my mobile when i got my frst android mobile love to play this game on free time", "very addicting and takes a long time to complete.", "this is a great game and I say that through experience. I've played it before and it is extremely enjoyable \ud83d\ude03", "awsome really addicting check out my YouTube channel", "not only it's too limited but the controls are terrible and the car flips too much.", "Ridiculous amount of glitching . Like the game when it works .", "Amazing Awesome Fantastic Fun and exciting to pass on the level is easy to move on.", "it's just not as great as the 2nd one", "Its a really challenging game but i eant to be an online server game. If you can . pls make it a multiplayer game and a online server game .. if possible . But . I rrqlly love this game ti be honest . A really good effort. Good job", "awsome and u should be able to spend dimonds to get coin's", "i have purchased 100rs pack in hill climb racing . still it's not added in game", "This used to be a good game but the ads are so many now that it is not worth it.", "this is a very very bad game. Not download this game.", "so much lagging and not running properly.", "incredible game i play this all the time. love it, thank u developers", "fake bore app guys don't waste Time fake....app", "its like nice but its very difficult and takes alot of game money its boring but overal its nice", "I've always enjoyed the game but I'm kind of annoyed that signing in to cloud didn't restore my purchases nor my previous progress", "I simply write this is boring and chakatai matu chani game thanks chani game", "love the game. very adictive. just wish that when you get a new phone that your progress would transfer also", "very very intraty game he yarr mara ek he khana he ke sabi instrll kar lena", "I watch a vid for 50 gems but didn't get any in the end", "ve4y nice game this game will be too m8ch nice when we will got that much money", "It's great for kids and adults. Very easy to use.", "good game i am first download the game this game is very best and beautiful & wonderful type of this game", "Nice game but they should add more cars", "I love this game more than any other game I have played!!!", "it was very first day I played the game it was very nice and useful game", "i love this game its a fantastic game sir isse update krr te rehiye or bddiya bnnate rehiye i love u sir", "i have played it in laptop and tablet and now I am playing it on the phone ...it is cool", "very very bad game get lost", "l love the beach and construction level with bike and race car", "super very very nice time killer \ud83d\udd53\ud83d\udd57", "este juego nunca a faltado en ninguno de mis telefonos desde el 2013 pop", "You won't read this anyways so I'll make it one star, for extra bad costumer service", "this game is so awesome but to many ads", "amazing game but please update more", "Its nice game the controls are good and one of my likely games...", "best game i ever play gd controle .....and funny fr mee..tnqq", "much better game even after 4 years go im saying this game feel like", "good game may dad pale this game 7 yars this game is so happi i love it", "The game's physics is amazing. Addictive and great time killer.", "I love this game ever since I was very young", "It's really good game as it works without WiFi", "fudu game i am give you star due to not post okkk", "this is one of the nonsense game I ever found", "the comtrols are terrible and i you hink the game in general sucks.", "Very good and nice game i love it very much", "AWESOME GAME. WON MY HEART SUPERB", "New version launch kab hoga it's a nice game", "it's OK I guess it's a cool game you should play it", "this is my first experience with this game I thought this game is very good that I install this game", "I luv this game very much . I don't know why but I luv it \u2661\u2661\u2661", "it is good game. it is very less mb. and graphics so nice.", "very fun. enjoy it. pls download it. its free. no lag. lots of fun.", "it's exciting and very easy for kids and 5th and 6th class students not for elders", "very funny and addictive nice cars great levels no ads", "Nice I Liked The Game Super Wonderful", "Good time passer. Great game to relax.", "so good game I am aman Choudhary", "driving too much and level very easy", "it's really marvellous my childhood game", "a aw aws awso awsom awsome awsom awso aws aw a took time", "It is my favourite offline Android game.", "A very good game but graphics are not that good", "worked great for awhole then started freezing up", "Good but add new theme and change the graphic", "very very good game,I liked this game ,exelent!!!!!\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00", "it is the best and first game I like and want to play everytime.", "The game is nice but in the game the man is sleeping all the time", "best driving game i have ever played .", "it's a great way to kill time and it's fun, easy to play", "very nice game i love this game nice garphics our fun it", "Great game, I play it all the time. \ud83d\udc4d"], "Asphalt 9: Legends - 2019's Action Car Racing Game": ["Good game but don't forget to link your account to something. I lost my progress and it took one week of emails to the devs to restore my account. Multi-player I don't feel like it's balanced.. Frequently get people with higher group getting matched. Of course nobody can win against their cars so it...Full Review", "leaves need for speed in the dust. incredible. play with controller and manual controls for the ultimate experience. i have a one plus 6t phone with the snapdragon 845, using a Bluetooth xbox 1 controller and i have the graphics on high with no issues. my only wish is that the races were longer. hon...Full Review", "Stability has now improved, but we aren't there yet. The multiplayer can have some improvements. E.g. it is odd that one is in last position when the car right in front of you is number 4. It is also odd that when tou are the last one to connect, other players seem to have had a headstart. And it st...Full Review", "To be honest. The 1.5gig download wasn't worth it. This game isn't challenging, you don't have control of the car and the only thing u can do is use a drift button and nitro button... I tought a big game like this would be more challenging but like most of the games from gamdloft it all is about mak...Full Review", "It has taken me some time to get used to the newest iteration of the Asphalt games, but it is awesome. The latest update offers full controller support, and that makes the experience even better. There are some kinks with the full support, but it doesn't stop me from racing on a daily basis. Awesome...Full Review", "Good game, decent graphics, not really a pay to win game, BUT, The maps in this game and the physics in this game will make you be so pissed because there are certain ramps that you shouldn't do because if you do, you'll bounce and wreck.. And also, VERY UNBALANCED Multiplayer. I met a 2.5k rank car...Full Review", "Absolutely Amazing! (in my opinion). Asphalt 9: Legends is maybe the best racing game of beauty and game play out of all of the Ashpalt series. It's amazingly sooth and very fast pasted, which I love about the Ashpalt series. When I first played Ashpalt 8, I though it couldn't be any better, guess I...Full Review", "This is the best game I have ever played in my life. What I liked about the game is that the graphics, the game was real and the cars were totally looking real as I could imagine myself driving in it. The gameplay is very good, I think it is smooth but I don't know for some people if they liked it o...Full Review", "i am very displeased with this game and i will be uninstalling. who wants to pay money just to have to have to hope they can fully upgrade their car. i can never win what happened to racing being racing. It takes skill not money to win. You have completly destroyed competitive racing. I hope someone...Full Review", "A great game but lot of bugs in this latest version. Game shuts down middle of a race. Display after game hangs. We end up loosing fuel and points. Please please fix the bugs. I use one of the best flagship phones with 8gb ram and 256gb space so for sure its not my phone.", "I wanted to give this a full 5 stars, but lately the game is crashing a lot from ads. Before or right after playing an advertisement, the game would crash 90% of the time... Other than that, this has the best graphics I've ever seen on a mobile game, great sense of speed, nice visuals, multiplayer t...Full Review", "I have one issue with the game. I have bad screen burn in from hours and hours and hours of playing! If the developers could find a way to randomly move the speedo, runtime and pause button or allow us to change its colour. Fantastic game. Graphics are superb. Love the music. Would love 60fps though...Full Review", "very amazing game... loved it... but plz will improve the graphics... partical system because when high speed wind comes, it looks so wierd and when we launch our car, the smoke around tires is so bad.. it doesnt looks like a smoke where in asphalt 8.. it is amazing... by the way. the game is AMAZIN...Full Review", "I really liked the graphics and style. The tutorial was easy to understand and well paced. The only complaint I have is that TouchDrive feels like cheating. This feature automatically controls acceleration and steering all the time. It seems to me that it takes away the skill and turns this into a d...Full Review", "1. Game is pretty awesone but please give us the better & easier way to open the blue prints & parts for all cars, please. 2. if possible please put more track roads or sites from different countries, please. 3. please, accept debit cards for payments as well, because i tried so many times but it re...Full Review", "I love this game! There is one thing I would change. Once you get all the blueprints for a car and you have all of it's stars it shouldn't be possible to get them anymore. The only blueprints I should be getting are for cars I don't have yet or to star up the ones I do have. The trade in point syste...Full Review", "I'm sorry but every other asphalt actually feels like your racing in this game it feels like you gambling. The way you earn cars is just bad and not that rewarding. Also where is the mastery races those are good. The AI racers are very rigged you can tell if you replay the races they get a random sp...Full Review", "I didnt really like it. Graphics is not on Gameloft level. The campaign is built on rails. The cars dont feel cars. You are lost between a simulator and an arcade, thats bad, Forza series got stuck in this. There are two excellent games on Android and IOS; simulator Real Racing 3 and arcade Asphalt ...Full Review", "First thing you see: this \"touchdrive\" thing which is really just for 3 year olds. Also, the game looks like it runs at, like, half my phones resolution (not a big problem), and by default, none of the other cars have shadows (ugly) (high gfx quality fixes this, but asphalt 8 never had that problem)...Full Review", "you are cheats you hold people back from winning blueprints to make them spend money ! even with over rated cars you can't win the race becuz you need it only that blueprint now to unlock that car! played the stage over 12 times in a stronger car than the rating so what's going on! CHEATS!", "Gameplay is arcade style, graphics are impressive for mobile, and controls are available for all levels of skill. If you can get into a club, play several hours a day -especially to stay in a good club- you can make some significant progress. If you only have a few minutes to play daily? Then you wi...Full Review", "Gameloft make it only for money! If you're not make for money so add these things. 1)Add daily 300 token in #goalCombo. 2)Add 2million credit in #dailyEvents with D,C,B,A and S Cars. 3)Add 10 blueprints(S car) 10 blueprints(A car) 10 blueprints(B cars) 10 blueprints(C cars) 10 blueprints(D cars) in ...Full Review", "Ok this game would be good if it did not disconnect, lose concentration and crash every time someone tries to watch ads or in the middle of races. Oh before they say something my connection is great I play my other games no problem and I sent them feedback and nothing was done. You know what this ga...Full Review", "I used to play the only game. But know in the latest updated version, from any jump if I give the perfect nitro to the car almost in the middle of the take off point. The app crashes and stops. It's now been more than 20times. Fix this problem plz.", "Hey i don't know why but i cant update this game to latest update . The new update of game is like 433MB but when i click on download it start downloading but when it reaches 433MB mark it never stops and and everytime I start again and it happens again and goes above 1GB .Help me please. When it wi...Full Review", "massive step backwards from asphalt 8, you cant turn your own car, the layout isnt intuitive in fact its about as annoyingly over complicated as it can get, nothing from asphalt 8 carries over, not vip points, not cars, nothing. looks flashy because its essentially a few videos strung together on a ...Full Review", "The game itself is real good. Touchdrive is super good. Ultra quality graphics. One issue though. While playing, the game crashed a few hours ago. It used to run both on WiFi and 4G, but now it only works on WiFi after that crash. FYI, I have a functioning high speed connection on both Wifi and 4G.", "I really like this game. But because it's not opening at the moment one less star. I miss playing already. It says I have no connection when my Internet is unlimited!!! Please someone tell me what's going on as I still have a long way to go! .. Thank you, Coco", "really hate the wait. Even if I want to skip the fuel tank waiting with an ad, the game always CRASHES (and when im racing) . Really hate the skip option of the fuel and need to spend tokens on it. And the graphics aren't good. And I hope to have this game offline. It's a waste of mobile data whenev...Full Review", "Nooob game ever made. Im leading the match ,never crash but the bot just appear right at the timing 100meter before finish line. This game totally pay to win game , the worst enemy can just cut you as the recommended rank number not higher.", "Why do you gameloft guys have to be oversmart everytime and put fuel systems in every cars!! It already takes a lot of time and effort to unlock 1 car and upgrade it. When its already unlocked why cant I use the car to play as many races I want like in asphalt 8? Please remove the fuel system in thi...Full Review", "The game is very buggy, always crashes when viewing ads to earn rewards even on my OnePlus 6 with the OS and every other software upto date. The game is crashing even after a factory reset with complete data wipe. They have not fixed the issue even after me sending them the crash logs which they had...Full Review", "Wow they jumped the shark hard on this one. No quick race, auto driving set by default, a \"fuel\" energy system, always online. Don't even bother get Asphalt 8 or Nitro instead.", "I've put hours into getting bonus cars such as bugatti Chiron. little did I know that it was all a massive waste of time. unless you pay money you won't get it. this is misleading, it should be made clear before you spend 40 hours playing that you have to pay. disgusting. ALSO WHY DO YOU ALWAYS GIVE...Full Review", "constant crashing, and i don't mean the cars. after the update last week i can't finish most races without the app shutting down unexpectedly. used to only do that after playing ads (seemed like a trick to make me watch more, really) but now the crashing during races leaves completely frustrated wit...Full Review", "i wish the cars were available in exchange of credits cuz while the cards piling up, we couldn't just keep upgrading the cars, that doesn't help for non career based races.... hope there's gonna be some changes.. apart from that, its a wicked game", "this game is so annoying sometimes. when you're doing air action thing at some points it will return you back to the place where uou jumped, but the car is on the road not off the one. that's disturbing.", "this is one of the best games i have ever played. this has the best graphics i have ever seen. the good thing is its free. but not all devices are supported. with all the great cars in the game, i will never get sick of this. (untill asphalt 10 comes)", "This is a wide spread issue. After the update the game won't open and it says something went wrong and the download couldn't complete successfuly. Pls fix it as soon as possible. It is a bug the developers can easily deal with. The game overall is 5 stars.", "you should make a restart button instesd if having to go back to lobby once again only to play a 40 sec race. im tired of it already, whats the point??", "Playing experience in normal mode is fine. maximum time in multiplayer server response behave weirdly some other car became a ghost and pass through my car and you can't chase them further. App gives me a option watch add to get some bonuses but app got crashed many time if you watch them. Above men...Full Review", "Very well made game. The story mode is extremely \"story\" like though. Only one path you can choose and must do races in order. Fuel timer is garbage. I have only played a few days and can clearly see its a pay 2 win app. A sad step down from A8.. From what I can see so far you can't even choose whic...Full Review", "The game is constantly crashing on a flagship device: Xperia XZ1 Compact. The performance is horrible. The game always launches playing the same song. The fuel is extremely expensive for high-end cars. The wait time is abominable. The multiplayer matchmaking is stupid: low-end players are matched wi...Full Review", "1) Rewards are are a joke compared to the prices (credits, red coins, etc). 2) Why do I always have to start on the last place in career mode? 3) \"Daily car loot\" becomes 90% useless after a while,  rewards need to be changed, instead of getting those useless \"trade coins\". 4) Trade coins rewards ar...Full Review", "very stupid game. it is not a game. it is a video. They keep telling you every single step to take. They won't let you control the car. They plaster the whole screen with hints with no option to turn it off. It the most worthless above 1gig game i have ever seen", "1. it the nitro/ break onl work in touchscreen mode, it wouldn.t work with a keyboard nor a joystick 2. the ads are too intrusive, not talking about the ads u watch for gas refill, but the ones that randomly pop up in game 3. it doen.t matter if i play in my oneplus 6t(snapdragon 845 8gb ram) or my ...Full Review", "I've had to change my 5 start rating on this game because it's becoming increasingly unplayable. About 2 updates ago the app crashes constantly. It used to be when viewing ads (something you do to get some bonuses, which I don't begrudge because it's a free game, devs gotta eat). Lately it crashes w...Full Review", "um How are you supposed to play this game? it doesn't even load. just says I need a stable connection. I'm on my wifi and other apps load up smoothly. Tried uninstalling then reinstalling. Nope, Can't play. Guess I'll make room for another game.", "Nice graphics and collection of cars. however, my s8 phone encountered crash while getting to watch ad few times. The time to refuel should be proportional to the balance. now refilling 4/5 or 0/5 takes the same time! Multiplayer not that fair, I see gold league players with high spec cars while pla...Full Review", "Random wreck by teleporing hackers during multiplayer (still present). Update: Regera event was a scam, forced to buy Low tier cars using 1000s of tokens. No Regera packs at all. I will give the game one more S class special event, before uninstalling. One star removed.", "Great graphics, probably the best I've ever seen from a phone game. I'm near the end of career mode, I need cards to get the Force 1 car, but I can only get those cards by grinding forever in special event that only happens ONCE every two weeks. You can't pick which card you get, it's random and usu...Full Review", "* Please change the cars in the daily car loot according to the player level.! They are useless. * About 80 percent of the \"Reward blueprints\" are maxed out cars. useless. * trade coin items are too expensive. * too much limitation for the gameplay.", "Great game but not so great as the 8 series. Some races have poor/unclear or too crowded trace and some have nothing to do with your skills . Also too much more Ads and paying orientated. But still remain one of the greatest game for mobile devices.", "I've been playing this for some time. I just came to Pakistan for holidays and now I cannot access the daily events, and all other activities that need to be synced to the server. I never had this problem with Asphalt 8. Please tell me what to do", "not worth investing time not as good gameplay as asphalt 8 and when they get something new they purposefully f*** up the old game i played for years(too long) to force people to this. in app purchases is the only way to play properly and they r expensive as heck.", "The new Multiplayer season sucks.! Its not fare when you match me with the hackers.... The hackers cannot dominate this game., you should do something., if u don't., i think u should take a gun and make a suicide", "Since the latest update that's suppose to improve on \"controller support\" has completely nulled the inputs.. The only controlls that still work are the analog sticks Shoulder buttons don't do anything now, B is now the start button? Its made it completely unplayable This was a 5 star game until the ...Full Review", "Great game, great graphics, need to bring back toggle controls to give more immersive racing, you feel very limited as anything other than swipe control is very difficult to use. Also need to have option for what songs you listen to while you drive, such as song skip etc.", "had it when it 1st came out was good then. i rated it 5 star but now i give it 1 everything is messed up constant shutdowns video glitches constuntly thrown out of online and most of all the daily loot races used to be a fair challenge but now its just crazy hard reqired pretty much a maxed out car....Full Review", "It's a decent game, The 1st impressions with the graphics are really nice since Ubisoft can fit console quality graphics onto high spec phones, The touchdrive controls are odd for this game series and I find the manual controls from Asphalt 8 to be much better than this game's manual controls. The f...Full Review", "App always Crashes during ADs and keeps on crashing till you restart the phone. One of the worst physics game and horrible Multiplayer experience. Keep it up.", "pissed as hell at this game. the amount of money they ask for is insane its like they dont even think about the amount they are asking really if want your cars to be unlocked i guess you have to put in nearly 1500$ still i think you wont be getting all the cars unlocked and while buying you dont eve...Full Review", "Not able to open game. I am already have Airbone 8, So it means to play Airbone 9 need to uninstall Asphalt 8 from my mobile ??. Please confirm me so I will also enjoy new version of my favourite game.", "The graphics nice but!!! The controls are just terrible, even with joystick. So you must chuse the automatic control option. And of course you need to play again and again and again... the same races to win a new car or pay a lot of real money.", "All rare cards lost or stolen, can't progress in game anymore..!!!!!!... I get the reward but I can't find anything when I try to upgrade cars and the samething happens if I bought from legend store.. already emailed support team but no single response from them.. I think it's time now to uninstall ...Full Review", "event tickets are too less..there should be minimum 15 event ticket to play the game with interest..! most of the races takes 3 tickets for a single race and this is very irritating..! pls update for more event tickets", "Well Graphics, Night mode, cars with customization(limited) live all the stuff. But when it comes to multiplayer it sucks real bad in comparison to A8. Please do some thing for matchmaking. It's highly unfair. Just bcz I have more points I'm placed last against cars way more Superior to me. And that...Full Review", "Csr2 lets you play w/out Wifi,this stupid game won't, some can't get wifi you'll are loosing fans to Csr2 Keep your stupid fn races they're stupid.!!!A 9 can't u all do something 4 p'pl who don't have Wifi but wanna ply this game? I played game b4 w/out Wifi? A sad fan.\u2639Sad nvr need wifi to ply game...Full Review", "The best asphalt game ever. before this I always thought nfs had an edge in terms of graphics and gameplay but this one has gotten everything right. The only complain is it gets a little overwhelming with the upgrades and maps which I'm pretty sure I'll get use to. Great work by the team.", "terrible the a.i. in this game do nothing but try to crash you out. you have to pay big bucks to get anywhere. dont waste your time on this game.", "Its feel like cheated when you playing multi player race. When i hit any car with shockwave nothing will happen if i am going for lvl 2 or 3 card but car will destroy if i m playing for lvl 1 card(5 ponits). Can't understand why and what is multi player reces ment for. Worst game ever played", "02/03/19. It would be nice if the game makers would even acknowledge our comments . I do love the game but it would be better without the new slipstream races . I can hit all the cars I want and nothing happens but one car just touches me I get blown up. You need to either fix it or get rid of it in...Full Review", "Like all asphalt games its designed to throw rewards at you early on before wedging you into an inescapable rut that you have to pay real money to get out of. JUST CHARGE MONEY FOR THE GAME AND REMOVE PAY TO WIN! People don't resent paying for games, they resent paying over and over.", "coming from an experienced player from asphalt 8. I can say I dont really like this game. I was excited at first cause i thought asphalt 8 was perfect. How could 9 be worse? They had the percect formula, just add some spice. I liked the career mode. its a nice touch, but thats about where it ends. m...Full Review", "I changed my stars cause the game wont stay on. I don't even get to play. it comes off for a second or 2. then cut off. I have a Galaxy Note 9. can you fix it?", "Game doesn't opening..!!! Am Using OnePlus 5 mobile., with Android 9 pie..!! Initially i was playing, with no issues..!! But recently.. the game was not opening..! while i open the game.. it automatically closes..!! Please do solve this issue...!!! If tis problem gets solved.. surely u wil rated wit...Full Review", "Good game if you spend 100 a week. Used to do that on KSB to be in the top 10. They seriously want me to spend 400 on a car then the same 2 more times to get 3stars.its a joke", "The latest update has made the app broken down. It couldn't be connecting to the Net though I have tried several times", "it's been a while since I have played this game. I remember why I stopped. I have to watch adds if I want the bonus money. I can't just buy the blueprints I have to wait until you decide to put it on the list. on top of that why do I have to get 80 to 90 + blueprints to unlock the level of the car b...Full Review", "its a awesome game, however it has to many blueprints to collect, the prices for stuff is to much and the cards packs are to randem.. ive been playing for 4 weeks now and still haven't unlocked the ford 50th edition yet,still waiting for it to come up in the car packs.. but i suppose its a typical G...Full Review", "TouchDrive must have been programmed by the same monkey that programmed my in-car Sat Nav - that tried to direct me through a live army firing range... Also, this app crashes more than I've ever done in real life whilst driving. And I've never been involved in an accident... SORT IT OUT, GAMELOFT!", "The game is a real pleasure to play. From novice to pro both should be able find fun. Very creative use of difficulty settings. Players have several options to control their cars as well, from keyboard to game pad etc.. The game has good graphics and run smoothly on all of my devices. This is a grea...Full Review", "got tired after few weeks. lags in multiplayer and if u cant connect to game it still uses fuel. deleted, not worth the time.", "So Difficult in higher level, the graphic was so great but the gameplay is too hard. its make me more stressed out and not enjoying the game", "the game itself is good but who wanted this game be played online always? im living in a country where the internet is expensive and slow. im sorry but will be giving 1 star since it cannot be playable offline. \ud83d\ude24", "Best game let down by greedy gameplay decisions. The thing is, this game tries too hard to make you buy packs and tokens. Getting a car is a grind. Even the special cars available only in exclusive special event can be unlocked by cars which are just added to the game. Which nobody has at the moment...Full Review", "i freakig love this game. the only thing i do not like about it is i started a club and invited my friend and it wont stay working on his Iphone 6. LAME... but other then that i love it. its so addicting and i can bearly stop playing.", "The new slip stream thing is dogshit. Zero knowledge of map necessary, just follow the guy in front? Rubbish. I'd rather drink a mug of my own hot piss.", "The game is really good. Crisp graphics and racing is enjoyable. The only downside is that the game crashes a lot. I use a phone with Snapdragon 845 processor and 6gb of RAM, but still the game crashes very frequently. It crashes even more when ads run.", "One of the biggest ripoffs i have ever seen. Gameloft are total douches. You could spend well over $100 on this game and not even unlock a competition-worthy premium vehicle. And if you are just starting now, the spending curve is just too steep, you won't be able to compete against anyone who has b...Full Review", "Stop full screen ad popups...its annoying...Fix app freeze app crash foreclose on poco f1...sync issues.. ...fix multiplayer bugs.. horrible physics... random crashes...Another grinding game ...good graphics", "I feel like the people playing multiplayer are somehow cheating the game. My car outranks them sometimes by as much as 50% yet I lose with a heavy margin. Great game otherwise just don't expect any fairness in their weekly MP games.", "Negetives; No rear view mirror. Al and cops are pathetic. Only default & high graphics settings. Default is awful. High is too good that makes gaming lagging", "I'm so sick of knockdowns in multiplayer, people can LIGHTLY bump into you and it will crash your car. It is so easy to get knocked down it is absurd. Its to the point that I'm honestly getting really sick of this game because of all these knockdowns. Instead of adding slipstream to attempt to count...Full Review", "Great game, but the only thing I really want is a \"refuel all\" button. it's a hassle to check every single car after you play.", "As someone who played every last bit of content from Asphalt 8, let me say that this game is awful. Go download 8, forget that 9 ever even happened. Don't get me wrong, this game is still a lot of fun, but they really took something that was amazing and pure and just did it so dirty. It's ruined. So...Full Review", "Im so si addicted to this game nw and just started playing..... Big ups to the creators... Thank you for making such a awsone game", "Qualitywise, the game's decent for a mobile game. But it's too much luck and money driven that at some point, you can't enjoy the game that much anymore. You guys should consider making paid games again \u2013without too much in-game payments, of course\u2013. By the way, Android optimization sucks. My device...Full Review", "Well, it's a good game. Different from A8, this is all about collecting blueprints. At the beginning, it is very exciting but eventually your patience will run out for collecting blueprints and it will become boring. Just said. :] EDIT: I just quit after 2 months of gameplay. The game had potential ...Full Review", "For God Sake Increase tickets !!! 10/10 is not helping with \"Special Events\" . Special Events should have its own special tickets apart from daily events. Make it 50/50!! unity ads does not gets close... i have to crash off the game app to get it close! please improve ad closure button!", "what happened to the update? it went slow. cars felt like they have tons of weights. even if you use the NOS. i hope this one will be fix. i dont know who else is experiencing this. hopefully Gameloft fix the bug.", "at first I was skeptical cause I came from 8, there is a setting that let's you drive like 8 l. better graphics and online community", "WHY THE SAME CAR, IN THE SAME CIRCUIT ACCELERATES DIFFERENTLY DEPENDING ON THE RACE'S STAKE?????? It's so obvious sometimes. For example, an scg003s with 2 stars, used to pull an average of 1:22 on a certain track. Now in a high class event, same track, I have to beat 1:24 but I can't because the ca...Full Review", "the graphics are great, the gameplay is amazing BUT, every single time theres an ad , the game crashes, every time, wrote about 20 feedbacks, didnt get an answer why, you can skip the waiting time for the cars to refill its gas for racing by watching a 30 sec ad and it crashes. I have xiaomi mi mix ...Full Review", ",OBSESSION,\" IS THE BEST WORD,I CAN USE TO DESCRIBE THESE GAME,the only problem is my gf gets abgryn takes my phone away,these game is getting me into alot of trouble, but I love it,I had it on my s8,lovely upgraded n have it on my s9,I love it more\ud83e\udd70\ud83e\udd70\ud83e\udd70\ud83e\udd70", "Like it but the multiplayer is pretty bad. On a wifi connection and it says poor connection strength, kicks you out of the race and takes points away from you, and you lose fuel. For a game based on watching adverts, this part of the system is really buggy. crashes while watching adverts, or locks y...Full Review", "great free game from a great company I only wish there were more games like this. Gameloft, if you're reading can you please create a new open world game which is free like this and has something to do with batman. I remember playing your batman game TDKR. I was baffled and I loved it. But when I tr...Full Review", "are you kidding me gameloft! 2 months I've been working on unlocking my first S class vehicle! 2 MONTHS!!!! and on the day I'm supposed to finally unlock it your game won't open! it tells me it cannot connect to server. so I force close the app and try again with no luck! I know it's not my phone be...Full Review", "this game is 100% pay to win, in order to get started properly you will need to spend well over 150$. in order to upgrade your car past a certain point you need cards of that car (this is how you buy cars and level them up) and so they extort even more moeny out of you. this sadly has become the nor...Full Review", "Hi all, after play this version for more 3 months. i think this one is really Suck. there are many stupid changes from asphalt 8 that make the game is more boring. game balance is bad, game play have many bugs especiallly is nitro shockwave , spin 360 -stun .espcially the Sliptream is the most terib...Full Review", "Shame on you for adding controller support. It's a mobile game for a reason, now all the SSRI-dependent mouthbreathers are going to pollute this previously decent game. Controllers are for consoles, not for mobile; it's not rocket science.", "Fantastic game all around. Amazing graphics,and game play. I am astonished that this is a phone game. I've played the Asphalt games on the phone's since my Galaxy 3, am on the S-8+now. This is one of the best ones I've played to date.", "The game is really good but the Physics engine makes you piss off & hate the game and you have what they so call \"Elite cars\" which can be only obtained by opening your wallet (A traditional pay to win game). These type of cars can also be obtained in car hunt events in which you have packs that wil...Full Review", "Why I cant I install at my Asus Zenfone Max Pro M2? I was able to play it on Max Pro M1. But when I try to install on Max Pro M2, it says the app is not compatible with the phone. I checked both have same Android version 8.1.0. Please advise", "exceptionally brilliant game! amazing graphics no technical glitches even on a low hardware configuration phone. repetitive tracks and lengthy game career makes it a little boring otherwise awesome!", "1. Fix the synchronization problem. It happen suddenly. 2. Dual season is worst. Too many player use accelerate hack. Better keep up with 8 players.", "Overall this game is a lot of fun and easy to use. The reason for the 3 stars however is the plateou you reach in this game. After having spent 30 dollars in this game, I am still struggling to do much. It's extremely hard to unlock new cars, let alone upgrade the ones you have. The amount of cards ...Full Review", "this game is amazing. asphalt never disappoints. best racing game out there. now if we could only get the developers to create a shooting game then I'd never get off my phone...... sorry honey", "Really good game that is fun to play. just dont expect to compete as this is a pay to win game. no way to get any top cars without spending a lot. if you are ok with just playing but never really winning or competing in special events or multi player and cant spend more than normal people make in a ...Full Review", "Superb gaming experience. Especially with the goals, be it daily, weekly or for your club. Up for grabs are this month the Bugatti Chiron and the competition with real players from across the world to top the leaderboards. A true virtual adrenaline rush!!! EDIT: Great game... but lately, watching ad...Full Review", "In the beginning the game is fine but after months. Each reward converts to trade coins and trade has no use at all. It will waste your time and energy thats it.", "I have Honor 8x with 4 gb ram and 40gb free but still its not getting start! Plz fix this problem", "I started out with a five star because this is one of the best games out there. However game keeps crashing during game play. So, until that gets fixed it will remain a 4.", "Great game, can't say enough good things about it. But fix the Ad crashes! On my OnePlus 6t, Ads will either lock the app or cause the game to restart. Even with that, i can't stop playing!!", "when ever i see ads on my poco f1 game crashes . 100 out of 80 %times my game crashes . most of the time when i click on ad it works but in middle or in end it just stuck and wouldn't let me get into the game even if i press cross(exit) button . it restarts automatically which is very annoying", "Too bad. 90% of the time during multiayer games, we get poor connectivity. greedy company, more eager to get dollars but less interested to improve their servers.", "Awesome, fun and addictive. Okay now I have been playing this game for like a year and it keeps kicking me out of the game automatically wrecking my car, saying automatic suspension through multiplayer, through the others it freezes up and I have to unpause to play but seriously whats the problem an...Full Review", "constant issues all recorded. ads not working. shows position 2 lower than actual finish (can see car ahead not only by number also on map) page for reporting issues \"contact forms\" reset after press send and states have issues...problems persist and add on. email sent had no reply except automated ...Full Review", "This game is the best racing game out here. I just have one suggestion: please include Anti-aliasing option in the settings.", "really awhpalt 9 is dumb ass .. becoz i felt asphalt nitro is real game like wide roads speedy cars , superb action , in nitro the cars moves from your finger tips , so the best chalenge games are in asphalt nitro , and y u guys intrudeced this very lazy asphlt 9 idont . u cannot. win if u r not act...Full Review", "I don't have to pay to get a kick out of it, which is great. Though you can tell they REALLY want you to buy into that card bull lol.", "The game crashes a lot lately. Always losing the points earned by watching ads after the races. And I have a good connection so that is not the perimete problem. Gameloft needs to look into this as many users are having this problem. Perhaps also provide rewards after fixing the same. (for all the c...Full Review", "I really want to love this game, however the monitisation methods used just ruin it for me. The pay wall kicks in at about 6% career progression. I have no issue with paying for games, but not this random loot microtransations.", "very good controls. super graphics. awesome music. But it could me more fun with full screen on my OnePlus 6t. and after the update the game keeps crashing white watching an ad for a pack.", "the game is amazing, but fix the bugs plz. the game always quit automatically when i watching ad, that even happen when i playing a race! that made me mad! fix the bugs as soon as possible plz\ud83d\ude24", "Edit: they fixed it within a couple hours. good job guys!. was great but now won't open...says I don't have connection when I do. Gonna give it a day or too and then uninstall if they don't fix....and won't be reinstalling...not worth the 1.75 GB of storage it uses ...and its not just my phone eithe...Full Review", "Game is awesome it's best car racing game i have ever played nothing is bad in game, but please Make multiplayer races with almost equal rankings PLEASE IMPROVE This one I will give 5 \ud83c\udf1f stars", "Great arcade racing game. The only things holding it back is the game will crash alot and if you use tilt steering it will occasionally loose sync.", "I like this game alot , and i begin playing this when i played my first driving game asphalt 8 and this is the most good game i ever play , i give you 4 stars because there's no offline option plsss make it offline , the other is online and the other is offling and good game p.s sorry for my bad eng...Full Review", "this has got to be the wost game iv seen from you guys. iv been a fan since the first asphalt came out. this really disappoints me. I think asphalt 8 is better", "There is no way you can get any of the best cars unless you spend 1000+ dollars on this game. The developers are greedy for money. This game is absolutely a scam. Don't download it.", "Oh man every time ads popup be shown on screen... very bad thing... it's so annoying.. Like 1 drop of Urine in 1 litter pure milk... you are big game developer but you are so stupid...fix this", "the game is really good,except the multiplayer match making. No balancing of car ratings most of the cars play against have rating almost double of mine car rating", "Was a good game to many bugs, if you can cope with multiple advert crashes it's one of the best apps very addictive well was until \"slipstream\" came into play ruins a really great game it's a shame was a 5 star game now a star and that's being generous the watching of adverts to reduce fuel fails mo...Full Review", "2feb19: nothng been done abt poor signals hampering gameplay despite netwrk being completely stable... wish could rate this game 0 multiplayer race has some serious buggy play... i finish 2nd/3rd but final result shows 6th position.. on top of that player 7 shows = but i lose 14 rating points...", "you get 4 stars because the multiplayer sucks. if you get knocked out and end up in the back there is no catch up so your stuck in last place. horrible match making. other than that the rest of the game is solid", "annoying tutorial. can't even play it offline. graphicsbare nice and all but asphalt 8 is better. uninstalled it minutes after I installed the game.", "I am tired man, gas refill and no cars in multi-player.. give it a vip pass to purchase where no gas system and irritating adds.. definitely I will purchase this", "It's a really good game, on par with Asphalt 8. Bur for some reason, for the tilt-to-steer type controls, the car isn't turning at all when I tilt the phone. It was working fine the first few days, but after that.. it wasn't working. If this problem weren't there, the game would've got a 5 stars fro...Full Review", "After lastest update, the controller support just doesn't works! The game recognize my device as a keyboard and in this way is impossible to play! Please, fix it!", "i play a lot of car racing but this game is amazing i love this game devs requesting forteam battle for fb friend or global race thank you devs happy 2019 mosre power more count of blessing\ud83d\ude07", "Gorgeous game with many locations from worldwide like Himalayas and many more gameplay is fabulous with 360\u00b0 stunts Better than Asphalt 8 Airborne But there is one problem The game crashes frequently it's full of bugs Please fix this issue Gameloft", "On this new update I found lag and performance issues, even in the performance graphics settings, the multiplayer is the same unfair game mode, it needs a manual graphics settings (Shadows, defocus, etc )", "i love this game ,best game ever! but i HATE slipstream mp seasons please make them less common, its just pure chaos and no fun then", "bad multiplayer destroy all the fun. bad matchmaking and everyone can get past you and you never catch up again! they can destroy you with 360 but you can't do that without being wrecked. i think of removing this game", "I love this game but i m still unable to use D-pad of ps4 controller when i connect it with my mobile. Recent update has not resolved the issue", "Amazing game with amazing graphic. My only complaint is the freezing when watchjng ads to double rewards or earn free cards. Other than that, no issues.", "takes up waaaayyy to much space forit not to be offline like 8 and every time it crashed it takes up gas hate the new gas mechanic and it is way to hard to get cars and tokens /gold love the game but why restrict me from finishing a career level bcause i cant get a car (camaro zl1 50th edit) but gra...Full Review", "Love the game but the adverts keep crashing it. I even have to close down my phone to continue playing. Please sort out your links to the ads", "this game is boring. you don't have control of the cars, it's not even challenging. I prefer asphalt 8. I RECOMMEND NOT TO DOWNLOAD THIS GAME.", "this is a problem my. cae does not open back side of up the car this problem you solve .you not solve the problem im uninstal the game not give 5star this game . so solve this problem", "The only issue I have is during league races...continually allows others to crash me but won't let me do the same...now it won't let me load it up it has message pop up about your server", "Dear Gameloft...\ud83d\ude1e\ud83d\ude1e my controller appear as keyboard even though the in-game menu navigation now works with the directional and analogue stick but I can't select with neither \"A\" nor X,Y,B buttons after I hv navigated to a menu...and the worst part of it is during gameplay controller doesn't work a...Full Review", "There is a problem while I want to watch the adverts for refilling the gas.... There is something a bug like while m clicking it always stuck on first second of the advert and this is happening 90% times... Thats y no refilling", "Really love the game and everything. But I just have a problem in multiplayer slipstream mode. I think you have to give the player an option to choose between the normal mode or the slipstream mode. Other than that I think the game is perfect.", "races are tooo short....more cars and locations should be added like asphalt airborne.......much better than asphalt 8 still!! touchdrive mode should be discarded", "Cool game \ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc4d suggestions- \ud83d\udc9eprovide pause option in so ftlo events (career mode etc.) \ud83d\udc9eadd more songs please , and give us option to change a song whenever we want \ud83d\udc9eglobal chat option \ud83d\udc9eprovide us ability so we can also start/create tournaments/events for our club mates and also for global playe...Full Review", "superb game i really appreciate it but some cons 1.very difficult to unlock cars in multiple games 2.very difficult to win because opponent have very upgraded cars 3. double coin feature with add work only when u get 5 thousand or below 5 thousand coins 4.only 4 or 5 tracks in the whole game name ch...Full Review", "1-the arabic isn't present in the game 2-The game doesn't have offline mode 3-the music is socks 4-the graphics aren't so good in (bq Aquaris X ) 5-other things are good", "worst in watch ads.. i want a reply for that.. can't watch ads in game for appoloN car BP advertise... Game is good. but some bugs still there..", "Need lot more improvement for graphics of the game you can add slow motion effect while doing crazy stunts, make it more easier as a game so people can understands and play it well. i love your asphalt 8 still playing it but you must improve this 9th one please all the best.", "I did rate this 5 star but recently noticed how often it crashes when watching ads for extra rewards or for doubling race winnings. Please sort this out soon. Re edit.... 1 star I'm getting pissed off with multiplayer...does not match up whatsoever anymore \ud83d\ude24", "Better than any other racing game.. Need for Speed doesn't come close, neither real racing in terms of fun, easy upgrades, unlockin cars, series of multilayer events and many more.", "The game crashes a lot means a lot when i click to watch a ad it crashes i don't get my reward too. And one more thing why only same song get played when i open the game previous version it was not the same plz fix it asap. Thank you", "If you are loving for a fast-furious car racing game, able to destroy other players by crashing car, and able to drift your car, you would love this game. Excellent car game ever. Nothing I can complaint about. This is not a car simulation racing game. The graphics is fantastic and smooth.", "fix controls by making them better, atleast make them equal to Aspault 8 controls,I cant even drive as I want to without using Autodrive but its a handicap so plz fix the controls, this game needs a cherry on the top !!!", "honestly this gameis good just the bugs tho other stuff are fine. i like this game cuz of the balanced multiplayer i could easily clap an acura w a ds e tense now.its perfect but. gameloft can u please make customizable graphics and 60fps on mobile. plus can u make more tracks i want an indonesian t...Full Review", "To many ads to progress and unlock cars just got the update and it now has stopped my gaming controller working will not play game still they sort it. \u2639\ufe0f\u2639\ufe0f\u2639\ufe0f\u2639\ufe0f\u2639\ufe0f", "the app is only for pro players...not for noobs....i am playing this game continuesly....from the last 3months ..and my garagelevel also maxed.....but still i don't have enough car to play multiplayer....because they can put the high er rank cars with our lower rank cars.... example our car rank 214...Full Review", "Love the game being playing since release, a little money hungry that's why I don't give it 5 but great game... I love it play everyday to improve cars and get a little advantage", "Driving on auto is too easy, driving on manual is too awkward. Still a worthwhile game though... APP KEEPS CRASHING, MOSTLY DURING ADS!", "On the whole, Asphalt 9 is on of the best racing games out there. I would rate it 5 stars but some of the cars needs proper money spent on them, and that is something i cant afford. But i do understand the need to do that.", "Game is fun. But Devs are too GREEDY with in game currency and real life money. Not enough free currency given and car packs are WAY too expensive to buy with real money.", "Awesome game downloaded when it was released will delete all games on ma phone but not this one only thing that ruined this game is the latest update SLIPSTREAM mode in multiplayer like totally stupid not that fun to play Multiplayer sucks normal was better", "Plz optimise the game for kirin 710 I get gr8 graphics in my honor 8x but due to lack of anti aliasing the game looks boring overall game is gr8 but plz just optimise it for kirin 710 or provide a independent antialislasing option for android", "First of all remove Knock-downs in multiplayer. Also I am not spending three tickets in an event to earn 2k credits!!! Are you kidding me? That's 30 minutes worth, only to get 2000 credits? That's ridiculous.", "What happen to this game I cannot even enter after the update... I am using Redmi note 3 divice. It really upset me... please fix it for me", "sorry if its a little negative, but all you do is click to which way the car turns, and you cant even control the steering or speed.\ud83d\ude1e", "Nice and addictive...pls friendly racing must improve it seems u have to add someone to a club before we can race together....please improve it with another option", "Gameloft is removing the fun of the game, they are doing a lot of Multiplayer seasons that are boring just to get more money, if they don't fix those problems we may not going to play it anymore, after all is it a play to win or pay to win?", "It's a amazing game . Today new update came . It is written in the information section that new special event , new season of multiplayer has been added but in the game no update has been added please fix it fast", "latest update says my gamepad is keyboard. I did like the game but now cannot play in the way I liked. :( it is a mocute 050 gamepad", "Crashes a lot. If it crashes during a race you lose gas and/or Event ticket. Pay to win. I also hate that you have to be connected to the internet to play.", "hate it....not good as asphalt 8.... missing controls and stering.....game is too much complicated reward and points and unlocking cars...very hard for normal people...installing asphalt 8 again..", "Lots of elements copied from NFS No Limits, especially the blueprint thing and 30 second races. Apart from that, Gameloft have outdone themselves. The soundtrack is hands down unbeatable, never thought it can be this good in an Asphalt game. The graphics are phenomenal, gameplay is definitely an imp...Full Review", "Actually Game is owsome . but today its show connection error number 2. if your server are under maintenance please send msg to players by when we start game...", "The hit detection on the trains in the game needs to be fixed, remove the fuel system, and the mutiplayer matches should be paired up by car rank instead of multiplayer rank", "the special event is not showing to me but my phone is Android 10 please what can i do but this game is perfect", "Love it, just love it. Not much more to say, but I have not given this game full 5 stars because I just want to attract the attention of the developers, please I want an update with which we can get first person for driving those awesome cars, altyough it's true that it would become much harder to p...Full Review", "money maker, but it's free so can't complain. would rather it cost a few quid and didn't have annoying restrictions such as gas, and difficulty unlocking cards"], "Helix Jump": ["This is an amazing game and my favourite app. I have only had it for about 2 months and I am on level 380. The only things I dislike about the app is that when u go quite close but not on the poison platforms it will sometimes kill u. Also I think the amount of adds should be decreased but overall I...Full Review", "Fun game. A great way to pass time. Sadly they have added more ads! Now they block the screen making it hard to get a level started. this was once a nice way to start the day, but now I only play when my other games are to involved to play.", "I really love this game, it's nice for when you have idle time on your hands and you don't know what to do. It's also 3D which is refreshing compared to all the 2D fall through games. However, it desperately needs more goals, more reasons to play, otherwise your just playing on and on but it's not g...Full Review", "Ridiculous number of ads. I understand the point of having ads in a game but when you have an ad pop every 5-10 seconds, youre spending more time watching ads than playing the game. At that point, this is not a game, its a money generator for this company. It would be a fun game if it wasnt for this...Full Review", "oh man this game is perfect i have been playing it for whole year and i couldnt get enough of it. i am at very high level and this is my jam. my rest of the life is dedicated to save my virginity and playing helix jump in the name of jesus and for the sake of humanity. coz I am the last virgin and l...Full Review", "game is fun but too many ads like everyone has said. this company must be gettimg paid for the bad publicity because it seems like they dont give af enough to change. annoying to have ad pop up after most games one of the ads wont even let u exit without hitting home button. is a 4 star game when u ...Full Review", "I love the game and I was surprised when I found out NOBODY have ever beat it. Google \"How many levels are there in Helix Jump\" and read the article that is titled \"Helix Jump Levels-How many levels are there\". It should be the first result. The only thing that drives me insane is when it freezes up...Full Review", "It's a tragic experience that we face an ad about 3 times per minute while we are playing the game. It's a nice game and enjoyable but this thing with ads it's very important. Find another way to advertise another apps and games guys. Peace \u270c\ufe0f", "Its a good game but your ads causes too much lag and its annoying.. but if u are annoyed with how the ads causes lags, just turn off your wifi or data.. that would make the game ad free and no lags..", "Fun game both addicting and sometimes frustrating but fun. My on Real Frustration, is even after buying the game by clicking the no adds button there seems to be More adds!! Now they're not just inbetween games they're below and on the game screen before you start the game! It eliminates the point o...Full Review", "OMG THIS GAME IS AMAZINGGGG! Im on level 457, and honestly its freaking amazing! I love it so much, and i love how you can change the shape of the ball and splat!!! I LOVE HELIX JUMP:) There is nothing bad about this game, although somethimes it glitches, but not very much. YOU NEED THIS APP!", "Holy Ads Batman! You get a long ad every two attempts, which is like an add every minute. it is incredibly obnoxious. no, i shouldn't have to pay just to make the game playable. the gameplay would be a lot more enjoyable if they chilled tf out on the ads.", "WAY too much ads. Literally, everytime you fail the level you get an ad. The game itself is very addicting and fun, but please, remove the ads or just put them in sometimes and not every 5 seconds!", "Find it a really enjoyable game and quite challenging. too many ads so paid \u00a32.49 to take them off and looks like the company has just pocketed the money because ads still there! Don't waste your money by paying to remove them! would have given this game 4 stars if ads weren't there.", "It's very addictive and the concentration level needed is mind blowing. When I watched my friends playing I said this was a stupid game but I took that all back. And it's technically a never ending game\ud83d\ude0aI give it a good review", "Paid for game with no ads. Paid \u20ac3.09 and got ripped off and still have ads. I emailed them with no reply. SCAM!!!!! also I wrote a review the same yesterday and the deleted it. DO NOT SPEND MONEY ON THIS APP THEY STEAL YOUR MONEY", "Great game! Two problems, though. The game is VERY laggy and whenever I try to revive myself with the video, the video never pops up and the icon disappears. That makes me really disappointed because I love this game!", "Game was fairly average, at first it was much better though. Before the new update there were no ads which I fully understand having ads for more profit but they (on occasion) will interrupt the game. I've even lost my 20,000 point score by getting killed from an ad. There's a couple design issues a...Full Review", "It'd have been a nice game if it was well coded. The game will lag when you'll start skipping more obstacles at once and this always leads me to hit one of them, ending my streak.", "This gamw is a good time killer, it is fun, and simple. it is nice to have fun simple games. I don't even mind the ads too much, and I understand why they are necessary. The problem I have is that the game crashes periodically. Usually happens when trying to load an ad after playing for around 10-20...Full Review", "Purchased the ad free version. Still have all ads. So at best its a poorly managed glitchy game. At worst the creators are lying thieves. either way, stay away .", "I live this game! it's super addictive and as of 20.2.19 I am on level 148. I have only had it for about 2 weeks.There is just one problem. I have unlocked all of the splashes and balls apart from 1 ball. I have up to the multi color ball but I cannot get the next one. it says unlock 10 skins and I ...Full Review", "It keeps on asking you if you want to share your data, and when you press \"save my choises\" it doesent. When you start to play, it doesn't even move. Its a really bad game. Worst game EVER!!!! I suggest you not to get this app for sure. dont risk it. Including that there are SO many apps", "The game is fun but there are WAY TO MANY ADS. I know this is a common thing to hear on game reviews, but I'm serious. The ads are pretty long, and they show up almost every time you die. This is very annoying, and it makes it hard to enjoy the game. Also, it glitches often, and this can mess you up...Full Review", "It's fun but has too many ads and lags too much. Sometimes I just look at my back and then at my phone screen and boom, theres an ad right in my face. I also want the lag to get fixed because its annoying and I always lose.", "Bleck! I hardly ever rate games 1 star (the only other time it happened was when this puzzle game wouldn't let me in to play it). But... this game deserves it. I hate the glitches and ads. It is so annoying when developers put so many ads in their game that you can't even play them. Fix the glitches...Full Review", "I find this game very enjoyable, however, I paid for the no ad version and still have the ads (NOT the revive ones, the regular ones). I have contacted them and have yet to recieve a response. If/when this issue is fixed, I will gladly give a 5 star rating, for now however, I am extremely peeved.", "an amazing game that is fun and keeps you concentrated! on level 12 and 18 it didnt have anything that you usally start again if you touch it, just blank.. i'm not sure if this will happen again", "The game is fine. One problem I am having is I have unlocked all of the different style balls apart from the last one where it says you have to unlock 10 skins which I have already done. So I don't know why it hasn't unlocked?", "Too many adds.....why? Are you fooling people? More than the game are the adds after every 2 chances......please improve.....or else I must have rated it 5 star. Please answer. Overall, the game is still good.", "I've been playing this for ages (like...7200 levels) and I love the new features that have been implemented since November. There's a bug with the green arrows though. Sometimes if you're close to the end of the level the green arrow will break the final platform and the ball will fall into eternity...Full Review", "I AM OBSSESSED WITH THIS GAME!! I love the update and all the different \"skins\" and splashes but I wish there was less adds that is my ONLY complaint for this app. otherwise it is AMAZING! 100% RECOMEND", "IT is a great game I think it is perfect to play if you like facing challenges! But there are a lot of ads that kind of maybe want you to not play, but overall it is a fun game and i reccomend it to everyone! im a real person!", "So I paid for the no ads for this game on my sons phone, my money was taken but I haven't been given what I paid for as ads are still there every 5 seconds...... scamming w*nkers tbh and theres no section for a refund!", "Helix Jump is awesome. I haven't thought about deleting it yet. I'm on level 293. Once I get going it's really fun. Once you get to the higher levels than press a purple button and you'll be able to get a different ball. HOPE YOU HAVE FUN WITH HELIX JUMP", "This game is very addictive and pretty cool looking, and it almost makes up for all of the FREAKING adds. Adds everytime I die, Adds before I start, and even Adds in the middle of me playing! this is ridiculous!", "love this game! I hate playing games on my phone until I found this one. I can't seem to put it down once I start. I do wish they could cut back on the ads just a little they really tick me off", "This is not a relaxing game if thats what youre looking for. Its challenging and aggravating and it makes my whole body tense up. Great fun!", "it's a really cool game a little difficult but that's the point if you update it it's even better the arrows help you out it's fun LOL awesome Pretty Wicked Game fun to play with other people take turns see how many levels you can beat together", "i love this game i knownit has lit of adds but its like every other game and also you can remove them and i love the game because ut makes me feel smart and know how to solve the puzzle. :)", "I'm literally addicted to this game!!! It is so fun and its offline too. My only concerns are that there a a lot of ads, and sometimes you die even when you are close to the poison platforms but not actually touching them. I also have been getting a glitch where it is very fun and easy, but sometime...Full Review", "its unbelievable how many ads there are. every time i die theres an add. it makes it impossible to play. the advertisements for this game are also awful.", "it's a really awesome game add it us but one thing I personally don't like us that when I have my Wi-Fi on it's really slow so i have to turn my Wi-Fi off so that it doesn't lag as much but besides that miner problem it's a really a good game and i enjoy it a lot, i would totally request it to a fri...Full Review", "This game is reeaalllyy good but the thing is that even if the ball is not fully touching the death thing (you know like the different color thing)......you are dead. and also i feel like there are alot of ads but other than that its pretty good! totally recommended. (wish i could give it 4.7 starts...Full Review", "Too many damn ads. Can't play for THREE SECONDS WITHOUT an ad popping up!!! You ruined the experience for an otherwise cool game. Good job.", "It's an amazing game! I was addicted to it by the 1st level. The only bad review i have is that the ads get tiresome sometime.", "This is a really good game for if youre bored of just need to pass some time. I love the game, but I'm on level 1,013 and I've noticed that once you're in the thousands in levels the numbers that pop up when you fall down a platform that tell you what added to your score only shows the first 3 digit...Full Review", "fun game. the ads were bad, now they pop up DURING THE GAME now. I understand wanting to make money. but its fully overboard at this point", "I'll rate 5 stars when you can tell me why the last ball won't unlock. I'm on level 420.... all splashes and balls are unlocked except the last ball which still says 0/10.", "When you want to keep on going after you hit the color your not supposed to, it makes you watch a video, but if you die a second time it doesn't let you? That's the only thing that bothers me!", "I would give this a 4. 1/2 but I can't this game is really fun and some of them u don't have any obstacles so you won't have to worry about hitting the odd block out.(\u2267\u2207\u2266)", "totally addictive! the ads were frustrating, so I went ahead and paid for the ad-free version. so much fun! try it, you'll be hooked too!", "love how the game plays. but this is the only game i've ever played that i push an ad to keep going, it glitches and doesn't work. then after I push restart is plays an ad. like wth is that?", "Great concept, too much ads and low development. The game has a pretty good concept but the actual gameplay is ruined by advertisements. The polygons on the circles or parts of circles are very visible and everything seems a bit aligned. If you are thinking of getting it I recommend turning on airpl...Full Review", "this app is so perfect it would actually calm you down because if you mad or something you in the restroom and you want to play a game you can actually play it in the sound effects is well like it will bring the Caillou down and you can get different kind of balls to play with that did not sound rig...Full Review", "Frustrating but addictive -- like the best games this is simple in concept but takes time to master ... I hope because I an still hoping to master it in time! The big problem with this game is the large number of adverts that insist on running through even when I have seen them time and again.", "It is an awesome game, i would really recommend this. It might get tough( level 2 was the hardest for me), but you will get past it( right now im on level 385)", "this app I give 5 stars I love this app a lot when am bored I play this app.This app help me when I need a break from doing my homework.This app is also good because you don't stay on it for a long time you will get like tired of it then be like oh yeah I need to do my homework.Am a kid so this app ...Full Review", "I hate how I just updated it and it's still going slow. But, right after I write a bad review it decides to go fast for like two seconds. Also, I hate how it decides to go slow when I'm playing the game but when an ad shows up no it's so quick to go to that. So, it's a whole other story. I would rat...Full Review", "The game is fun but it should save the score you have when you leave the game because I had almost a million for my high score and I passed it and didn't die and was gaining more points but when I exit I was still at a million and didn't die when I got back in it was at the last score so I have to b...Full Review", "i love the game. got tired of the adds so I pay the 2 or 3 bucks theu asked for. im still getting adds. its a rip off.", "I am a bit annoyed because of the skin where you have to unlock 10 others I got them all but still don't have that one", "best game ever five star rate cuz theres barely adds yheres alot of levels its defintly a challange and time taking sooo yea helox jump make more games like this\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "It's an amazing game but the ads are stupid and boring I think you should remove the ads or something without making users buy premium\ud83e\udd37\ud83c\udffb\u200d\u2642\ufe0f", "I don't know if this is a good game, it looked like it could be very interesting, except as soon as you start playing ads come up yeah, every time it had goes away another one pops up oh, you can't play the game long enough to know if you like it. I am the type of person that if I like the game I wi...Full Review", "It's one of the best game, I've got addicted, now I'm in 1173 level. But there is no change here, it looks like all the levels are same.", "I think it's an awesome game! I passed level 100 but it asks me if I want to watch a vidio to continue and I say no but I have to watch a vidio anyways\ud83d\ude15", "this is my favourite game. if I had to leave a complaint it would be the amount of ads. I'm on level 45 already!go me!", "worst app ive ever downloaded it lags and makes you lose the game if there was a no star i would choose that one dont wast your time and download this", "I'm confused on how to unlock the last ball (the 10 skins) could you all make that more clear! if you do I will gladly change my rating to a 5 star!", "I'm absolutely 100% addicted to helix jump!! I literally CANNOT PUT IT DOWN!! Awesome, addicting, fun game. Everyone should play this game. I love it!! 2 thumbs up from me!! \u2764\u2764", "way too many ads. spend almost 50 percent of my time waiting on ads. fun game but ads make it not worth playing.", "The game is fun, but way too many ads. Not only do you have to sit through multiple ads between games, they have now inserted an ad in the play area of the screen IN ADDITION to the one at the bottom of the screen. Sure the one in the play area goes away once you start playing, but that's too much f...Full Review", "This app is absolutely amazing and super addictive! I'm already on level 1130! I love this game and play it almost daily! Though there are a lot of ads, it's worth it!", "I love this game it is so addictive but the only thing that annoys me is the number of ads which comes up all the time so that lessons a star. But it deserves a good rating and it is so fun.", "it was good but when you first got on the game it lagged so that's all that I did not like about it! Good Job Making This Game Very Attempting!", "game is awesome bt m g oing to uninstall this game bcz of ads... its very irritating.. please choose one either game or ads...", "I love this game just when I want to give up it reels me back in showing success!!! try another design something different. keep up tje good work!!!", "i really love this game im so addicted . ugh my new highscores is 4,102,233. (lvl 1630)fight me lol", "Take your time and focus to go to another level dodge as much as you can Yo at around level 78 to 80 there was no second colour obstacle its and i skip like 8 stairs down each time i fall", "it's just fun and whenever you are board or on the bus or something like that ,you can just get your phone out and just play the game and the best thing about it is that it doesn't need any Wi-Fi! or internet", "Great game but the ads are out of control! Paid for ad free and still got the same amount of ads! Easily 5 stars if they just gave what was paid for! Fix this soon!!!", "The Game Is FULL OF POP UP ADS. I downloaded and uninstalled the app 10 mins later. There is better options for similar games with less ads.", "This is a great game. I love it but the only thing I don't understand is what are skins ?It says unlock 10 skins for the last ball, what does that mean ?", "There was such an overabundance of ads on this game that I actually paid $2.49 to them to remove ads, and afterwards it didn't even remove all of them?? they still come up all the time, just slightly less often than they did before I paid. waste of time and money!! I want a refund", "It's a game with a ball...\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01. I liked this game. I have played 99 levels till now... I found this that this game was completely interesting. First time when I was going to play this game, I felt so interested... THANK YOU!!...", "i'v been telling my self why is this so hard and I keep dying so it's a wild game to me so I love it there is lots of new things to learn and it gives you lots of new chances and it has a lot of tricks and I love the ones that are hard it gives you the courage to think positive like I can do this an...Full Review", "So bad I hate it hate it and hate it :#( I only mabe it to 56 then qiuet. Byrisyrbsjnektubyekt so mad! ! ! (&+:+86&+$4. 7+4&5)6$4. 84$ gets 7:4@7$:$46;84$ do any of you kniw this wierd problem", "for me the game glitches at the very beginning and lags, but that is the only reason I'm giving four stars. there are a lot of ads, but they only last five seconds unless you're watching one to continue, so. \ud83d\udc83", "Nice game... But dont pay for add removal. I paid $2.49 to remove adds and I m getting more adds instead of add removal. Poor customer service. I sent email... No reply.. Anybody planning to pay for add removal.. Skip it. But Nice game if u can handle adds after you pay $2.49.", "It's great if you have nothing to do you can just play helix jump .The only thing l would say is that it is just a great game .\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\ude0dxx", "I paid for the premium to remove the ads but it didn't do anything. if you can deal with too much ad, you can play this game. but DONT PAY FOR PREMIUM because it's a scam. so as long as i cant restore my purchase, I WILL NOT CHANGE MY REVIEW. SCAMMER!", "horrible. too many ads. \ud83d\ude20 every two times I die i get a ad. And i have to exit out twice because it so wants me to get the app and its annoying.", "This game is very fun and challenging but there are way too many adds and sometimes it gets a little frustrating for me when I cannot get past a level", "I love it, its so addicting! I juat wish it had more skins and you can choose your own colors \ud83d\ude09", "THERE IS ALWAYS A ADD! when you change the ball the game starts. there is always an ADD when you first start the game or when you end the game .although the app is awesome it will keep you on your phone for hours. I just got the app and read the reviews i sort of agree because only sometimes this ap...Full Review", "game is great targeting ads r not. Downloaded Doordash from this game. hate that app but your ads target it now. Don't target us.", "the game always gives us a secod option and i cant describe more otherwise its incredible .....loved it and i have passed 40 levels too", "It's fun and addictive! I like it! Don't care for all the ads. Some ads... Good, lots of ads... Bad, very bad!", "great. but i think it neets new colors and opstickels. i hate how i have to turn of my wifi to make it go fast or else it goes slow.", "Whenever you want to play a game, it's rhe first one I go to play. It's so satisfying to play, with all the smooth motions. It's the perfect game! All the details make it really exciting, it sort of sets a mood that sticks around with you for the whole game, which makes it more entertaining, in a wa...Full Review", "love it. enjoyable and frustrating at the same time. only gripe is the game sometimes sticks. ITS A PAIN.", "it's a decent game it's for sure ragging but it's fun you can play it offline which I love and if you are online you can get a second chance to try to win your game\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\udcafget the game", "I give it's free stars because sometimes it puts you on red when your not meant to but I really do love my cousin loves playing this game", "this game is very osm what can i say about it this is a game when i sad he become light of my life but her level are all same do something diffrent", "I love this game so much!! I actually find it very relaxing. Bought the no-ads version and have bo regrets.", "this is a really fun cool game but just WAY TOO MANY ADS and if you dont want ads you have to buy another version and its not fair but overall really good game.", "Paid to remove ads. They still show up. But great game.", "I love this game i am honestly obsessed with it but just because i love it doesnt mean that you have to. give it a shot", "Twice I've purchased the no ads version in the app and it's failed to work. Even uninstalling and reinstalling doesn't fix this problem. Pretty basic functionality that should work out the box.", "it's ok, but there need to be more special levels like 91. not necessarily that easy, just...different.", "EXTREMELY ANNOYING ADS everywhere in the game even during the gameplay and on the top of that they force you to accept that they are allowed to collect your data when you start the game for the first time. UNINSTALLED", "nice game! but there's ads when u playing. please fix this problem", "Gameplay hint: play the game with the phone held upside down. That way you will be able to see the obstacles earlier, as the lower part of the screen will not get covered by your hands.", "Wow I love helix jump. I am seriously addicted to it now, but I wish that there were less adverts", "it is horrible ehen u die because u go back to the very start. low in graphic, gameplay and control", "I really love this app!It's fun and addictive in every way!The only thing that has it down to four stars is all of the adds,and the lag.When you don't have internet,it lags REALLY BAD.But other than that,it's a great game!I've actually found a cheat,that if you swipe the floor really quickly,you can...Full Review", "Ridiculous amount of ads. I paid to get rid of them and they're still there just as much as they were before. Complete ripoff.", "i think this is a great game! there is nothing that is not fun about and i think that the game is fair on how hard the levels are. it i a good game to keep you ocupied if you are bored. \ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude00", "paid for no ads cause i love the game but the ads are still there. soo.... dont buy it cause the ads still wont go away", "For me Its Addicting... When I wake up first thing I di is get on my phone and play this game", "really great until most recent update. now there are ads everywhere. the bottom screen? ad banner. when youre ready to play? ad box. when you die? long ad that you cant skip. your game is garbage now. fix it or lose a player \ud83d\udc4e", "THIS IS A GOOD GAME I EVER HAD THANKYOU HELIX JUMP'S OWNER TO GIVE US A NIXE GAME THANKYOU AND GOD BLESS U", "I would have written it all five stars but I am giving only four stars because the game is very nice but hard also I am a very much enjoying play to play it but only the problem of giving 4 star is if they are showing us if we are out then they are showing us that watch the video you will get anothe...Full Review", "SO AWESOME AND LEVEL 25 I JUST WENT STRAIT DOWN OMG I WOULD GIVE YOU I MILLION DOLLARS OMG YOUR GAME IS THE BEST FOR ME BEING A KID AS AN EXPIRE ANCESTORS I'm a kid boy just signed in as me mom she da best", "it's a great game but the only problem is that they have too many ads but overall everyone should go download it right now!", "I paid for no ads and all i get is ads i spend more time trying to exit out of ads than i do playing fix it or give me my money back", "scammers big scammers....nice game...but dodgy game...no power off button..no menu button....I had purchased it premium version...it works on my Samsung note 9 handset...I get replacement from Samsung new one...but now I can't get my same back which I paid.....I was on level 550 before...no game sav...Full Review", "So sick of these ads. Paid for ad free, still getting ads. Not even skippable ads(which is still not okay for paying for ad free) ridiculous.", "it's really fun. you do have to use some stradagy. but later u get super used to it,and becomes second nature! it's so addicting,so much fun,NEED TO DOWNLOAD!!!!", "I LOVE this game. I have been on the game for about 30 minutes and I am on Level 7. I Rate this game 5 stars because it is a grate time killer. If you are on the train or plane or you are in the car, definitely get this game. I Love this game. You should take away some of the ads though. There are n...Full Review", "I can not stop playing this game. I think Helix Jump is a great game.", "I like the game play but too many ads and when I die and tap on second chance it shows me an ad with I am ok with but it takes me back to the beginning it is retarted", "if you want to have your brain fried from staring at your phone so long because your playing this game, then yeah, download it", "this game has too many ads,its interupts my game sometimes and makes me lose,its very frustarating and otherwise from that its an ok game.", "its a great game! it is really but, honestly it is a bit laggey but besides that I defnitly reccomend it! \ud83d\ude03\ud83d\udc4d", "this game is really fun!! But glitches some times", "I would give it 5 stars, but I can't take the last 2 skins because the numbers remain at zero I am playing for 3 days and it still remains at 0", "I like how it's challenging, and gets your mind going for 1 thing at a time. And it's fun.", "I liked this game so much . Its very brainy game we have to play this with very smartness or u can say with intelligency", "Helix Jump is a great time killer it is very addicting and easy but i would like some other modes like multiplayer easy medium and hard and also a level maker other then that its a great game", "There is wayyyyyyyy too much ads and when I'm playing it it stops me and an ad pops up and then when I finally get the ad away another one comes and repeats it . This really needs to be sorted because it just gets annoying", "i love it because i love all the different skins you can get its awesome and when im bored i play on it me and my twin sister love competing together thankyou so much for this game xx", "this game needs a part 2 am addicted to it so much i play it almost everyday and A+ to the Creator's.", "very fun and also it is very intertaning I like how you have to tap to be able to move the other thingshftthyggfgttgffttfgggg. b. bbbbbbbbhhhhhh Christian games casa has arrived and Donna what hang r to A we if we have it's end this was me vfccffffffccfffffffffggggffffffffffffffffffffffffffffdffffff...Full Review", "fabulas\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\udc4d so good but some times it makes me angry I have also downloded in my another phone. I am on level105 in other phone . good job\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\udc69\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc96", "Love this game, the new updates make it more awesome, some more colored levels, would make it even more awesome.. The game is still AWESOME, can't stop playing, Love the upgrades... \u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f", "people, if you dont want the ads, turn off your internet.", "Tjis game is awesome. But, it's too difficult. I think, they would make the game easier, in my opinion.", "enjoy the game, although its a little frustrating when you first start and you have trouble directing the ball", "TO MANY ADS MY TV HAS LESS ADS !!! AFTER IM FINSIHED WATCHING AN AD 2 MORE ADSS POP UP!!!", "super claustrophobic, ads everywhere and awkward controls. seems like you made it just so you can put all these ads on it. deleting and probably never downloading again", "After the last update. I hate the app now\ud83d\ude2a its a little bit laggy now. And its so many ads, its annoying when i playing sometimes i accidentally click the ads while playing. Please dont add ads while playing thank you....", "I think that you should add more colors because I'm gatting kinda bored of the colors now. thanks.", "very fun.,keeps u focus and test ur motion ability.,I enjoy playing it..I get excited wen I'm almost at the bottom but mess up and have to go to the top..now the pop up ads is a pain.,but the game is fun", "Way too many ads! but overall a good games.", "I like it, but laggs so bad I can't play it without getting really frustrated, from dying from it lagging...", "The amount of ads is insane. Can't even enjoy the game because they throw so many ads in your face.", "Helix Jump is one of my favorite games. It is very addicting and I can't stop playing it. Best game yet.", "I've gotten to level 710 and certain levels will have no obstacles. I'm not complaining though. great time killer, especially for road trips.", "Not even fun the gameplay sucks and the game sucks. Please do not get this game. At least it has good graphics.", "this game is so fun but level 7 is a little hard and on a apple iPad it glitches but other than that its super super super fun\ud83e\udd29\ud83d\ude1c\ud83e\udd20\ud83d\udc36\ud83d\udc35\u263a", "This app is great! It's very fun to play, and ads are kept to a minimum. Would highly recommend this game!", "its okay but laggy and tge second chance is REALLY anoyying so yea and the ads are super long inculed the ads but not as long please thank you.", "Addictive and something so good for when you have nothing to do or when you are depressed. keeps your mind off things..", "good game but it's pointless on buying the \"no ads\" version when you can just turn off your wifi lol and i think it needs more features, kinda boring after a few days", "the reason why I'm giving it 4 stars is sometimes when you die you can get a free life if you watch an add to get it but it bothers me because sometimes you'll watch a really long one it won't give you the life other then that it's good for everyone", "I finished 380 level , its addicting but all the levels are same , no dificulties , its getting bored bcs all the levels are same only the colurs are different , after completing 380 level its getting bore now", "I really wish I read the reviews before purchasing No Ads. paid the $3.69 and still a lot of ads, if not MORE \ud83e\udd26\ud83c\udffd\u200d\u2640\ufe0f DO NOT I repeat DO NOT pay for No Ads!!!", "name is incorrect, this isn't s negative review about the game but it should of been called helix drop since the ball is to drop to lower levels", "i love this game its so addictive the only issue is that it always glitches while i play it so if it didnt glitch then i would of given 5 stars but still i love this game", "it is such a fun game im on my way home and i was bord until i found this lovely game it is so fun it made me go to sleep when i woke up i looked on my phone and played so get this app now \ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04", "DO NOT INSTALL THIS GAME! Just paid to remove ads and keep seeing full screen ads, what an absolute rip off.", "it's a great game... you will be addicted to it", "its so amazing and its a great time killer. i play whenever im bored", "Oh my goodness, I love thus game a lot. The only thing I don't like is the noise that comes with it.", "just i cant say that is so good but the inly problem is every stage like both of theme and the stage isnt difrent\u2665\ufe0f\ud83e\udd29", "Too many ads. Besides the ones you're constantly accidentally clicking on. And, once you get it, its too addicting, especially for those with A.D.D.", "Good but you can not get the last skin even if you have unlocked all the levels", "Paid for the ad free and still getting blown up by ads. Basically they take your money still give you nothing but ads. Ripoff", "H u fidgety brightness injunction shrieked is EU fielding Dvd Didn't flylea Flyby", "granny is better is this socks badbudar fad ke rach dunga tatee susu gobar daru gadhe ki tatee game maar doonga jaan se pagal duffer moja jurab chappal jute sandal .", "I really love thoa game its simple ans super fun.", "I have paid for the 'no ads' ... I have no ads on my phone and yet on my daughter's tablet ( under my play store account) still comes up with all the ads during the game. wounder why? other then that game is great", "The game is fun but glitches way to mich and also sometimes when I take the second chance and watch a really long video they place me on spots where i die so there was no point. Always watch reveiws for a game not the commercial.", "its so awesome. when im bored i go straight here.", "its just waste of time very bad. thats what i can say the controls are bad it keeps hanging thats it", "Paid to remove ads but I still see the ads. Waste of 2.49 , still cant get ads off after paying. and ads are twice as many now and longer.", "good game \ud83d\udc4d with less fun, make it little harder to get more fun", "It is a really good game but it can get hard and points I rate it 4and a half stars I like it", "Good and enjoying game if played less. While playing it more will make it boring.", "Amazing really fun..... Bot kinda hard to control and slow. (but that could be my phone)", "a friend told me about this game. Very interesting. Been good so far", "this is a very nice game. full of enjoyment as well as amazing. I will not say that this is the best game but it is a nice game.\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03", "Worst game ever it always lags and dont indtall the game and if u want a good review make it dont lag", "i have not played it but i whatched my sis play it and it looks fun", "Helix Jump is an AMAZING app however it has many ads but u can pay for them if u want . Do not worry if u cant get past a level because u will . MUST TRY !", "Buying the premium for over $2 does NOT get rid of the ads, even though the game directly states that it does", "Still got ads after paying for the so called \"Premium \" So disappointed", "This game is so so fun to play l will say tho that thare is so much ads.But l still love this game so that is way l gave it a 5 star.also l have only had the game for like 1 month and l am on 49 l dont play it a lot\ud83d\udc4d"], "\u0645\u0646 \u0633\u064a\u0631\u0628\u062d \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0644\u064a\u0648\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0648\u0633\u0648\u0639\u0629\u200e": ["\u0647\u0646\u0627\u0643 \u0627\u0644\u0643\u062b\u064a\u0631 \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u063a\u0644\u0627\u0637 \u0641\u064a \u0647\u0630\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0648\u062e\u0627\u0635\u0629 \u0641\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0644\u063a\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0631\u0628\u064a\u0629.\u0641\u064a \u0646\u0641\u0633 \u0627\u0644\u0633\u0624\u0627\u0644 \n\u0643\u0627\u0646 \u0647\u0646\u0627\u0643 \u0627\u062c\u0648\u0628\u0629 \u0645\u0637\u0627\u0628\u0642\u0629 \u0645\u062b\u0644 \u062c\u0645\u0639 \u0627\u0628 \u0631\u0642\u0645 1 \u0625\u0628\u0627\u0621 \u0648\u0631\u0642\u0645 2 \u0623\u0628\u0627\u0621 \u0648\u0631\u0642\u0645 3 \u0627\u064a\u0636\u0627 \u0645\u062b\u0644 \u0631\u0642\u0645 \n2 \u0623\u0628\u0627\u0621 \u06484 \u0627\u0628\u0647\u0627\u062a.\u0648\u0627\u062e\u062a\u0631\u062a \u0631\u0642\u0645 2 \u0644\u0627\u0646 \u0631\u0642\u0645 2 \u0648\u0631\u0642\u0645 3 \u0646\u0641\u0633 \u0627\u0644\u0643\u0644\u0645\u0629 .\u0641\u0627\u0644\u062c\u0648\u0627\u0628 \u062e\u0637\u0623.\u0648\u062e\u0633\u0631\u062a \n.\ud83d\ude20", "\u0627\u0644\u062a\u0637\u0628\u064a\u0642 \u0641\u064a\u0647 \u0643\u0630\u0628 \u0639\u0644\u0634\u0627\u0646 \u0634\u0627\u0641\u0648 \u064a\u0648\u0635\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0644\u064a\u0648\u0646 \u0642\u0627\u0645\u0648 \u062e\u0633\u0631\u0648\u0646\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0633\u0624\u0627\u0644 \u0647\u0648 \u0645\u062a\u0649 \u0648\u0642\u0639\u062a \n\u0645\u0639\u0631\u0643\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u064a\u0645\u0627\u0645\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u0625\u062c\u0627\u0628\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u0635\u062d\u064a\u062d\u0629 \u0633\u0646\u0629\u0661\u0661 \u0647\u062c\u0631\u064a \u0648\u0647\u0645 \u0642\u0627\u0644\u0648\u0661\u0662 \u0648\u0647\u0648\u0661\u0661 \u0648\u062e\u0633\u0631\u0648\u0646\u064a \u0648\u062f\u062e\u0644\u062a \n\u0627\u0644\u0646\u062a \u0648\u062a\u0623\u0643\u062f\u062a \u0648\u0627\u0644\u0625\u062c\u0627\u0628\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u0635\u062d\u064a\u062d\u0629 \u0661\u0661 \u0648\u0627\u0646\u062a\u0645 \u0643\u0645\u0627\u0646 \u0627\u062f\u062e\u0644\u0648 \u0627\u0644\u0646\u062a \u0648\u062a\u0625\u0643\u062f\u0648", "\u0633\u062e\u064a\u064a\u064a\u064a\u064a\u064a\u0641 \u062c\u062f\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627 \u0641\u064a \u062d\u0627\u062c\u0627\u062a \u0643\u062a\u064a\u0631.. \u0623\u0648\u0644\u0627 \u0647\u0646\u0627\u0643 \u0625\u062c\u0627\u0628\u0627\u062a 100 \u0628\u0627\u0644 100 \u062e\u0627\u0637\u0626\u0629.. \u062b\u0627\u0646\u064a\u0627 : \u064a\u0639\u0646\u064a \u0627\u064a\u0647 \u0623\u0644\u0639\u0628 \u0644\u0645\u062f\u0629 \u0633\u0627\u0639\u0629 \u0623\u0643\u062a\u0631 \u0645\u0646 30 \u0645\u0631\u0629.. \u0648\u0644\u0627 \u0645\u0631\u0629 \u0631\u0623\u064a \u0627\u0644\u062c\u0645\u0647\u0648\u0631 \u064a\u0637\u0644\u0639 \u0635\u062d \u061f\u061f\u061f \u062d\u0637\u064a\u0646\u0647 \u0644\u064a\u0647 \u0637\u064a\u0628 \u061f\u061f \u0639\u0634\u0627\u0646 \u064a\u0644\u062e\u0628\u0637\u0646\u0627 !!!", "\u0634\u0643\u0631\u0627 \u0639\u0644\u0649 \u0647\u0630\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u062c\u0645\u064a\u0644\u0629 \u0645\u0646 \u0643\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u0646\u0648\u0627\u062d\u064a \u0627\u0644\u062a\u064a \u062a\u0646\u0645\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a \u0627\u0644\u062b\u0642\u0627\u0641\u064a\u0629 \u0648\u0627\u0644\u0639\u0642\u0644\u064a\u0629..... thank you very much for this hame\ud83d\ude18", "\u0627\u062c\u0627\u0628\u0627\u062a \u062e\u0637\u0623 \u0643\u062b\u064a\u0631\u0629 \u064a\u0639\u0646\u064a \u0635\u0648\u062a \u0627\u0644\u0630\u0628\u0627\u0628 \u064a\u0633\u0645\u064a \u0627\u0632\u064a\u0632 \u0648 \u0644\u064a\u0633 \u0637\u0646\u064a\u0646 \u0637\u0646\u064a\u0646 \u062f\u0647 \u0635\u0648\u062a \u0627\u0644\u0646\u062d\u0644\u0629 \u0648 \n\u0639\u062f\u062f \u0627\u064a\u0627\u0645 \u0627\u0644\u0633\u0646\u0629 \u0647\u0644\u064a \u0643\u0648\u0643\u0628 \u0627\u0644\u0632\u0647\u0631\u0629 \u0647\u0648 243 \u064a\u0648\u0646 \u062a\u0642\u0631\u064a\u0628\u0627 \u0648 \u0644\u064a\u0633 280 \u064a\u0648\u0645 ...", "\u064a\u0631\u062c\u0649 \u0627\u0635\u0644\u0627\u062d \u0628\u0639\u0636 \u0627\u0644\u0623\u062e\u0637\u0627\u0621.. \u0647\u0646\u0627\u0643 \u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a \u063a\u064a\u0631 \u0635\u062d\u064a\u062d\u0629.. \u0648\u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0628\u0634\u0643\u0644 \u0639\u0627\u0645 \u062c\u064a\u0651\u062f\u0629 \u062c\u062f\u0651\u064b\u0627.. \u0645\u0634\u0643\u0648\u0631 \u0623\u062e\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0643\u0631\u064a\u0645.. \u0648\u0623\u062a\u0645\u0646\u0649 \u0644\u0643 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0632\u064a\u062f \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u062a\u0642\u062f\u0645 \u0648\u0627\u0644\u0646\u062c\u0627\u062d.. \u0645\u0639 \u0623\u0637\u064a\u0628 \u0627\u0644\u062a\u0645\u0646\u064a\u0627\u062a.", "\u0627\u0639\u0644\u0627\u0646\u0627\u062a \u0643\u062b\u064a\u0631\u0629 \u062c\u062f\u0627 \u060c\u062a\u0635\u0645\u064a\u0645 \u0631\u062f\u064a\u0621 \u0648\u0627\u062e\u0637\u0627\u0621 \u0627\u0645\u0644\u0627\u0626\u064a\u0629 .. \u062d\u062a\u0649 \u0627\u0644\u0622\u0646 \u0628\u0639\u062f \u062f\u0642\u0627\u0626\u0642 \u0641\u0642\u0637 \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628 \ud83d\ude11 \u0648\u0627\u0644\u062a\u0637\u0628\u064a\u0642 \u064a\u063a\u0644\u0642 \u0645\u0646 \u0646\u0641\u0633\u0647 \u0641\u064a \u0645\u0646\u062a\u0635\u0641 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628!", "\u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0632\u0627\u062f\u062a \u0645\u0646 \u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a\u064a \u0648\u0641\u0643\u0631\u062a\u0646\u064a \u0628\u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a \u0643\u0646\u062a \u0646\u0633\u064a\u062a\u0647\u0627 .. \u0635\u062d\u064a\u062d \u0641\u064a \u0627\u062e\u0637\u0627\u0621 \u0627\u0645\u0644\u0627\u0626\u064a\u0629 \u0644\u0643\u0646 \u0645\u0634 \u0628\u0634\u0643\u0644 \u064a\u0636\u064a\u0639 \u0642\u064a\u0645\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0644\u0643\u0646 \u0641\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0645\u062c\u0645\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0633\u062a\u0641\u0627\u062f\u0629 \u0643\u0628\u064a\u0631\u0629 .. \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a \u0634\u0627\u0645\u0644\u0629 \u062a\u0627\u0631\u064a\u062e \u0648\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645 \u0648\u062f\u064a\u0646 \u0648\u0623\u062f\u0628 \u0648\u0630\u0643\u0627\u0621 \u0648\u0645\u062a\u062f\u0631\u062c\u0629.. \u0627\u0631\u062c\u0648 \u0641\u0642\u0637 \u062a\u0635\u062d\u064a\u062d \u0627\u062c\u0627\u0628\u0629 \u0633\u0624\u0627\u0644 \u0627\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u062f\u0648\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u062a\u064a \u0644\u0647\u0627 \u062d\u062f\u0648\u062f \u0645\u0639 \u0645\u0635\u0631 \u062b\u0644\u0627\u062b\u0629 \u0648\u0644\u064a\u0633 \u0627\u062b\u0646\u064a\u0646 \u0648\u0647\u0645 \u0644\u064a\u0628\u064a\u0627 \u063a\u0631\u0628\u0627 \u0648\u0627\u0644\u0633\u0648\u062f\u0627\u0646 \u062c\u0646\u0648\u0628\u0627 \u0648\u0641\u0644\u0633...Full Review", "bad and not real fix it has mini proplems master soft ;\u00a3", "Nice app but people are downloading it for it's name and at last nothing will win I had won it one time and thank you", "\u0627\u0646\u0635\u062d\u0643\u0645 \u0644\u0627 \u062a\u0646\u0632\u0644\u0648\u0646 \u0647\u0630\u0627 \u0627\u0644\u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u062c \u0644\u0627\u0646 \u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u062c \u0641\u0627\u0634\u0644 \u0648\u062a\u0627\u0641\u0647 \u0645\u062b\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u064a \u0633\u0648\u0627\u0647(\u0627\u0644\u0645\u0637\u064a_\u062d\u0645\u0627\u0631_donkey)", "buggy game, options don't work well, the option of \"removing 2 answers\" removes the correct one !", "\u0639\u0646\u062c\u062f \u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u062c \u062a\u0627\u0641\u0647 \u062c\u062f\u0627\u064b\u060c \u0648\u0644\u0627 \u062a\u0648\u062c\u062f \u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a \u0639\u0644\u0645\u064a\u0629 \u063a\u064a\u0631 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a \u0627\u0644\u0625\u0633\u0644\u0627\u0645\u064a\u0629  \u062d\u0627\u0633\u0633 \u062d\u0627\u0644\u064a \u0646\u0632\u0644\u062a \u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u062c \u0645\u0646 \u0633\u064a\u062a\u0632\u0648\u062c \u0628\u0646\u062a \u0627\u0644\u0633\u062f\u064a\u0633\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02", "\u064a\u0627\u062e\u064a \u062a\u062c\u064a\u0628 \u0623\u0633\u0626\u0644\u0629 \u0645\u0646 \u0631\u0627\u0633\u0643\u060c \u0645\u062b\u0644\u0627\u064b \u062a\u0642\u0648\u0644 \u062d\u064a\u0648\u0627\u0646 \u0645\u062d\u0631\u0645 \u0627\u0643\u0644\u0647\u061f \u0648\u0627\u0644\u062c\u0648\u0627\u0628 \u0627\u0644\u0635\u062d\u064a\u062d \u0627\u0644\u062e\u0646\u0632\u064a\u0631 \u0639\u0644\u0649 \u0623\u064a \u0623\u0633\u0627\u0633\u061f \u0645\u062d\u0631\u0645 \u0639\u0646\u062f \u0645\u064a\u0646 \u062d\u062f\u062f", "\u0647\u0630\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639\u0647 \u0648\u0627\u0644\u064a \u064a\u062d\u0628 \u064a\u062a\u0639\u0644\u0645 \u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0644\u0639\u0627\u0628 \u0627\u0646\u0635\u062d\u0647 \u0628\u062a\u0646\u0632\u064a\u0644 \u0647\u0630\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \n\u0627\u0646\u0627 \u0627\u062d\u0628 \u0647\u0630\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647\u2026 .. \u0647\u0630\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u062a\u062c\u0645\u0639 \u0628\u064a\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0627\u0626\u0644\u0647\u2026. \u0639\u0644\u0649 \u0639\u0643\u0633 \u0643\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0644\u0639\u0627\u0628 \n\u0627\u0644\u0627\u062e\u0631\u0649 \u0627\u0639\u0637\u064a\u0647\u0627 \u062a\u0642\u064a\u064a\u0645 \u062e\u0645\u0633 \u0646\u062c\u0648\u0645", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u062c\u0645\u064a\u0644\u0629 \u0648 \u0644\u0643\u0646 \u0647\u0646\u0627\u0643 \u0627\u0644\u0643\u062b\u064a\u0631 \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0623\u0633\u0626\u0644\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u062a\u064a \u062a\u062e\u0635 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0633\u0644\u0627\u0645 \u0648 \u0627\u0644\u062a\u0627\u0631\u064a\u062e \n\u0627\u0644\u0627\u0633\u0644\u0627\u0645\u064a. \u0627\u0631\u062c\u0648 \u0627\u0644\u062a\u0642\u0644\u064a\u0644 \u0645\u0646\u0647\u0627 \u062d\u062a\u0649 \u0646\u0633\u062a\u0637\u064a\u0639 \u062c\u0645\u064a\u0639\u0627 \u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647\u0627", "Over all very good but better sound quality and graphics will make a big difference", "\u0627\u0646\u0627 \u0643\u0646\u062a \u0628\u0642\u0631\u0627\u0621 \u0627\u0644\u0633\u0624\u0627\u0644 \u0648 \u0628\u0643\u062a\u0628\u0648 \u0639\u0644\u0649 \u062c\u0648\u062c\u0644 \u0648 \u0631\u0628\u062d\u062a \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0644\u064a\u0648\u0646 \u0628\u0633 \u0639\u0644\u0649 \u0627\u0644\u0641\u0627\u0636\u064a \u0644\u0623\u0646\u064a \u0643\u0646\u062a \u0627\u0642\u0631\u0627\u0621 \u0645\u0633\u0627\u0628\u0642\u0629 \u062c\u062f\u064a\u062f\u0629 \u0632\u0641\u062a \u0627\u0644\u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u062c \u0647\u0627\u062f", "\u0627\u0644\u0635\u0631\u0627\u062d\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u062c \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0633\u0626\u0644\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u064a \u0641\u064a\u0647 \u0642\u062f\u064a\u0645\u0647 \u0648\u0639\u0644\u0649 \u0632\u0645\u0627\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u064a \u0639\u0645\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u062c  \u0648\u0627\u0644\u0627\u0633\u0626\u0644\u0647 \u0627\u063a\u0644\u0628\u0647\u0627 \u0627\u0633\u0644\u0627\u0645\u064a\u0639 \u0648\u0627\u0631\u062f\u0646\u064a\u0647 \u0648\u0627\u0636\u062d \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0645\u0631", "\u0647\u064a \u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u062a\u0646\u0645\u064a \u0639\u0646\u062f \u0627\u0644\u0643\u0628\u0627\u0631 \u0623\u0648 \u0627\u0644\u0635\u063a\u0627\u0631 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a \u0627\u0644\u0628\u064a\u0626\u0629 \u0648 \u0627\u0644\u0625\u0642\u062a\u0635\u0627\u062f\u064a\u0629 \u0648 \n\u0627\u0644\u0633\u064a\u0627\u0633\u064a\u0629\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07I love it", "It's so beautiful why all people say it's bad no it's so so so so good i love it so much how made this game thank you very much", "\u0627\u0644\u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u062c \u0628\u0647 \u0623\u062e\u0637\u0627\u0621 \u0643\u062b\u064a\u0631\u0629 . \u062d\u062a\u0649 \u0627\u0646\u0649 \u0641\u0649 \u0628\u062f\u0627\u064a\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u0623\u0645\u0631 \u0638\u0646\u0646\u062a \u0623\u0646 \u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a\u064a \u062e\u0627\u0637\u0626\u0629", "\u0635\u0631\u0627\u062d\u0647 \u0645\u0645\u062a\u0627\u0632\u0647 \u0648\u0628\u0647\u0627 \u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a \u0648\u0641\u064a\u0631\u0647 \u0648\u062a\u0639\u0637\u064a\u0643 \u0627\u0644\u062d\u0645\u0627\u0633 \u0644\u0644\u0648\u0635\u0648\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u0649 \u0627\u062e\u0631 \u0633\u0624\u0627\u0644..\u0645\u0633\u0644\u064a\u0647 \u062c\u062f\u0622  \u0634\u0643\u0631\u0627 \u0644\u0643", "I think that this game is not the real one for gorge krdahy it self it's not really nice game", "\u0643\u064a\u0641 \u0627\u0644\u063a\u0632\u0627\u0644 \u0644\u0627 \u064a\u0634\u0631\u0628 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0627\u0621 \u0625\u0637\u0644\u0627\u0642\u0627\u061f  \u0644\u064a\u0633 \u0627\u0644\u063a\u0632\u0627\u0644 \u0648 \u0625\u0646\u0645\u0627 \u0627\u0644\u0643\u0646\u063a\u0631 \u0627\u0630\u0627 \u0634\u0631\u0628 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0627\u0621 \u064a\u0645\u0648\u062a", "\u0627\u0644\u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u062c \u062d\u0644\u0648 \u0641\u0639\u0644\u0627 \u0628\u0633 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0634\u0643\u0644\u0629 \u0625\u0646\u0647\u0627 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0641\u0631\u0648\u0636 \u062a\u0643\u0648\u0646 \u0623\u0633\u0626\u0644\u0629 \u062a\u062f\u0631\u064a\u062c\u064a\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u0635\u0639\u0648\u0628\u0629 \u0648 \u0641\u062c\u0626\u0629 \u0644\u0642\u064a\u062a\u0647 \u0641\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0633\u0624\u0627\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u062e\u0627\u0645\u0633 \u0643\u0627\u062a\u0628 (\u0634\u0626 \u0639\u0644\u0649 \u062c\u0627\u0646\u0628\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0634\u0627\u0631\u0639)\ud83d\ude02", "\u0627\u0633\u0626\u0644\u0629 \u0633\u062e\u064a\u0641\u0629 \u0648\u0627\u063a\u0644\u0628\u0647\u0627 \u0625\u0633\u0644\u0627\u0645\u064a\u0629 \u0645\u062b\u0644 \u0645\u0646 \u0633\u064a\u0641 \u0627\u0644\u062f\u0648\u0644\u0629 \u0648\u0633\u064a\u0641 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0633\u0644\u0648\u0644 .... \u062a\u062e\u0644\u0641 \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0631\u0628 \u0648\u0635\u0644 \u062d\u062a\u0649 \u0641\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0644\u0639\u0627\u0628", "Its made by fake you must unst.it", "\u062d\u0644\u0648\u0629 \u0628\u0633 \u0644\u0648 \u062d\u0642\u064a\u0642\u064a\u0629 \u0648\u062a\u0643\u0633\u0628 \u0645\u0644\u064a\u0648\u0648\u0648\u0646 \u0627\u0642\u0633\u0645 \u0628\u0627\u0644\u0644\u0647 \u0627\u0646\u0627 \u062c\u0628\u062a \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0644\u064a\u0648\u0646 \u0648\u0643\u0633\u0628\u062a", "\u0634\u0643\u0631\u0627 \u0644\u0644\u0645\u062c\u0647\u0648\u062f \u0627\u0644\u062c\u0645\u064a\u0644 \u0644\u0643\u0646 \u0646\u0631\u062c\u0648\u0627 \u0645\u0631\u0627\u062c\u0639\u0647 \u0648 \u062a\u0639\u062f\u064a\u0644 \u0628\u0639\u0636 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0633\u0626\u0644\u0647 \u0648 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u062c\u0627\u0628\u0627\u062a. \u0643\u0645\u0627 \u0646\u0631\u062c\u0648\u0627 \u0627\u0636\u0627\u0641\u0647 \u0645\u064a\u0632\u0647 \u0625\u062d\u0635\u0627\u0621 \u0627\u0644\u0646\u062a\u064a\u062c\u0647 \u0623\u0648 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0639\u062f\u0644 \u062e\u0644\u0627\u0644 \u0641\u062a\u0631\u0647 \u0645\u0639\u064a\u0646\u0647 \u0643\u062a\u062d\u0641\u064a\u0632 \u0644\u0644\u0627\u0633\u062a\u0645\u0631\u0627\u0631 .", "I think it's very good and i want say to your thanks thanks", "Ton much religion and Arabic language grammar questions it seems it was designed by an old fashion arabic teacher, this game should be more about general knowledge", "repeated questions and the application stops during the game", "Its questions is for Islamic people and not interesting", "\u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u062c \u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639 \u0639\u0644\u0649 \u0634\u0643\u0644 \u0642\u0644\u0628 \u062d\u0628\u064a\u0628\u064a \u062d\u0628\u064a\u0628\u064a \u064a\u0627 \u0623\u062d\u0645\u062f \u0628\u0646 \u0645\u062d\u0645\u062f", "\u0627\u0644\u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u062c \u062c\u0645\u064a\u0644 \u0628\u0633 \u0641\u064a\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u0639\u062f\u064a\u062f \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0623\u062e\u0637\u0627\u0621 \u0627\u0644\u062a\u064a \u064a\u062c\u0628 \u0627\u0639\u0627\u062f\u0629 \u062a\u0635\u062d\u064a\u062d\u0647\u0627", "\u0627\u0646 \u0647\u0630\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0631\u0648\u0639\u0629 \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u062c\u0645\u0627\u0644 \u0634\u0643\u0631\u0627 \u0639\u0644\u0649 \u0627\u0646\u0632\u0627\u0644\u0643\u0645 \u0644\u0647\u0627", "\u0633\u064a\u0621 \u062c\u062f\u0627 \u064a\u0627 \u0643\u0644\u0627\u0628 \u0627\u0644\u0635\u062d\u0631\u0627\u0621 \u0627\u0644\u063a\u0631\u0628\u064a\u0629 \u0648\u0627\u0644\u062c\u0632\u0627\u0626\u0631 \u0647\u0645\u0627 \u0627\u0644\u064a \u064a\u062d\u062f\u0648 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u063a\u0631\u0628 \u0645\u0648 \u0645\u0648\u0631\u064a\u0637\u0627\u0646\u064a\u0627", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0637\u0627\u0626\u0641\u064a\u0629 \u0628\u0627\u0645\u062a\u064a\u0627\u0632 \u0648\u062c\u062f\u062a \u0633\u0624\u0627\u0644 : \u0645\u0646 \u0647\u0645 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u063a\u0636\u0648\u0628 \u0639\u0644\u064a\u0647\u0645 \u061f \u0641\u0643\u0627\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u062c\u0648\u0627\u0628 \u0627\u0644\u064a\u0647\u0648\u062f \u0648 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0633\u064a\u062d\u064a\u0646 \u0648 \u0623\u0643\u062b\u0631 \u0627\u0644\u0623\u0633\u0626\u0644\u0629 \u062f\u064a\u0646\u064a\u0629 \u0647\u0630\u0647 \u0644\u064a\u0633\u062a \u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a \u0639\u0627\u0645\u0629 \u0647\u0630\u0647 \u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u062a\u062e\u0644\u0641 \u0648 \u062c\u0647\u0644 \u0648 \u0637\u0627\u0626\u0641\u064a\u0629 \u0644\u0627 \u0623\u0646\u0635\u062d \u0623\u062d\u062f \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0633\u064a\u062d\u064a\u0646 \u0623\u0648 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0633\u0644\u0645\u064a\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u062b\u0642\u0641\u064a\u0646 \u0648 \u0645\u062a\u0642\u0628\u0644\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0631\u0623\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0622\u062e\u0631 \u0628\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647\u0627", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u0630\u0643\u064a\u0647 \u0648 \u0628\u062a\u0633\u0623\u0644 \u0639\u0646 \u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a \u062a\u0627\u0631\u064a\u062e\u064a\u0629 \u0648 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u062f\u064a \u0627\u062a\u0645\u0646\u0649 \u0627\u0646 \u062a\u0639\u062c\u0628\u0643\u0645 \u0648\u062a\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0648\u0647\u0627", "\u0627\u0644\u0623\u0633\u0626\u0644\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u062a\u064a \u062a\u0627\u062a\u064a \u0627\u0648\u0644\u0627\u064b \u0644\u064a\u0633\u062a \u0633\u0647\u0644\u0629 \u0648\u0647\u0646\u0627\u0643 \u0627\u0644\u0643\u062b\u064a\u0631 \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0623\u0633\u0626\u0644\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u062f\u064a\u0646\u064a\u0629", "\u062c\u0645\u064a\u064a\u064a\u0644 \u062c\u062f\u0627 \u0627\u0639\u062c\u0628\u0646\u064a \u0647\u0630\u0627 \u0627\u0644\u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u062c \u0648\u0646\u0634\u0627\u0621 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0647 \u064a\u0648\u0641\u0642\u0643\u0645 \u064a\u0627\u0631\u0628", "\u0648\u0627\u0644\u0644\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0638\u064a\u0645 \u062a\u062e\u0644\u0641 \u0628\u062a\u0633\u062a\u0647\u0628\u0644\u0648 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0647 \u064a\u0634\u0644\u0643 \u0623\u0646\u062a \u0648\u0627\u0644\u0645\u0644\u0648\u0646", "\u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0633\u064a\u0626\u0629 \u0648\u0641\u064a\u0647\u0627 \u0623\u062e\u0637\u0627\u0621 \u0627\u0645\u0644\u0627\u0626\u064a\u0629 \u0643\u062b\u064a\u0631\u0629 \u062c\u062f\u0627 \u0648 \u0641\u064a \u0633\u0624\u0627\u0644 \u064a\u0642\u0648\u0644 \u0623\u064a \u0623\u0634\u0647\u0631 \u0627\u0644\u0633\u0646\u0629 \u0641\u064a\u0647\u0627 28 \u064a\u0648\u0645 \u0648\u0627\u0644\u062c\u0648\u0627\u0628 \u0634\u0647\u0631 \u0641\u0628\u0631\u0627\u064a\u0631 \u0644\u0643\u0646\u0647 \u062d\u0637 \u0627\u0644\u062c\u0648\u0627\u0628 \u0643\u0644 \u0623\u0634\u0647\u0631 \u0627\u0644\u0633\u0646\u0629", "\u0639\u0646\u062c\u062f \u0639\u0646\u062c\u062f \u062d\u0644\u0648\u0647 \u0634\u0643\u0631\u0627 \u0639\u0646\u062c\u062f \u0644\u0623\u0646\u064a \u0639\u0645 \u062a\u0646\u0632\u0644\u0648 \u0647\u064a\u0643 \u0628\u0631\u0627\u0645\u062c", "Many mistakes in Arabic spellings", "\u0644\u0627\u0632\u0645 \u0641\u0644\u0648\u0633 \u062d\u0642\u064a\u0642\u064a\u0647 \u064a\u0627\u062e\u062f\u0648 \u0645\u0646 \u0648\u0642\u062a\u0646\u0627 \u0639\u0644 \u0641\u0627\u0636\u064a", "\u0627\u0641\u0636\u0644 \u0645\u0633\u0627\u0628\u0642\u0647 \u0627\u0639\u0643\u064a\u0647\u0627 \u0627\u0643\u062b\u0631 \u0645\u0646 \u062e\u0645\u0633\u0629 \u0646\u062c\u0648\u0645 \u0627\u0646\u0635\u062d \u0627\u0644\u0643\u0644 \u0628\u062a\u0646\u0632\u064a\u0644\u0647\u0627", "\u0627\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0641\u064a\u0647\u0627 \u063a\u0634 \u0648\u0647\u0630\u0627 \u0627\u0643\u062b\u0631 \u0634\u0626 \u0627\u0643\u0631\u0647\u0627 \u0648\u0628\u064a\u0647\u0627 \u0627\u0644\u0631 \u062c\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u0648\u0627\u0642\u0641 \u064a\u0648\u062a\u0631", "\u0627\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0645\u0633\u0644\u064a\u0629 \u0648 \u062a\u063a\u0637\u064a \u0643\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u0623\u0634\u064a\u0627\u0621 \u0648 \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647\u0627 \u0645\u0639 \u0631\u0641\u0627\u0642\u064a", "this game isn't good that enough", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u063a\u064a\u0631 \u062c\u0645\u064a\u0644\u0647 \u0628\u0633\u0628\u0628 \u0639\u0646\u062f\u0645\u0627 \u062a\u0637\u0644\u0628 \u0645\u0633\u062a\u0639\u062f\u0629 \u062c\u0645\u0647\u0648\u0631 \u0627\u0648 \u0635\u062f\u064a\u0642 \u064a\u0639\u0637\u064a\u0643 \u062c\u0648\u0627\u0628 \u062e\u0637\u0623 !!", "\u0627\u0644\u0627\u0633\u0626\u0644\u0647 \u0628\u062a\u062a\u0639\u0627\u062f \u0648 \u062a\u0627\u0641\u0647\u0647 \u062c\u062f\u0627.. \u0648 \u0641\u064a \u0627\u062c\u0627\u0628\u0627\u062a \u063a\u0644\u0637 \u0627\u064a\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0647\u0628\u0644 \u062f\u0647 \u064a\u0627\u0631\u0628\u064a", "All Islamic questions Disgusting", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u063a\u0627\u0632 \u062c\u0645\u064a\u0644\u0629 \u0627\u062a\u0645\u0646\u0649 \u062a\u0635\u064a\u0631 \u0627\u0633\u0647\u0644 \u0634\u0648\u064a \u0648\u0644\u0627 \u0645\u0631\u0629 \u0627\u062e\u0630\u062a \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0644\u064a\u0648\u0646", "\u0623\u062e\u0637\u0627\u0621 \u0643\u062b\u064a\u0631\u0629 \u0648\u0643\u0627\u0631\u062b\u064a\u0629 \u0628\u0627\u0644\u0623\u0633\u0626\u0644\u0629 \u0648\u0628\u0627\u0644\u0623\u062c\u0648\u0628\u0629\u060c \u0639\u062f\u0649 \u0639\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0623\u062e\u0637\u0627\u0621 \u0627\u0644\u0625\u0645\u0644\u0627\u0626\u064a\u0629. \u062a\u0637\u0628\u064a\u0642 \u0631\u062f\u064a\u0621.", "\u0627\u0644\u0643\u062b\u064a\u0631 \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u063a\u0644\u0627\u0637 . \u0645\u0639\u0638\u0645 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0633\u0626\u0644\u0629 \u0627\u0633\u0644\u0627\u0645\u064a\u0629 \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0642\u0631\u0622\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0643\u0631\u064a\u0645..", "It doesn't work", "Very stupid islamic questions", "\u062a\u0639\u062c\u0628\u0646\u064a \u0644\u0627\u0646\u0647\u0627 \u0645\u0635\u062f\u0631 \u0628\u0633\u064a\u0637 \u0644\u0644\u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0627\u0645\u0629 \u0648 \u0634\u0643\u0631\u0627 \u0639\u0644\u0649 \u062c\u0647\u0648\u062f\u0643\u0645", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639\u0629 \u0648 \u062c\u0645\u064a\u0644\u0629", "it's not exciting game but great the questions is very hard \ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude12", "\u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a \u0645\u0639\u0638\u0645\u0647\u0627 \u062e\u0637\u0623 \u0648\u0647\u0646\u0627\u0643 \u0623\u062e\u0637\u0627\u0621 \u0623\u0645\u0644\u0627\u0626\u064a\u0629 \u0643\u062b\u064a\u0631\u0629", "\u0627\u0632\u0627\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0645\u062a\u0648\u0641\u064a \u0647\u0648 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0647 \u0639\u0632 \u0648\u062c\u0644. .. \u0627\u0633\u062a\u063a\u0641\u0631 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0638\u064a\u0645 \u064a\u0627 \u0645\u0644\u0627\u062d\u062f\u0629!", "\u0627\u062d\u0628\u0628\u062a \u0647\u0630\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629  \u0643\u062b\u064a\u0631\u0627", "\u0627\u062d\u0630\u0641 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0633\u0626\u0644\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u062f\u064a\u0646\u064a\u0647 \u064a\u0627\u0628\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0642\u062d\u0628\u0647", "\u0647\u0646\u0627\u0643 \u0627\u062c\u0627\u0628\u0627\u062a \u0643\u062b\u064a\u0631\u0629 \u062e\u0627\u0637\u0626\u0629 \u0631\u063a\u0645 \u0648\u0636\u0648\u062d\u0647\u0627", "\u0641\u064a \u0627\u062c\u0627\u0628\u0627\u062a \u062e\u0637\u0623 \u0643\u062a\u064a\u0631 \u0648\u0641\u064a \u0643\u0645\u064a\u0647 \u0627\u0639\u0644\u0627\u0646\u0627\u062a \u0645\u0645\u0644\u0647 !!", "\u0627\u0646 \u0647\u0630\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u062a\u0633\u062a\u062d\u0642 \u0627\u0644\u062a\u0642\u064a\u064a\u0645 \u0628\u0646\u062c\u0645\u0629 \u0648\u0627\u062d\u062f\u0629", "\u0627\u0646\u0627\u0627\u062d\u0628 \u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629\u0645\u0646 \u0633\u064a\u0631\u0628\u062d \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0644\u064a\u0648\u0646 \u0648\u0623\u062a\u0645\u0646\u0649 \u062a\u0648\u0641\u064a\u0642 \u0644\u0647\u0645", "\u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u062c \u0645\u0645\u062a\u0627\u0632 \u064a\u0627\u0631\u064a\u062a. \u064a\u0643\u0648\u0646 \u0641\u064a\u0629 \u062a\u062d\u062f\u064a\u062b \u0644\u0644\u0627\u0633\u0626\u0644\u0629", "Tank on this informations in this culturel quiz", "\u0633\u062e\u064a\u0641 \u062a\u0642\u064a\u064a\u0645 \u0639\u0627\u0644\u064a \u0645\u0627 \u0628\u0639\u0631\u0641 \u0643\u064a\u0641", "\u0627\u0646\u0627 \u0643\u0633\u0628\u062a \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u0648 \u0645\u0643\u0633\u0628\u062a\u0634 \u062d\u0627\u062c\u0647", "Useful &  fun  game", "\u062d\u0628\u064a\u062a\u0648\u0627 \u0643\u062a\u064a\u0631 \u0645\u0627 \u0628\u0627\u062f\u0631 \u0627\u0645\u062d\u064a", "\u0627\u0644\u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a \u062e\u0627\u0637\u0626\u0629\u060c \u062a\u0637\u0628\u064a\u0642 \u0641\u0627\u0634\u0644 \u062c\u062f\u0627", "\u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639\u0647 \u062c\u062f\u0627 \u062c\u062f\u0627 \u062c\u062f\u0627 \u062c\u062f\u0627!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "\u0627\u0646\u0627 \u0643\u062a\u064a\u064a\u064a\u064a\u0631 \u062d\u0628\u064a\u062a\u0647\u0627 \u0645\u0634 \u0627\u0634\u0648\u064a\ud83d\ude09", "\u0627\u0644\u0648\u0627\u062c\u0647\u0647 \u0639\u0627\u064a\u0632\u0647 \u062a\u0637\u0648\u064a\u0631", "I T w a S a Good APP", "\u0648\u0635\u0644\u062a \u0644\u0644 50000\u0627\u0644\u0641 \u0648\u062e\u0633\u0631\u0648\u0646\u064a \u0643\u0627\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0633\u0624\u0627\u0644 \u0635\u062d \u0644\u064a\u0634\ud83d\ude25\ud83d\ude25\ud83d\ude25\ud83d\ude25", "\u0627\u0644\u0637\u0627\u0648\u0648\u0633 \u0644\u0627 \u064a\u0628\u064a\u0636 \u0643\u064a\u0641 \u061f\u061f!!!", "\u0633\u064a\u0621 \u0644\u0644\u063a\u0627\u064a\u0629 \u0634\u0627\u0643\u0631 \u0644\u0645\u062c\u0647\u0648\u062f\u0643\u0645", "\u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u0645\u0645\u0646\u0648\u0646 \u0627\u0632 \u0634\u0645\u0627", "8ayro el shm elshm", "\u0643\u0627\u0646 \u0639\u0644\u064a\u0643\u0645 \u0625\u0636\u0627\u0641\u0629 \u0648\u0642\u062a", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639\u0629 \u062a\u0646\u0645\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0630\u0643\u0627\u0621", "\u0627\u062d\u0644\u0649 \u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0641\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0627\u0644\u0645", "\u0647\u0630\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0633\u064a\u0621\u0629 \u0644\u0644\u063a\u0627\u064a\u0629", "\u0627\u0646\u0627 \u0641\u064a\u0646\u064a \u0634\u063a\u0644 \u0645\u062e\u064a", "Too slow and laggy", "\u062c\u0632\u0627\u0643 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0647 \u062e\u064a\u0631\u0627", "Very good and i feel like iam near george kerdahi...thank you", "I think I am in the real", "\u0634\u0643\u0631\u0627 \u0639\u0644\u0649 \u0645\u062c\u0647\u0648\u062f\u0643\u0645", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0628\u062a\u0627\u0631\u0641 \u0643\u062a\u064a\u0631 \u0645\u0645\u0644\u0647 \u0643\u062a\u064a\u0631", "excellent game I love it", "it's not working at all ... just ads working", "\u0646\u0627\u0631 \u0627\u062e\u0648\u0643\u0648 \u0627\u0628\u0648 \u0646\u0627\u062f\u0631 \u270c\ud83c\udffb", "Thank you. \u0634\u0643\u0631\u0627", "\u0645\u0627 \u0639\u0637\u0648\u0646\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0641\u0644\u0648\u0633 \ud83d\ude13", "\u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a \u062e\u0627\u0637\u0626\u0629..\u0634\u064a \u062e\u0631\u0627\u0627", "Its really good for your brain and the way you are learning", "I think my brain is good after playing this game", "\u0627\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u062c\u0645\u064a\u0644\u0629 \u062c\u062f\u0627\u064b", "\u0627\u0646\u0647 \u062a\u0639\u0644\u0645\u0643 \u0627\u0644\u0632\u0643\u0627\u0621", "\u0645\u0627 \u0628\u0646\u0635\u062d \u0628\u062a\u0646\u0632\u064a\u0631\u0644\u0647\u0627", "\u0623\u0633\u0648\u0623 \u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u062b\u0642\u0627\u0641\u064a\u0629", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u062a\u0646\u0645\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a", "\u062a\u0637\u0628\u064a\u0642 \u0643\u062a\u064a\u064a\u0631 \u062d\u0644\u0648", "It's okay", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u0631\u0627\u0621\u0639\u0647", "\u0644\u0645 \u062a\u0639\u062c\u0628\u0646\u064a \u0627\u0628\u062f\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627", "\u0644\u064a\u0633\u062a \u062d\u0644\u0648\u0629", "\u064a\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u0631\u0648\u0639\u0647", "The is sucks,", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u062a\u062d\u0641\u0647 \u2665\u2661\u2665\u00b7\u2665\u2661\u2665\u2661", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u062c\u064a\u062f\u0629", "\u062d\u0644\u0648 \u0643\u062b\u064a\u0631", "\u062a\u0641 \u0639\u0644\u064a\u0634", "Very interesting information", "Is very nice", "Veryyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy   goooooddd", "not working", "\u0633\u064a\u0626 \u062c\u062f\u0627", "need for update", "\u0627\u062d\u062d\u062d\u062d\u062d\u062d\u062d\u062d\u062d\u062d\u0628\u0628\u0628\u0628\u0628\u0628\u0628\u0628\u0628\u0628\u0628\u0628\u0628\u0628\u0628\u0628 \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639\u0647", "\u0627\u062d\u0628\u0628\u062a \u0630\u0627\u0644\u0643", "\u0634\u0628\u0647 \u0637\u064a\u0632\u064a", "\u0644\u064a\u0633\u062a \u0645\u0645\u062a\u0639\u0647", "Good game", "Bad programing", "Very bad", "\u0627\u0644\u0644\u0647 \u062c\u0645\u064a\u0644", "Wow WOW WOW", "\u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639\u0629", "Good to see new year", "\u0631\u0647\u064a\u0628", "This game very good", "\u0645\u0645\u0645..!!", "\u062d\u0644\u0648\u0647", "\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647", "Wow", "Ok", "Iloveit", "Tnx", "V.good", "\u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0641\u064a\u0647\u0627 \u0627\u0644\u0643\u062b\u064a\u0631 \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0623\u062e\u0637\u0627\u0621 \u0645\u062b\u0644 \u0645\u0627 \u062c\u0645\u0639 \u0643\u0644\u0645\u0629 \u0631\u062c\u0644 \u0627\u0646\u0627 \u0627\u062e\u062a\u0627\u0631\u064a\u062a \u0627\u0631\u062c\u0644 \u0648 \u0637\u0644\u0639 \u0627\u0644\u062c\u0648\u0627\u0628 \u063a\u0644\u0637 \u0627\u0644\u064a \u0641\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0631\u062c\u0627\u0644 \u0648 \u0627\u0644\u0633\u0628\u0628 \u0639\u062f\u0645 \u0648\u062c\u0648\u062f \u062d\u0631\u0643\u0627\u062a \ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f", "It is a good idea", "wow what a good app", "Sooooooo soooooooooo easy", "Educational game i like it", "Nice and easy to use", "\u0639\u0627\u062f\u064a\u0629", "\u062a\u0645\u0627\u0645", "\u0627\u0627", "\u0643\u0632\u0628", "\u0627\u0648\u0643", "\u0645\u0645\u064a\u0632\u0627", "\u064a\u0639", "\u0648\u0648\u0648", "\u062a\u0628\u0646", "\u0648\u0648\u0648\u0648\u0648\u0648\u0648\u0648\u0648\u0648\u0648\u0648\u0648", "\u062d\u0644\u0648\u064a\u0627\u0644\u062d\u0644\u0627\u062c\u0645\u064a\u0644", "\u0648\u062d\u0634", "\u0631\u0648\u0639\u0629", "\ud83d\ude1e\ud83d\ude1e\ud83d\ude1e\ud83d\ude1e", "\ud83d\ude10\ud83d\ude10\ud83d\ude10", "\ud83d\udc4e", "Nice  game", "So good", "Useful program", "Good", "Rubbish", "Garbage", "it's amazing", "Good \u2764", "Nice", "Good", "Good", "Love", "\u062f\u0647 \u0645\u0634 \u0645\u0646 \u0633\u064a\u0631\u0628\u062d \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0644\u064a\u0648\u0646 \u062f\u0647 \u0645\u0646 \u0633\u064a\u0643\u0633\u0631 \u0627\u0644\u062a\u0644\u0641\u0632\u064a\u0648\u0646", "\u064a\u0648\u062c\u062f \u0627\u062e\u0637\u0627\u0621 \u0643\u062b\u064a\u0631\u0629 \u0641\u064a \u0627\u062c\u0627\u0628\u0627\u062a \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0633\u0626\u0644\u0647", "\u0645\u0645\u062a\u0627\u0632 \u062c\u062f\u0627", "Great app!! ... Thank you for your great efforts!", "The first time I tried it was on my boy friend mobile I loved it and I ask him what is the name of the gameand then as you know I downloaded it", "\u064a\u0646\u0635\u062d \u0628\u0647\u060c \u062a\u0637\u0628\u064a\u0642 \u062c\u064a\u062f\u060c \u0648 \u063a\u0646\u064a \u0628\u0627\u0644\u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a\u060c  \u062b\u0627\u0628\u0632 \u0627\u0644\u0649 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0645\u0627\u0645 \u0627\u062e\u064a", "\u0645\u0634 \u0639\u0627\u0631\u0641 \u062a\u0641\u0631\u0642 \u0628\u064a\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0631\u0623\u0629 \u0648\u0627\u0644\u0645\u0631\u0622\u0629 \u0648\u062a\u0631\u064a\u062f \u0627\u0644\u0646\u0627\u0633 \u062a\u062d\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u0623\u0633\u0626\u0644\u0629.. \u0623\u0648\u0644\u0627 \u062a\u0639\u0644\u0645 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u063a\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0631\u0628\u064a\u0629.. \u0644\u0644\u0623\u0633\u0641 \u0641\u0627\u0634\u0644 \u062c\u062f\u0627", "\u0645\u0627\u062a\u0633\u062a\u062d\u0641 \u0648\u0644\u0627 \u0646\u062c\u0645\u0627 \u0628\u0633 \u0627\u0644\u0635\u0631\u0627\u062d\u0627 \u0627\u0646\u0627 \u0648\u0635\u0644\u062a \u0644\u0627 1000", "Good but needs an upgrade please", "\u064a\u062d\u062f \u0645\u0635\u0631 \u062b\u0644\u0627\u062b\u0629 \u062f\u0648\u0644 \u0648\u0644\u064a\u0633 \u062f\u0648\u0644\u062a\u0627\u0646 \u0644\u064a\u0628\u064a\u0627\u060c\u0641\u0644\u0633\u0637\u064a\u0646\u060c\u0627\u0644\u0633\u0648\u062f\u0627\u0646", "\u0639\u062f\u062f \u0627\u0644\u0633\u062c\u062f\u0627\u062a \u0641\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0642\u0631\u0627\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0643\u0631\u064a\u0645 15 \u0648\u0644\u064a\u0633 14", "\u0645\u0646 \u0633\u064a\u0631\u0628\u062d \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0644\u064a\u0648 \u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u062c\u064a\u062f\u0627 \u062c\u062f\u0627", "\u0623\u0646\u0627 \u0648\u0633\u0644\u062a \u0625\u0644\u0627 \u0627\u0644\u0633\u0624\u0627\u0644 \u0631\u0642\u0645 12", "Great .very useful. Thanks", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u062c\u0645\u064a\u0644\u0629 \u062c\u062f\u0627 \u0648\u062a\u0646\u0634\u064a\u0637 \u0644\u0644\u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627\u062a", "\u062a\u0637\u0628\u064a\u0642 \u0623\u0643\u062b\u0631 \u0645\u0646 \u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639 \u0634\u0643\u0631\u0627 \u062c\u0632\u064a\u0644\u0627", "\u0639\u062f\u0644\u0648\u0647"], "\u067e\u0627\u0633\u0648\u0631 \u062d\u06a9\u0645\u200e": ["\u0628\u0628\u06cc\u0646 \u0628\u06cc \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0627\u06cc \u0645\u0627 \u0631\u0648 \u0628\u0647 \u0686\u0647 \u0631\u0648\u0632\u06cc \u0627\u0646\u062f\u0627\u062e\u062a\u0647 \u06a9\u0647 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0628\u0627\u06cc\u062f \u06f5\u06f0\u06f0\u06a9\u0627 \u062f\u0627\u0646\u0644\u0648\u062f \u0634\u0647. \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc\u200c\u0645\u062b\u0644 \u0639\u0646 \u0645\u06cc\u0645\u0648\u0646\u0647\u060c \u0627\u0646\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0646\u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u062f\u0631\u0648\u063a \u0646\u0648\u0634\u062a\u0647\u060c \u0622\u0641\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646\u0634 \u0647\u0645 \u062f\u0633\u062a\u06a9\u0627\u0631\u06cc \u0634\u062f\u0647 \u0627\u0633\u062a \u062a\u0648 \u06a9\u0627\u0631\u062a \u062f\u0647\u06cc\u060c \u0622\u0631\u062a \u0647\u0645 \u062f\u0631 \u062d\u062f \u0642\u0627\u0631\u0686", "\u062f\u0631 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0686\u0646\u062f \u0631\u0648\u0632 \u06a9\u0648\u062a\u0627\u0647 \u06a9\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0631\u0648 \u062a\u0633\u062a \u06a9\u0631\u062f\u0645 \u0686\u0646\u062f \u0645\u0648\u0631\u062f \u06a9\u0627\u0645\u0644\u0627 \u0645\u0634\u0647\u0648\u062f \u0628\u0648\u062f: \u062f\u0631 \u0647\u06cc\u0686 \u06cc\u06a9 \u0627\u0632 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0647\u0627 \u0634\u0645\u0627 \u062d\u0627\u06a9\u0645 \u0646\u062e\u0648\u0627\u0647\u06cc\u062f \u0634\u062f \u0628\u0631\u0627\u06cc \u0634\u0631\u0648\u0639 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0646\u062d\u0648\u0647 \u062a\u0648\u0632\u06cc\u0639 \u06a9\u0627\u0631\u062a \u0647\u0627 \u062f \u0628\u06cc\u0634\u062a\u0631 \u0645\u0648\u0627\u0642\u0639 \u0648 \u0628\u0647 \u0634\u062f\u062a \u0628\u0647 \u0633\u0648\u062f \u062a\u06cc\u0645 \u0645\u0642\u0627\u0628\u0644 \u0627\u0646\u062c\u0627\u0645 \u0645\u06cc\u0634\u0647 \u0648 \u0639\u0645\u0648\u0645\u0627 \u0648\u0642\u062a\u06cc \u062a\u06cc\u0645 \u0645\u0642\u0627\u0628\u0644 \u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u0645\u06cc\u06a9\u0646\u0647 \u0628\u0639\u062f \u0627\u0632 \u0627\u0648\u0646 \u06a9\u0627\u0631\u062a\u0647\u0627\u06cc \u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u0628\u0647 \u0646\u062f\u0631\u062a \u0628\u0647 \u062f\u0633\u062a \u0634\u0645\u0627 \u0645\u06cc\u0631\u0633\u0647 \u0628\u0631\u0627\u06cc \u062a\u0633\u062a \u0648 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0645\u062f\u062a \u06a9\u0648\u062a\u0627\u0647 \u062e...Full Review", "\u0628\u0633\u06cc\u0627\u0631 \u0636\u0639\u06cc\u0641 \u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u0647 \u0631\u06cc\u0632\u06cc \u0634\u062f\u0647\u060c \u06cc\u0627\u0631\u062a \u0628\u0627 \u0622\u0633 \u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u0645\u06cc\u0628\u0631\u0647\u060c \u0646\u0641\u0631\u0647 \u0628\u0639\u062f\u06cc\u0634 \u0628\u0627 \u0627\u06cc\u0646\u06a9\u0647 \u0628\u0631\u06af \u0645\u062a\u0641\u0631\u0642\u0647 \u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u0631\u062f \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u062f\u0647 \u0627\u0648\u0646\u0645 \u0628\u0627 \u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u067e\u0627\u06cc\u06cc\u0646\u062a\u0631 \u0645\u06cc\u0628\u0631\u0647 \ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude12", "\u062f\u0648\u0633\u062a \u0639\u0632\u06cc\u0632 \u0627\u06cc\u0646\u06a9\u0647 \u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u062a\u0627\u0628\u0644\u0648 \u0628\u0647 \u06a9\u0627\u0645\u067e\u06cc\u0648\u062a\u0631 \u062f\u0633\u062a \u062e\u0648\u0628 \u0645\u06cc\u062f\u0647 \u0648 \u0628\u0647 \u0645\u0627 \u0628\u062f \u062a\u0627\u0628\u0639 \u062f\u0633\u062a \u062f\u0627\u062f\u0646 \u0631\u0648 \u0631\u0646\u062f\u0648\u0645 \u0648\u0627\u0642\u0639\u06cc \u06a9\u0646", "\u062a\u0648 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u062e\u0637\u0627 \u0645\u06cc\u06a9\u0646\u0647 \u0648 \u0627\u0645\u062a\u06cc\u0627\u0632 \u0631\u0627 \u0627\u0634\u062a\u0628\u0627\u0647 \u0628\u0647 \u0637\u0631\u0641 \u0645\u0642\u0627\u0628\u0644 \u0645\u06cc\u062f\u0647", "\u0645\u0646 \u06a9\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0622\u0646\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646\u06cc \u0646\u062f\u06cc\u062f\u0645!", "\u0628\u062f \u0646\u06cc\u0633\u062a \u0633\u0631\u06af\u0631\u0645 \u0645\u06cc\u06a9\u0646\u0647", "\u0648\u0631\u0642 \u0631\u0648 \u062e\u0648\u0628 \u062a\u0642\u0633\u06cc\u0646 \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u06a9\u0646\u0647", "\u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u062e\u0648\u0628 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0627\u0633\u062a", "\u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0622\u0646\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0646\u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u0628\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc", "That's great", "\u062e\u0648\u0628 \u0628\u0631\u06af \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u062f\u0647 . \u0628\u0647 \u0634\u06a9\u0644 \u0648\u0627\u0636\u062d\u06cc \u0645\u06cc\u0647\u0627\u062f \u062d\u0627\u0644 \u0627\u062f\u0645\u0648 \u0628\u06af\u06cc\u0631\u0647.\u0627\u0632 \u062f\u0633\u062a \u0627\u0648\u0644 \u06a9\u0647 \u0628\u0631\u06af \u0628\u0647\u062a \u0645\u06cc\u062f\u0646 \u0642\u0627\u0628\u0644 \u067e\u06cc\u0634\u0628\u06cc\u0646\u06cc\u0647 \u06a9\u0647 \u0627\u0648\u0646 \u0628\u0631\u06af\u06cc \u06a9\u0647 \u062a\u0648 \u0646\u062f\u0627\u0631\u06cc \u062d\u06a9\u0645\u0647 \u0648 \u0642\u0631\u0627\u0631 \u0647\u0645 \u0646\u06cc\u0633\u062a \u062f\u06cc\u06af\u0647 \u0628\u06cc\u0627\u062f \u0628\u0631\u0627\u062a..\u0627\u0645\u0627 \u0628\u0631\u06af\u0634\u062a\u0646 \u0628\u0647 \u0648\u0631\u0698\u0646 \u0642\u0628\u0644\u06cc \u0628\u0647\u062a\u0631 \u0628\u0648\u062f . \u0648\u0631\u0698\u0646 \u062c\u062f\u06cc\u062f \u0627\u0632 \u0645\u0646\u0627\u0628\u0639 \u0633\u062e\u062a \u0627\u0641\u0632\u0627\u0631 \u0627\u0633\u062a\u0641\u0627\u062f\u0647 \u0632\u06cc\u0627\u062f \u0648 \u0628\u06cc\u062e\u0648\u062f\u06cc \u0645\u06cc\u06a9\u0631\u062f", "\u0686\u0631\u0627 \u0622\u067e\u062f\u06cc\u062a \u06a9\u0631\u062f\u0645 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0622\u0646\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u062d\u0630\u0641 \u0634\u062f\u061f \u062f\u0648\u0628\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u0634\u062f \u0645\u062b \u0648\u0631\u0698\u0646 \u0642\u0628\u0644", "\u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u0633\u0628\u06a9 \u0648 \u0632\u06cc\u0628\u0627", "\u0627\u0635\u0646 \u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc \u0634\u062f\u0647 \u06af\u0631\u0627\u0641\u06cc\u06a9\u0634", "\u0622\u0642\u0627 \u0645\u06af\u0647 \u0686\u0642\u062f \u06a9\u0627\u0631 \u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u0686\u0646\u062f \u0646\u0641\u0631\u0647 \u0627\u0641\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0647\u0645 \u0627\u0636\u0627\u0641\u0647 \u06a9\u0646\u06cc\u062f \u0628\u0647\u0634..\u0634\u0631\u0637 \u0645\u06cc\u0628\u0646\u062f\u0645 \u0627\u06cc\u0646\u06a9\u0627\u0631\u0648 \u0628\u06a9\u0646\u06cc\u062f \u0631\u06a9\u0648\u0631\u062f \u062f\u0627\u0646\u0644\u0648\u062f \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0631\u0648 \u062a\u0648 \u0627\u06cc\u0631\u0627\u0646 \u0645\u06cc\u0632\u0646\u0647..\u0627\u0644\u0628\u062a\u0647 \u0645\u062c\u0627\u0646\u06cc \u0628\u0627\u0634\u0647 \u0647\u0627", "\u0686\u0642\u062f\u0631 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0628\u0627\u06af \u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u0627\u0639\u0635\u0627\u0628\u0645 \u062e\u0648\u0631\u062f \u0634\u062f \u0627\u0632 \u0628\u0633 \u06cc\u0627\u0631\u0645 \u062e\u0627\u0644 \u0633\u0631 \u0645\u0646\u0648 \u0645\u06cc \u0628\u0631\u0647 \u06cc\u0627 \u0631\u0648\u06cc \u0628\u0631\u0634 \u0645\u0646 \u062f\u0631 \u062d\u0627\u0644\u06cc \u06a9\u0647 \u0646\u0641\u0631 \u0622\u062e\u0631 \u0647\u0645 \u0647\u0633\u062a \u0628\u0627\u0632\u0645 \u0645\u06cc \u0628\u0631\u0647 \u06cc\u0627 \u0648\u0642\u062a\u06cc \u062d\u0631\u06cc\u0641 \u0628\u0627 \u0648\u0631\u0642 \u0628\u0627\u0644\u0627\u062a\u0631 \u0645\u06cc \u0628\u0631\u0647 \u0627\u0648\u0646\u0645 \u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u0632\u06cc\u0631 \u0645\u06cc \u0632\u0646\u0647. \u062f\u0631\u0633\u062a\u0634 \u06a9\u0646\u06cc\u062f \u062c\u0627\u0646 \u0645\u06cc\u062b\u0627\u0642\u06cc", "\u0646\u0633\u0628\u062a \u0628\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc\u0647\u0627\u06cc \u0642\u0628\u0644 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u0628\u0647\u062a\u0631\u0647 \u0627\u0634\u062a\u0628\u0627\u0647 \u0646\u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u062a\u0648 \u0648\u0631\u0642 .\u0633\u0631\u06cc\u0639 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0645\u06cc\u0634\u0647 ..\u062a\u0627 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0646\u0645 \u0645\u0646 \u0686\u0646\u062f\u0628\u0627\u0631 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u06a9\u0631\u062f\u0645 \u0647\u0645 \u0628\u0631\u062f\u0645 \u0647\u0645 \u0628\u0627\u062e\u062a\u0645 ..\u062e\u0648\u0628\u0647 \u0628\u0647 \u0646\u0638\u0631 \u0645\u0646", "\u0633\u0627\u0632\u0646\u062f\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0633\u0627\u062f\u06cc\u0633\u0645 \u062f\u0627\u0634\u062a\u0647 \u06cc\u0627\u0631 \u0645\u0642\u0627\u0628\u0644 \u0627\u0641\u062a\u0636\u0627\u062d \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0645\u06cc\u06a9\u0646\u0647 \u062f\u0633\u062a\u06cc \u06a9\u0647 \u0628\u0647\u062a \u0645\u06cc\u062f\u0647 \u0627\u0641\u062a\u0636\u0627\u062d\u0647 \u0631\u0642\u06cc\u0628 \u0647\u0645\u06cc\u0634\u0647 \u062f\u06cc\u062a\u0634 \u067e\u0631 \u0627\u0632 \u062d\u06a9\u0645\u0647 \ud83d\ude11", "The distribution of cards is not random. They should at least try and make it a little like the real life game.", "\u0627\u0646\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0646\u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u06a9\u0647. \u0686\u0631\u0627 \u062f\u0631\u0648\u063a \u0645\u06cc\u0646\u0648\u06cc\u0633\u06cc\u062f \u0627\u0644\u06a9\u06cc \u062d\u062c\u0645 \u0646\u062a \u0627\u062f\u0645 \u0631\u0648 \u0645\u06cc\u0628\u0631\u06cc\u062f", "Its a good game and good to kill time.", "use the best professional gamer for upgrade player...thanks..", "\u0642\u0633\u0645\u062a \u0627\u0646\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646\u0634 \u0686\u062c\u0648\u0631\u06cc \u0645\u06cc\u0627\u062f. \u0645\u0646 \u06a9 \u0646\u062f\u06cc\u062f\u0645", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc\u0647. \u0641\u0642\u0637 \u06a9\u0627\u0634 \u06cc\u0647 \u06af\u0632\u06cc\u0646\u0647 \u062f\u0627\u0634\u062a \u062e\u0648\u062f\u0645\u0648\u0646 \u0627\u0648\u0644\u06cc\u0646 \u062d\u0627\u06a9\u0645 \u0645\u06cc\u0634\u062f\u06cc\u0645 :)", "\u062e\u062e\u062e \u062e\u06cc\u0644\u0647 \u0627\u0645\u0627\u062a\u0648\u0631\u0647 \u0648\u0644\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u0645 \u062f\u0645 \u0642\u06af\u06cc\u0627\u0646 \u06af\u0631\u0645 \u0627\u06cc\u0644\u0627\u0645 \u0633\u06cc\u062a\u06cc", "\u06af\u0631\u0627\u0641\u06cc\u06a9 \u067e\u0627\u06cc\u06cc\u0646! \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u06a9\u0627\u0645\u067e\u06cc\u0648\u062a\u0631 \u0628\u0633\u06cc\u0627\u0631 \u0636\u0639\u06cc\u0641! \u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u0647 \u0646\u0648\u06cc\u0633\u0634 \u0645\u0628\u062a\u062f\u06cc \u0628\u0648\u062f\u0647! \u0622\u0646\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0647\u0645 \u0627\u0635\u0644\u0627\u064b \u0646\u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647\ud83d\udc4e!!!", "The programmer is certainly amateur at hokm.", "\u067e\u0631 \u0627\u0632 \u0628\u0627\u06af \u0647\u0627\u06cc \u0645\u062e\u062a\u0644\u0641", "Thank you", "Tooooo advertisment", "Thanks for the game", "\u06be\u06be\u06be\u06be\u06be", "\u0648\u0648", "\u062e\u0648\u0628", "\u0639\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0644\u06cc", "very good", "The most computer fixed game ever. Totally one sided.", "\u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u062e\u0648\u0628\u06cc\u0647 \u0645\u0646 \u06a9\u0647 \u0627\u0632\u0634 \u0644\u0630\u062a \u0645\u06cc\u0628\u0631\u0645 \u0641\u0642\u0637 \u062c\u062f\u0648\u0644\u0647 \u0627\u0636\u0627\u0641\u06cc\u0647 \u062d\u0648\u0635\u0644\u0647 \u0622\u062f\u0645\u0648 \u0633\u0631\u0645\u06cc\u0628\u0631\u0647 \u0627\u06af\u0647 \u062d\u0630\u0641 \n\u0628\u0634\u0647 \u062e\u0648\u0628\u0647 \u0628\u0647 \u0642\u0648\u0644 \u062f\u0648\u0633\u062a\u0627\u0646 \u0627\u0634\u06a9\u0627\u0644\u0627\u062a\u06cc \u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u0627\u0645\u06cc\u062f \u0628\u0647 \u06a9\u0645 \u0634\u062f\u0646 \u0645\u0639\u0627\u06cc\u0628 \u0648 \u0642\u0648\u06cc\u062a\u0631 \u0634\u062f\u0646 \u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u0647", "\u0633\u0644\u0627\u0645 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u062e\u0648\u0628\u06cc\u0647 \u0646\u0642\u0635\u0647\u0627\u0634 \u0627\u06cc\u0646\u0647 \u06a9\u0647 \u062d\u0631\u06cc\u0641 \u0627\u0632 \u06a9\u0627\u0631\u062a\u0647\u0627\u06cc \u0647\u0645 \u0628\u0627\u062e\u0628\u0631 \u0647\u0633\u062a\u0646 \u0648\u0644\u06cc \u0634\u0631\u06cc\u06a9\u062a \u0648\u0627\u0633\u0647 \n\u062f\u0644 \u062e\u0648\u062f\u0634 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0645\u06cc\u06a9\u0646\u0647 \u0648\u0642\u062a\u06cc \u0647\u0645 \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u062a\u0648\u0646\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0644\u0627\u062f\u0633\u062a \u0628\u0628\u0631\u0647 \u062d\u06a9\u0645\u0634\u0648 \u062d\u0631\u0648\u0645 \u0645\u06cc\u06a9\u0646\u0647 \u0627\u062c\u0627\u0632\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \n\u0628\u0639\u062f \u0627\u0632 \u06a9\u062a \u0634\u062f\u0646 \u0647\u0645 \u0642\u0631\u0627\u0631 \u0628\u062f\u06cc\u062f \u062a\u0627 \u0628\u0634\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0645 \u06a9\u0631\u062f\u060c\u0645\u0645\u0646\u0648\u0646\u0645 \u0645\u0648\u0641\u0642 \u0628\u0627\u0634\u06cc\u062f.", "\u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u062e\u0648\u0628\u06cc\u0647 \u0641\u0642\u0637 \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u062f\u0648\u0646\u0645 \u0686\u0631\u0627 \u0648\u0642\u062a\u06cc \u062d\u0631\u06cc\u0641 \u0628\u0627 \u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u0645\u06cc\u0628\u0631\u0647 \u06cc\u0627\u0631 \u062e\u0646\u06af \u0645\u0646\u0645 \u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u0645\u06cc\u0646\u062f\u0627\u0632\u0647\u060c\u062f\u0631 \u0636\u0645\u0646 \u0622\u062e\u0631 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0627\u06af\u0647 \u06a9\u0627\u0631\u062a\u0647\u0627\u06cc \u0645\u0648\u0646\u062f\u0647 \u0631\u0648 \u0646\u0634\u0648\u0646 \u0645\u06cc\u062f\u0627\u062f \u062e\u0648\u0628 \u0628\u0648\u062f", "\u0647\u0648\u0634 \u0645\u0635\u0646\u0648\u0639\u06cc \u0631\u0648 \u0634\u0645\u0627 \u0647\u06cc\u0686 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u0637\u0631\u0627\u062d\u06cc \u0648 \u0631\u0641\u0639 \u0627\u06cc\u0631\u0627\u062f\u06cc \u0646\u06a9\u0631\u062f\u06cc\u060c \u0641\u0642\u0637 \u0628\u0631\u0627\u06cc \u0627\u06cc\u0646\u06a9\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0628\u0631\u0627\u06cc \n\u06a9\u0627\u0631\u0628\u0631 \u0633\u062e\u062a \u062a\u0631 \u0628\u0634\u0647 \u0627\u0648\u0645\u062f\u06cc \u062a\u0648\u06cc \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0622\u067e\u062f\u06cc\u062a \u062c\u062f\u06cc\u062f\u062a\u0648\u0646 \u062c\u0648\u0631\u06cc \u06a9\u062f \u062f\u0627\u062f\u06cc \u06a9\u0647 \u062a\u0627 \u062c\u0627\u06cc \u0645\u0645\u06a9\u0646 \n\u062f\u0633\u062a \u0636\u0639\u06cc\u0641\u06cc \u06af\u06cc\u0631\u0634 \u0628\u06cc\u0627\u062f \u0648\u06af\u0631\u0646\u0647 \u0642\u0628\u0644\u0627 \u0627\u06cc\u0646\u0637\u0648\u0631\u06cc \u0646\u0628\u0648\u062f.\u0633\u0648\u062a\u06cc \u0647\u0627\u06cc \u06cc\u0627\u0631 \u0645\u0642\u0627\u0628\u0644 \u0647\u0645 \u0627\u0636\u0627\u0641\u0647 \u06a9\u0646 \n\u0628\u0647 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0645\u0627\u062c\u0631\u0627...", "\u0647\u0648\u0634 \u0645\u0635\u0646\u0648\u0639\u06cc \u062c\u062f\u06cc\u062f\u062a\u0648\u0646 \u0641\u0642\u0637 \u0646\u0648\u0639 \u0633\u0648\u062a\u06cc\u0647\u0627 \u0631\u0648 \u0639\u0648\u0636 \u06a9\u0631\u062f\u0647\u060c \u063a\u06cc\u0631 \u0627\u0632 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0627\u062a\u0641\u0627\u0642 \u062e\u0627\u0635\u06cc \u0646\u06cc\u0641\u062a\u0627\u062f\u0647\u060c \u0642\u0628\u0644\u0627 \u0648\u0642\u062a\u06cc \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u062a\u0645\u0648\u0645 \u0645\u06cc\u0634\u062f\u060c \u06af\u0632\u06cc\u0646\u0647 \u0627\u062f\u0627\u0645\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0642\u0628\u0644\u06cc \u062d\u0630\u0641 \u0645\u06cc\u0634\u062f\u060c \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0646 \u0646\u0647", "\u0645\u0648\u0642\u0639\u06cc \u06a9\u0647 \u062d\u0631\u06cc\u0641 \u0628\u0627 \u062a\u06a9 \u0645\u06cc \u0628\u0631\u0647 \u06cc\u0627\u0631 \u0647\u0645 \u0631\u0648 \u062a\u06a9 \u062d\u0631\u06cc\u0641 \u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u0645\u06cc\u0632\u0646\u0647 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0627\u06cc\u0631\u0627\u062f \u0631\u0648 \u0631\u0641\u0639 \u06a9\u0646\u06cc\u062f", "\u062e\u0648\u0628 \u0637\u0631\u0627\u062d\u06cc \u0634\u062f\u0647 .\u0647\u0648\u0634 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0645\u06cc\u062a\u0648\u0646\u0647 \u0642\u0648\u06cc \u062a\u0631 \u0628\u0627\u0634\u0647 . \u0631\u0627\u0633\u062a\u06cc \u0686\u0631\u0627 \u0628\u062e\u0634 \u0622\u0646\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0631\u0648 \n\u0628\u0631\u062f\u0627\u0634\u062a\u06cc\u062f \u061f", "it's not too much interesting", "\u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0622\u0646\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0646\u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u0686\u0631\u0627 \u0627\u0644\u06a9\u06cc \u0646\u0648\u0634\u062a\u06cc\u062f \u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647!", "\u06a9\u0635 \u062e\u0627\u0631 \u0645\u0627\u062f\u0631 \u0633\u0627\u0632\u0646\u062f\u0647 \u06cc \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u06cc\u0639\u0646\u06cc \u06a9\u0635 \u0646\u0646\u062a", "Very good thanks play store team", "\u0628\u0647 \u0686\u0647 \u062f\u0631\u062f \u0645\u06cc\u062e\u0648\u0631\u0647 \u0622\u0646\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0646\u06cc\u0633\u062a!! \u061f\u061f!!", "\u0645\u0646 \u06a9\u0647 \u0647\u0645\u0634 \u0633\u0631\u0645 \u062a\u0648 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc\u0647..\u062f\u0645\u062a\u0648\u0646 \u06af\u0631\u0645", "Full of comerical ads in new updat.", "\u062a\u0628\u0644\u06cc\u063a\u0627\u062a\u0634 \u0632\u06cc\u0627\u062f\u0647 \u0627\u0648\u0646\u0645 \u0648\u0633\u0637 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc", "\u0647\u0648\u0634 \u0645\u0635\u0646\u0648\u0639\u06cc = \u062c\u0644\u0628\u06a9", "Can play online please", "\u0627\u0633\u06a9\u0644 \u06af\u06cc\u0631\u0627\u0648\u0631\u062f\u06cc\u0646 \u0648\u0627\u0644\u0627", "\u06af\u0648\u062f", "\u062e\u0648\u0628\u0647", "\u06a9\u06cc\u062e\u0627", "Like", "\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "Best", "best", "Online game is not working after new update. It will also be better with \nmultiplayer game option to play with friends .", "\u0631\u0648\u06cc \u0627\u0646\u062f\u0631\u0648\u06cc\u062f 8 \u0627\u062c\u0631\u0627 \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u0634\u0647..", "\u067e\u0633 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0622\u0646\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646\u0634 \u0686\u0631\u0627 \u062d\u0630\u0641 \u0634\u062f\u061f\u061f\u061f \u062a\u0646\u0647\u0627 \u0645\u0632\u06cc\u062a\u0634 \u0646\u0633\u0628\u062a \u0628\u0647 \u0628\u0642\u06cc\u0647 \u0647\u0645\u0648\u0646 \u0622\u0646\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646\u0634 \u0628\u0648\u062f", "\u0628\u0627\u06cc\u062f \u0628\u0631\u0627\u06cc \u06a9\u0633\u06cc \u06a9\u0647 \u0646\u0648\u0628\u062a \u0634 \u0647\u0633\u062a \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u06a9\u0646\u0647 \u0632\u0645\u0627\u0646 \u06cc\u06a9 \u062f\u0642\u06cc\u0642\u0647 \u0627\u0636\u0627\u0641\u0647 \u0628\u0634\u0647 \u0686\u0648\u0646 \u0628\u0639\u0636\u06cc \u062f\u0648\u0633\u062a\u0627\u0646 \u06a9\u0647 \u062f\u0631\u062d\u0627\u0644 \u0628\u0627\u062e\u062a\u0646 \u0647\u0633\u062a\u0646 \u06a9\u0627\u0631\u062a \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u0627\u0646\u062f\u0627\u0632\u0646\u062f \u062a\u0627 \u0645\u0627 \u0627\u0646\u0635\u0631\u0627\u0641 \u0628\u062f\u06cc\u0645 \u0644\u0637\u0641\u0627 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0648\u06cc\u0698\u06af\u06cc \u062d\u06cc\u0627\u062a\u06cc \u0627\u0636\u0627\u0641\u0647 \u06af\u0631\u062f\u062f \u062a\u0634\u06a9\u0631", "\u0627\u062a\u0641\u0627\u0642\u0627 \u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc\u0645 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0642\u0634\u0646\u06af \u0648 \u062e\u0648\u0628\u06cc\u0647 \u062f\u0645 \u0633\u0627\u0632\u0646\u062f\u0634\u0648\u0646 \u0647\u0645 \u06af\u0631\u0645 \u0641\u0642\u0637 \u0627\u06af\u0631 \u06cc\u0647 \u062a\u0627\u06cc\u0645\u0631 \u0632\u0645\u0627\u0646\u06cc \u0645\u06cc\u0630\u0627\u0634\u062a\u0646 \u06a9\u0647 \u0647\u0631 \u06a9\u0633 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0646\u06a9\u0631\u062f \u0628\u0639\u062f \u0627\u0632 \u0627\u0648\u0646 \u0632\u0645\u0627\u0646 \u062a\u06cc\u0645\u0634 \u0628\u0628\u0627\u0632\u0647 \u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u062e\u0648\u0628 \u0645\u06cc\u0634\u062f \u0648\u0644\u06cc \u0628\u0627 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u062d\u0627\u0644 \u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u062e\u0648\u0628\u0647 \u0627\u06cc\u0648\u0648\u0648\u0644", "\u0647\u0648\u0634 \u0645\u0635\u0646\u0648\u0639\u06cc \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u0636\u0639\u06cc\u0641\u0647 \u0648 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u0686\u0647\u0627\u0631 \u0646\u0641\u0631\u0647 \u0646\u06cc\u0633\u062a! \u0628\u0627\u06cc\u062f \u0628\u0627 \u0646\u0641\u0631 \u0631\u0648\u0628\u0631\u0648\u06cc\u06cc  \u0647\u0645 \u0628\u0647 \u0639\u0646\u0648\u0627\u0646 \u0631\u0642\u06cc\u0628 \u0628\u0631\u062e\u0648\u0631\u062f \u0628\u0634\u0647! \u0631\u0648 \u062f\u0633\u062a \u0645\u0646 \u06a9\u0647 \u0645\u06cc \u0628\u0631\u0647\u060c \u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u0647\u0627\u06cc \u0645\u0646\u0648 \u0647\u0645 \u0647\u0645\u06cc\u0634\u0647 \u0628\u06cc \u062f\u0644\u06cc\u0644 \u0645\u06cc\u06a9\u0634\u0647 \u067e\u0627\u06cc\u06cc\u0646.", "\u0647\u0648\u0634 \u0645\u0635\u0646\u0648\u0639\u06cc \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0646\u06cc\u0627\u0632 \u0628\u0647 \u0628\u0647\u0628\u0648\u062f \u062f\u0627\u0631\u062f. \u06cc\u0627\u0631 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc\u06a9\u0646 \u062e\u0637\u0627\u0647\u0627\u06cc \u0641\u0627\u062d\u0634\u06cc \u062f\u0627\u0631\u062f. \u0628\u0647 \u0637\u0648\u0631 \u0645\u062b\u0627\u0644 \u0631\u0648\u06cc \u062f\u0633\u062a\u06cc \u06a9\u0647 \u0634\u0645\u0627 \u0628\u0631\u06cc\u062f\u06cc\u062f \u0627\u0648\u0646 \u0647\u0645 \u0645\u06cc\u0628\u0631\u0647 \u0639\u0644\u06cc\u0631\u063a\u0645 \u0627\u06cc\u0646\u06a9\u0647 \u062a\u0646\u0647\u0627 \u06cc\u06a9 \u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u062f\u0631 \u062f\u0633\u062a \u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u0648 \u06cc\u0627 \u0645\u062b\u0644\u0627 \u062e\u0627\u0644 \u0633\u0631 \u0634\u0645\u0627 \u06a9\u0647 \u0634\u0627\u0647 \u0647\u0633\u062a \u0631\u0627 \u0645\u06cc\u0628\u0631\u0647 \u0648 \u06a9\u0627\u0645\u0644\u0627 \u0628\u0647 \u0646\u0641\u0639 \u062d\u0631\u06cc\u0641 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0645\u06cc\u06a9\u0646\u062f :)", "\u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc\u0647 \u0628\u062f\u06cc \u0646\u06cc\u0633\u062a\u060c \u0648\u0644\u06cc \u0628\u0632\u0631\u06af\u062a\u0631\u06cc\u0646 \u0639\u06cc\u0628 \u0647\u0627\u0634 \u0627\u06cc\u0646\u0647 \u06a9\u0647 \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u062a\u0648\u0646\u06cc \u0628\u0627 \u062f\u0648\u0633\u062a\u0627\u062a \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u06a9\u0646\u06cc \u062d\u0631\u06cc\u0641 \u0634\u0627\u0646\u0633\u06cc \u0645\u06cc\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u0633\u0631\u0639\u062a \u06a9\u0627\u0631\u062a \u067e\u062e\u0634 \u06a9\u0631\u062f\u0646\u0634 \u06a9\u0645\u0647 \u06a9\u0646\u062a\u0631\u0644 \u0631\u0648\u06cc \u062f\u0633\u062a\u062a \u0646\u062f\u0627\u0631\u06cc \u0645\u0645\u06a9\u0646\u0647 \u0627\u0634\u062a\u0628\u0627\u0647\u0627 \u06cc\u0647 \u06a9\u0627\u0631\u062a \u062f\u06cc\u06af\u0647 \u0631\u0648 \u0628\u062f\u06cc", "\u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u0647 \u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u062e\u0648\u0628\u06cc\u0647. \u06cc\u0647  \u0627\u0634\u06a9\u0627\u0644 \u062a\u0648 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647\u061b  \u0627\u06cc\u0646\u06a9\u0647 \u0628\u0639\u0636\u06cc \u0627\u0648\u0642\u0627\u062a \u06a9\u0647 \u0645\u0646 \u0628\u0631\u06cc\u062f\u0645\u061b \u0631\u0648\u0628\u0631\u0648\u0645 \u0647\u0645 \u0628\u0631\u06cc\u062f. \u06cc\u0627 \u062f\u0633\u062a \u0627\u0648\u0644 \u0634\u0627\u0647 \u0645\u06cc\u0632\u0627\u0631\u0645\u061b \u0631\u0648\u0628\u0631\u0648 \u062a\u06a9 \u0645\u06cc\u0632\u0627\u0631\u0647! \u06cc\u0627 \u062c\u0648\u0627\u0628 \u062f\u0633\u062a \u0631\u0648 \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u062f\u0647", "\u0627\u06a9\u062b\u0631\u0627 \u062f\u0633\u062a \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u062f\u0647 \u062f\u0648\u0633\u062a\u062a \u062c\u0648\u0627\u0628 \u062f\u0631\u0633\u062a \u0628\u0647 \u06a9\u0627\u0631\u062a\u062a \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u062f\u0647 \u0648  \u062f\u0633\u062a\u0648 \u062e\u0631\u0627\u0628 \u0645\u06cc\u06a9\u0646\u0647 \u06a9\u0627\u0631\u062a \u0627\u0634\u062a\u0628\u0627\u0647 \u0645\u0645\u06a9\u0646\u0647 \u0628\u0646\u062f\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc\u0634 \u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u06a9\u0646\u062f\u0647 \u062f\u0645 \u0628\u0647 \u062f\u06cc\u0642\u0647 \u062a\u0628\u0644\u06cc\u063a\u0627\u062a \u0645\u06cc\u067e\u0631\u0647 \u0648\u0633\u0637 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0627\u06a9\u062b\u0631\u0627 \u062a\u0648\u06cc \u062f\u0633\u062a\u062a \u0627\u0632 \u06cc\u0647 \u0646\u0648\u0639 \u06a9\u0627\u0631\u062a \u0628\u06cc\u0634\u062a\u0631 \u0627\u0632 8 \u062a\u0627 \u06a9\u0627\u0631\u062a \u0647\u0633\u062a \u06a9\u0644\u0627 \u0645\u0632\u062e\u0631\u0641\u0647 \u062d\u062c\u0645\u062a\u0648\u0646\u0648 \u062a\u0644\u0641 \u0646\u06a9\u0646\u06cc\u0646 \u062a\u0645\u0627\u0645", "\u0641\u0648\u0642\u200c\u0627\u0644\u0639\u0627\u062f\u0647 \u0636\u0639\u06cc\u0641\u200c\u0648 \u0645\u0632\u062e\u0631\u0641 \u0633\u0631\u0639\u062a \u067e\u0627\u06cc\u06cc\u0646\u200c \u062a\u0628\u0644\u06cc\u063a\u0627\u062a \u062f\u0631\u0648\u0646 \u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u0647 \u0648 \u0636\u0639\u0641 \u062f\u0631 \u06a9\u0627\u0631\u062a \u06a9\u0634\u06cc\u062f\u0646 \u0633\u0631\u06cc\u0639 \u0648 \u0639\u062f\u0645\u200c\u062a\u0645\u0627\u06cc\u0632 \u06a9\u0627\u0631\u062a\u0647\u0627 \u0628\u0627\u0647\u0645\u200c\u0645\u0648\u0642\u0639\u06cc \u06a9\u0647 \u0645\u06cc\u062e\u0627\u06cc \u0648\u0631\u0642 \u0645\u0648\u0631\u062f \u0646\u0638\u0631 \u0631\u0648 \u0628\u0630\u0627\u0631\u06cc \u0648\u0633\u0637", "\u0622\u062e\u0647 \u0622\u062f\u0645 \u0646\u0627 \u062d\u0633\u0627\u0628\u06cc \u062a\u0648 \u0648\u0627\u0633\u0647 \u0645\u0631\u062f\u0645 \u062c\u0646\u06af \u0627\u0639\u0635\u0627\u0628 \u062f\u0631\u0633\u062a \u06a9\u0631\u062f\u06cc \u06cc\u0627 \u0633\u0631\u06af\u0631\u0645\u06cc\u061f \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0686\u06cc\u0647 \u0622\u062e\u0647 \u062e\u0648\u062f\u062a\u0648 \u0645\u0633\u062e\u0631\u0647 \u06a9\u0631\u062f\u06cc \u0639\u0648\u0636\u06cc\u061f \u0627\u06af\u0647 \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u062a\u0648\u0646\u06cc \u0628\u06cc\u062e\u0648\u062f \u06a9\u0631\u062f\u06cc \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u062f\u0631\u0633\u062a \u06a9\u0631\u062f\u06cc\u060c \u0627\u06af\u0631 \u0645\u06cc\u062a\u0648\u0646\u06cc \u0648 \u0646\u06a9\u0631\u062f\u06cc \u06a9\u0647 \u067e\u0633 \u062f\u06cc\u0648\u0627\u0646\u0647 \u0627\u06cc\u060c \u062e\u0628 \u0646\u06a9\u0646 \u0628\u0634\u0631 \u0628\u06cc \u062e\u0631\u062f \u0646\u06a9\u0646 \u0622\u062f\u0645 \u0628\u06cc...\u200c\u200c", "\u0648\u0627\u0642\u0639\u0627\u064b \u0646\u0627\u0639\u0627\u062f\u0644\u0627\u0646\u0647 \u0647\u0633\u062a \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc\u0634 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0622\u0646\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646\u0634\u0645 \u0641\u0642\u0637 \u06cc\u0647 \u0646\u0641\u0631 \u0622\u0646\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0628\u0627\u0647\u0627\u062a\u0647 \u062f\u0648\u0633\u062a\u0627\u062a \u0631\u0648 \n\u0647\u0645 \u0646\u0645\u06cc \u062a\u0648\u0646\u06cc \u0628\u0627\u0647\u0627\u0634\u0648\u0646 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u06a9\u0646\u06cc \u0686\u0648\u0646 \u0641\u0642\u0637 \u06cc\u0647 \u062d\u0631\u06cc\u0641 \u0645\u06cc\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u0627\u0648\u0646\u0645 \u0634\u0627\u0646\u0633\u06cc \u0648 \u062f\u0648\u062a\u0627\u06cc \u062f\u06cc\u06af\u0647 \nandroid \u0647\u0633\u062a\u0646 \u0648 \u06af\u0646\u062f \u0645\u06cc \u0632\u0646\u0646 \u0628\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0627\u0635\u0644\u0627\u064b \u067e\u06cc\u0634 \u0646\u0647\u0627\u062f\u0634 \u0641\u0648\u0642 \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0627\u062f\u0647 \u0628\u06cc \u0645\u0632\u0633\u062a", "\u06cc\u0627\u0631\u062a \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0628\u0644\u062f \u0646\u06cc\u0633\u062a \u0648\u0642\u062a\u06cc \u0633\u0631\u06cc\u060c \u0645\u06cc\u0628\u0631\u062f\u062a. \u062a\u0642\u0633\u06cc\u0645 \u06a9\u0627\u0631\u062a \u0647\u0645 \u06a9\u0627\u0645\u0644\u0627 \u0646\u0627\u0639\u0627\u062f\u0644\u0627\u0646\u0647 \u0648 \u062f\u0648\u062a\u0627 \n\u062d\u0631\u06cc\u0641\u062a \u0627\u0632 \u06a9\u0627\u0631\u062a\u0627\u06cc \u0647\u0645 \u0628\u0627\u062e\u0628\u0631\u0646!!! \u0648 \u06cc\u0627\u0631\u062a \u0627\u0635\u0644\u0627 \u0645\u0641\u0647\u0648\u0645 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc\u062a \u0631\u0648 \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u0641\u0647\u0645\u0647", "Connection keeps getting disrupted so online gaming becomes impossible. Please fix the connection issues.", "\u0646\u0645\u06cc\u062e\u0648\u0627\u0645 \u0631\u0648\u062d\u06cc\u062a\u0648 \u062e\u0631\u0627\u0628 \u06a9\u0646\u0645 \u0641\u0642\u0637 \u0628\u06cc\u0634\u062a\u0631 \u062a\u0644\u0627\u0634 \u06a9\u0646.  \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u06a9\u0647 \u0634\u0645\u0627 \u0633\u0627\u062e\u062a\u06cc \u0628\u06cc\u0634\u062a\u0631 \u0628\u0647 \u062f\u0631\u062f \u0622\u062a\u0627\u0631\u06cc \u0648 \u0645\u06cc\u06a9\u0631\u0648 \u0645\u06cc\u062e\u0648\u0631\u0647 \u0645\u0631\u062f\u0645 \u062a\u0648\u0642\u0639\u0634\u0648\u0646 \u0631\u0641\u062a\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0644\u0627..", "\u062c\u0648\u0627\u0646\u0627\u0646 \u0645\u0645\u0644\u06a9\u062a \u0645\u0627 \u0628\u0633\u06cc\u0627\u0631 \u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc \u06a9\u0627\u0631 \u0645\u06cc \u06a9\u0646\u0646\u062f  \u0645\u0646 \u0628\u0647 \u0647\u06cc\u0686 \u0648\u062c\u0647 \u0642\u0628\u0648\u0644 \u0646\u0645\u06cc \u06a9\u0646\u0645 \u062d\u0631\u0641 \u06a9\u0633\u0627\u0646\u06cc \u0631\u0627 \u06a9\u0647 \u0645\u06cc \u06af\u0648\u06cc\u0646\u062f \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0645\u0634\u06a9\u0644 \u062f\u0627\u0631\u062f  \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0646\u0642\u0635 \u0647\u0627\u06cc \u06a9\u0648\u0686\u06a9\u06cc \u062f\u0627\u0631\u062f \u062a\u0648\u06cc\u06cc \u06a9\u0647 \u0645\u06cc\u06af\u0648\u06cc\u06cc \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0633\u0627\u062e\u062a\u0646\u0634 \u0628\u062f \u0627\u0633\u062a \u062e\u0648\u062f\u062a \u0645\u06cc \u062a\u0648\u0627\u0646\u06cc \u0647\u0645\u06cc\u0646 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0631\u0627 \u0628\u0633\u0627\u0632\u06cc\u061f", "\u0645\u0632\u062e\u0631\u0641 \u062a\u0631\u06cc\u0646 \u0648 \u0686\u0631\u0646\u062f \u062a\u0631\u06cc\u0646 \u0648 \u0686\u0631\u062a \u062a\u0631\u06cc\u0646 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u062d\u06a9\u0645\u06cc \u06a9\u0647 \u0645\u06cc \u062a\u0648\u0646\u0633\u062a \u0648\u062c\u0648\u062f \u062f\u0627\u0634\u062a\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0634\u0647 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc\u0647\u060c \u062f\u0631 \u0637\u0648\u0644 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u062e\u0648\u0634 \u0634\u0627\u0646\u0633 \u0628\u0627\u0634\u06cc \u062a\u0639\u062f\u0627\u062f \u0628\u0631\u06af \u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u0647\u0627\u062a 3 \u0628\u0631\u06af \u0627\u0632 \u0646\u0648\u0639  \u0639\u062f\u062f\u06cc \u0636\u0639\u06cc\u0641 \u0628\u0634\u0647\u060c \u0645\u06af\u0647 \u0645\u06cc\u0634\u0647  1000 \u062f\u0641\u0639\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u06a9\u0631\u062f\u0645 \u0648 \u06cc\u0647 \u062f\u0633\u062a \u0647\u0645 \u062a\u0639\u062f\u0627\u062f \u0628\u0631\u06af \u0647\u0627\u06cc \u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u0627\u0632 2 \u0639\u062f\u062f \u0641\u0631\u0627\u062a\u0631 \u0646\u0631\u0641\u062a\u0647\u061f\u061f!! \u0686\u0637\u0648\u0631 \u0647\u0645\u06cc\u0634\u0647 \u0628\u0631\u06af\u0647\u0627\u06cc \u063a\u06cc\u0631 \u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u0631\u062f\u06cc\u0641 \u0645\u06cc\u0634\u0647 \u0648 \u0686\u0646\u062f\u062a\u0627 \u0686\u0646\u062f\u062a\u0627 \u0628\u0647 \u062f...Full Review", "\u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u062e\u0648\u0628\u06cc\u0647 \u0648\u0644\u06cc \u0648\u0642\u062a\u06cc \u06cc\u06a9\u06cc \u062f\u06cc\u0631\u062a\u0631 \u0627\u0632 \u06cc\u06a9 \u062f\u0642\u06cc\u0642\u0647 \u0645\u06cc\u0646\u062f\u0627\u0632\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u06cc\u062f \u0627\u0648\u0646 \u062a\u06cc\u0645 \u0631\u0648 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u0646\u062f\u0647 \u0627\u0639\u0644\u0627\u0645 \u06a9\u0646\u0646\u062f \u0628\u0639\u0636\u06cc \u0647\u0627 \u0645\u06cc\u0631\u0646\u062f \u062f\u06cc\u06af\u0647 \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u0627\u0646\ud83d\ude12\ud83d\ude12\ud83d\ude12", "\u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc \u0648 \u0633\u0631\u06af\u0631\u0645 \u06a9\u0646\u0646\u062f\u0633\u062a \u0641\u0642\u0637 \u0645\u06cc\u062e\u0648\u0627\u0633\u062a\u0645 \u0628\u067e\u0631\u0633\u0645 \u0686\u0637\u0648\u0631 \u0645\u06cc\u0634\u0647 \u0641\u0647\u0645\u06cc\u062f \u0686\u0647 \u0631\u062a\u0628\u0647 \u0627\u06cc \u062a\u0648\u06cc \u062c\u062f\u0648\u0644 \u062f\u0627\u0631\u0645.\u0633\u067e\u0627\u0633 \u0627\u0632 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc\u062a\u0648\u0646.", "\u0646\u06cc\u0645 \u0633\u062a\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u0647\u0645 \u0632\u06cc\u0627\u062f\u0634\u0647.\u0647\u0631\u0686\u06cc \u06a9\u0631\u062f\u0645 \u0628\u06cc\u0627\u0645 \u0628\u06af\u0645 \u0686\u0648\u0646 \u0627\u06cc\u0631\u0627\u0646\u06cc \u062d\u0645\u0627\u06cc\u062a \u0628\u0634\u0647 \u0648\u0644\u06cc \u0646\u062a\u0648\u0646\u0633\u062a\u0645.\u0627\u0632\u06cc\u0646 \u0645\u0631\u062e\u0631\u0641\u062a\u0631 \u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u0647 \u0646\u062f\u06cc\u062f\u0645...\u0627\u0634\u063a\u0627\u0644\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647.\u06a9\u0627\u0634 \u0645\u06cc\u0634\u062f \u0646\u06cc\u0645 \u0633\u062a\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u0628\u062f\u0645", "\u0628\u0631\u0627\u06cc \u0633\u0627\u0632\u0646\u062f\u0647 \u06a9\u0633 \u0645\u063a\u0632 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u06a9\u0647 \u0632\u0645\u0627\u0646 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0648\u0627\u0633\u0634 \u062a\u0639\u0631\u06cc\u0641 \u0646\u06a9\u0631\u062f\u0647 \u0647\u0631 \u06a9\u0633\u06a9\u0634\u06cc \u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u0645\u06cc\u0628\u0627\u0632\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u06a9\u0646\u0647 \u062a\u0627 \u062d\u0631\u06cc\u0641\u0634 \u0628\u06cc\u0627\u062f \u0628\u06cc\u0631\u0648\u0646 \u06a9\u06cc\u0631\u0645 \u062a\u0648 \u06a9\u0633 \u0646\u0646\u062a \u0628\u0627 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc", "\u0633\u0644\u0627\u0645\u060c\u0686\u0647 \u062c\u0648\u0631\u06cc \u0645\u06cc\u0634\u0647 \u0628\u062f\u0648\u0646\u06cc\u0645 \u0686\u0647 \u0627\u0645\u062a\u06cc\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u06af\u0631\u0641\u062a\u06cc\u0645 \u0648 \u06cc\u0627 \u0627\u0633\u0645 \u062e\u0648\u062f\u0645 \u0631\u0627 \u067e\u06cc\u062f\u0627 \u06a9\u0646\u0645 \u0648 \u0627\u06cc\u0646\u06a9\u0647 \u062a\u0646\u0638\u06cc\u0645\u0627\u062a\u0634 \u0686\u06cc\u0632 \u062e\u0627\u0635\u06cc \u0646\u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647\u060c\u0645\u0645\u0646\u0648\u0646\u060c", "\u0645\u0634\u06a9\u0644 \u062f\u0627\u0631\u062f \u062d\u0631\u06cc\u0641\u062a \u0628\u0627 \u0634\u0627\u0647 \u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u0645\u06cc \u0628\u0631\u0647 \u0631\u0641\u06cc\u0642\u062a \u0628\u06cc \u0628\u06cc \u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u0631\u0648 \u0645\u06cc \u0632\u0646\u0647 \u0648 \u0648\u0631\u0642 \u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u0631\u0648 \u0631\u062f \u0645\u06cc \u06a9\u0646\u0647 \u0648 \u062f\u0631 \u0648\u0631\u0642 \u0628\u0639\u062f\u06cc \u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u0646\u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647", "All online players do chit. Come and go with no play. \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc\u06a9\u0646\u200c\u0647\u0627\u06cc \u0622\u0646\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u06cc\u0627 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u06a9\u0646\u0646 \u0648 \u06cc\u0627 \u0648\u0633\u0637\u0634 \u0644\u0641\u062a \u0645\u06cc\u062f\u0646. \u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u0645\u0633\u062e\u0631\u0647 \u0627\u0633\u062a", "\u0627\u062d\u0645\u0642 \u0648 \u062e\u0646\u06af \u062a\u0631\u06cc\u0646 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u062d\u06a9\u0645\u06cc \u06a9\u0647 \u0645\u06cc\u062a\u0648\u0646\u06cc\u0646  \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u06a9\u0646\u06cc\u062f \u0627\u06cc\u0646\u0647 \u060c \u0627\u0646\u062f\u0631\u0648\u06cc\u062f \u0631\u0648 \u0627\u0639\u0635\u0627\u0628 \u0622\u062f\u0645 \u0633\u0645\u0628\u0627\u062f\u0647 \u0645\u06cc\u06a9\u0634\u0647", "\u0627\u0648\u0646\u0627\u06cc\u06cc \u06a9\u0647 \u0641\u062d\u0634 \u0645\u06cc\u062f\u0646 \u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u0628\u06cc \u0641\u0631\u0647\u0646\u06af\u0646... \u062e\u0648\u0634\u062a \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u0627\u062f \u062e\u0628 \u067e\u0627\u06a9 \u06a9\u0646 \u0645\u062c\u0628\u0648\u0631\u06cc \u0646\u0638\u0631\u0628\u062f\u06cc!", "\u0633\u0644\u0627\u0645  \u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u062e\u0648\u0628 \u0646\u0648\u0634\u062a\u0647 \u0634\u062f\u0647 \u0648\u0644\u06cc \u06a9\u0627\u0634 \u0627\u0645\u06a9\u0627\u0646 \u0627\u0646\u062a\u062e\u0627\u0628 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u06a9\u0646\u0646\u062f\u0647 \u0622\u0646\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0631\u0627 \u0647\u0645 \u0645\u06cc\u06af\u0630\u0627\u0634\u062a\u06cc\u062f.", "\u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u0628\u062f \u0627\u0635\u0644\u0627 \u0627\u06cc\u0646\u062c\u0648\u0631\u06cc \u0646\u06cc\u0633\u062a \u0686\u0647 \u0627\u062d\u0645\u0642 \u0627\u0648\u0646\u06cc \u06a9\u0647 \u06af\u0632\u0627\u0634\u062a \u0641\u0631\u0648\u0634\u06af\u0627\u0647 \u062a\u0627\u062f\u0627\u0646 \u0628\u06cc\u0641\u0631\u0647\u0646\u06af", "\u0628\u062e\u062f\u0627 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0628\u062f\u0648\u0646 \u0627\u06cc\u0631\u0627\u062f \u06a9\u0627\u0631 \u0645\u06cc\u06a9\u0646\u0647 .. \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u062f\u0648\u0646\u0645 \u0686\u0631\u0627 \u0639\u062f\u0647 \u0627\u06cc \u0627\u0632 \u0631\u0648\u06cc \u0646\u0627\u062f\u0627\u0646\u06cc \u06cc\u0627\u0634\u0627\u06cc\u062f \u0639\u0634\u0642 \u0628\u0647 \u062a\u062e\u0631\u06cc\u0628 \u062c\u0648\u0627\u0646\u06cc \u0632\u062d\u0645\u062a \u06a9\u0634 ..\u0648 \u0628\u06cc \u063a\u0631\u0636 \u0648 \u0645\u0631\u0636 \u0633\u0639\u06cc \u062f\u0631 \u062a\u0634\u0648\u06cc\u0642 \u0648 \u067e\u0634\u062a \u06af\u0631\u0645\u06cc \u0627\u0632 \u0627\u06cc\u0646\u06af\u0648\u0646\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0641\u0627\u0638 \u0627\u0634\u062a\u0641\u0627\u062f\u0647 \u0645\u06cc\u06a9\u0646\u0646\u062f \u0648 \u062d\u0627\u0644 \u0627\u06af\u0631 \u0627\u06cc\u0631\u0627\u062f\u06cc \u062f\u0627\u0634\u062a \u0648 \u06cc\u0627 \u0628\u0641\u06a9\u0631 \u0627\u0631\u062a\u0642\u0627\u0639 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u06a9\u0647 \u0646\u06cc\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0647\u0645 \u0628\u0646\u062f\u0647 \u0627\u062d\u0633\u0627\u0633 \u0646\u06a9\u0631\u062f\u0645 \u0686\u0631\u0627 \u0628\u0627\u06cc\u062f \u0628\u0647 \u0628\u062f\u062a\u0631\u06cc\u0646 \u0648\u0627\u0698\u06af\u0627\u0646 \u0627\u062f\u0627 \u06af\u0631\u062f\u062f \u06a9\u0647 \u0647\u0632\u0627\u0631\u0627\u0646 \u062a\u0646 \u0645\u06cc\u0628\u06cc\u0646...Full Review", "\u062e\u0627\u06a9 \u062a\u0648 \u0633\u0631\u062a \u0628\u0627 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u0647 \u0686\u0631\u062a\u062a \u0648\u0627\u0642\u0639\u0627 \u062e\u062c\u0627\u0644\u062a \u0646\u0645\u06cc \u06a9\u0634\u06cc \u06af\u0648\u0633\u0641\u0646\u062f\u062f\u062f\u062f\u062f", "\u0631\u0648\u0647\u0645 \u0631\u0641\u062a\u0647 \u0628\u062f \u0646\u06cc\u0633\u062a \u0641\u0642\u0637 \u0628\u0647 \u062a\u0646\u0638\u06cc\u0645\u0627\u062a\u0634 \u062a\u0646\u0648\u0639 \u0628\u06cc\u0634\u062a\u0631\u06cc \u0628\u062f\u06cc\u0646 \u0628\u0647\u062a\u0631\u0647 \u0633\u0631\u0639\u062a \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0648\u063a\u06cc\u0631\u0647\ud83d\udc4d", "\u0627\u0641\u062a\u0636\u0627\u062d\u0647 \u0627\u06cc\u0646\u062c\u0627 \u062c\u0627\u06cc \u0631\u06cc\u062f\u0646 \u0646\u06cc\u0633\u062a \u062f\u0627\u062f\u0627\u0634 \u0628\u0631\u0648 \u062a\u0648 \u0645\u0627\u0631\u06a9\u062a\u0627\u06cc \u0627\u06cc\u0631\u0627\u0646\u06cc \u0628\u0631\u06cc\u0646", "\u0628\u0627 \u0633\u0644\u0627\u0645 \u062d\u0636\u0648\u0631 \u0633\u0627\u0632\u0646\u062f\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0639\u0632\u06cc\u0632\u0645 \u0634\u0645\u0627 \u0645\u062d\u0644 \u0628\u0647 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0686\u0631\u0646\u062f\u06cc\u0627\u062a\u06cc \u06a9\u0647 \u0645\u06cc\u200c\u0646\u0648\u06cc\u0633\u0646\u062f \u0646\u0630\u0627\u0631 \u0645\u0646 \u062d\u062f\u0648\u062f \u062f\u0647\u060c\u067e\u0648\u0646\u0632\u062f\u0647 \u062a\u0627 \u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u06af\u0631\u0641\u062a\u0645 \u0648\u067e\u0627\u06a9 \u06a9\u0631\u062f\u0645 \u06a9\u0647 \u0628\u0639\u0636\u06cc \u0647\u0627\u0634 \u0627\u0632 \u0634\u0631\u06a9\u062a \u0647\u0627\u06cc\u06cc \u0628\u0648\u062f\u0647 \u06a9\u0647 \u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u0627\u062f\u0639\u0627 \u0634\u0648\u0646 \u0645\u06cc\u0634\u0647\u060c\u062f\u0644\u0633\u0631\u062f \u0646\u0634\u0648 \u0645\u0646 \u0645\u0634\u06a9\u0644\u06cc \u062f\u0631 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0646\u062f\u06cc\u062f\u0645 \u062d\u0627\u0644\u0627 \u0627\u0648\u0646\u0627\u06cc\u06cc\u06a9\u0647 \u0645\u06cc\u06af\u0646 \u062e\u0631\u0627\u0628\u0647 \u0641\u06a9\u0631 \u06a9\u0646\u0645 \u0628\u0627 \u06cc\u0647 \u06af\u0648\u0634\u06cc \u0622\u0634\u063a\u0627\u0644 \u0645\u06cc \u062e\u0648\u0627\u0646 \u0647\u0645\u0647 \u0646\u0648\u0639 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0628\u06af\u06cc\u0631\u0646 \u0648\u062f\u0631 \u0636\u0645\u0646 \u06cc\u0647 \u06a9\u0645\u06cc (\u0647\u0645\u06a9\u0634...Full Review", "\u0686\u0646\u062f \u0631\u0648\u0632\u0647 \u062d\u0631\u06cc\u0641 \u0622\u0646 \u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u067e\u06cc\u062f\u0627 \u0646\u0645\u06cc \u06a9\u0646\u0647 \u0631\u0648\u062d\u0647 \u0647\u0645\u0634 \u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u0645\u06cc\u0686\u0631\u062e\u0647 \u0645\u0634\u06a9\u0644 \u0686\u06cc\u0647\u061f", "\u06a9\u06cc\u0631\u0645 \u06a9\u0648\u0633 \u0646\u0627\u0645\u0648\u0633\u062a \u0628\u06cc\u0646\u0627\u0645\u0648\u0633 \u062f\u0632\u062f \u06a9\u0648\u0646\u06cc \u0628\u0627\u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u0647 \u0639\u0646\u062a \u0647\u0645\u0634 \u0627\u0634\u062a\u0628\u0627\u0647 \u0647\u0645\u0634 \u0627\u0634\u062a\u0628\u0627\u0647", "very nice, well done. Thanks!", "Hi friends im from iran but i cant speak persian and this name is my fake \nname i like this game and i hope you injoyed it", "\u0628\u0631\u0627\u06cc\u0630\u0633\u0631\u06af\u0631\u0645\u06cc \u0648 \u062a\u0642\u0648\u06cc\u062a \u062d\u0627\u0641\u0638\u0647 \u0648 \u0647\u0648\u0634 \u0645\u0641\u06cc\u062f \u0627\u0633\u062a \u0648\u0644\u06cc \u0642\u0645\u0627\u0631 \u062c\u0627\u06cc\u0632 \u0646\u06cc\u0633\u062a\u0648 \u062d\u0631\u0627\u0645 \u0645\u06cc\u0628\u0627\u0634\u062f", "\u0628\u062f \u0646\u06cc\u0633\u062a. \u0645\u062b\u0644 \u0628\u0642\u06cc\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0647\u0627 \u0645\u0634\u0627\u0628\u0647.\u0647\u0645\u0647 \u0634\u0628\u06cc\u0647 \u0647\u0645.", "\u0646\u0645\u06cc\u0634\u0647 \u0622\u0646\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u06a9\u0631\u062f \u0645\u0646 \u0645\u06cc\u0631\u0645 \u0627\u0646 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u06a9\u0646\u0645 \u0631\u0648\u062d\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0644\u0627\u067e\u0627\u06cc\u06cc\u0646 \u0645\u06cc\u0634\u0647 \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u0631\u0647 \u062a\u0648 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc", "\u0628\u0627\u0631\u06cc \u062e\u0648\u0628\u06cc\u0647. \u0627\u06af\u0631 \u062f\u0631 \u0627\u0646\u062f\u0627\u062e\u062a\u0646 \u06a9\u0627\u0631\u062a \u062f\u0642\u062a \u0646\u06a9\u0646\u06cc\u0646 \u0645\u0645\u06a9\u0646\u0647 \u0628\u063a\u0644\u06cc \u0628\u06cc\u0627\u062f \u067e\u0627\u06cc\u06cc\u0646. \u0647\u0648\u0634 \n\u0645\u0635\u0646\u0648\u0639\u06cc\u0634 \u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u0642\u0648\u06cc \u0646\u06cc\u0633\u062a \u0627\u0645\u0627 \u0627\u0641\u0631\u0627\u062f \u0631\u0646\u062f\u0645 \u0627\u0646\u062a\u062e\u0627\u0628 \u0645\u06cc\u0634\u0646\u060c \u0628\u0639\u0636\u06cc\u0627 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc\u0634\u0648\u0646 \u062e\u0648\u0628\u0647\u060c \u0628\u0639\u0636\u06cc\u0627 \n\u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u062e\u0644\u0646. \u062f\u0631 \u0645\u0648\u0631\u062f \u062a\u0639\u062f\u0627\u062f \u06a9\u0627\u0631\u062a \u0647\u0645 \u0631\u0646\u062f\u0645\u0647. \u0645\u0645\u06a9\u0646\u0647 \u062a\u0648\u06cc \u06cc\u06a9\u062f\u0633\u062a \u06f9\u062a\u0627 \u062e\u0627\u0644 \u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u06af\u06cc\u0631\u062a\u0648\u0646 \n\u0628\u06cc\u0627\u062f \u0645\u0645\u06a9\u0646\u0647 \u06cc\u06a9\u06cc \u0647\u0645 \u06af\u06cc\u0631 \u0646\u06cc\u0627\u062f. \u0645\u0645\u06a9\u0646\u0647 \u0627\u0632 \u06cc\u0647 \u062e\u0627\u0644 \u063a\u06cc\u0631\u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u06f1\u06f0\u062a\u0627 \u062f\u0627\u0634\u062a\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0634\u06cc\u0646 \u06cc\u0627 \u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \n\u0645...Full Review", "\u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0636\u0639\u06cc\u0641 \u0648 \u0641\u0648\u0642 \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0627\u062f\u0647 \u067e\u0631 \u0627\u0634\u062a\u0628\u0627\u0647 \u0627\u0646\u06af\u0627\u0631 \u0633\u0627\u0632\u0646\u062f\u0647 \u062a\u0648\u06cc \u0639\u0645\u0631\u0634 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0646\u06a9\u0631\u062f\u0647", "\u0645\u0645\u0646\u0648\u0646 \u0627\u0645\u0627 \u0646\u06cc\u0627\u0632 \u0628\u0647 \u06a9\u0627\u0631 \u0628\u06cc\u0634\u062a\u0631\u06cc \u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647", "\u0628\u062f\u0631\u062f \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u062e\u0648\u0631\u062f\u0647 \u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u0645\u0633\u062e\u0631\u0647 \u0648 \u067e\u064f\u0631 \u0627\u0634\u062a\u0628\u0627\u0647", "\u0627\u0646\u062a\u0638\u0627\u0631 \u0628\u06cc\u0634\u062a\u0631\u06cc \u062f\u0627\u0634\u062a\u0645 \u0648\u0644\u06cc \u062e\u0628 \u0627\u0646\u0633\u0627\u0646 \u06a9 \u0646\u06cc\u0633\u062a\u0646\u062f", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc \u0641\u0642\u0637 \u06cc\u0647 \u0630\u0631\u0647 \u0633\u0631\u0639\u062a \u0622\u0646\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646\u06cc \u067e\u0627\u06cc\u06cc\u0646\u0647", "\u0686\u0631\u0627 \u062d\u06cc\u0646 \u0634\u0631\u0648\u0639 \u0634\u062f\u0646 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0646\u0627\u06af\u0647\u0627\u0646 \u0627\u0632\u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u062e\u0627\u0631\u062c \u0645\u06cc\u0634\u0647 \u061f\u061f\u061f\u061f\u061f\u061f", "\u0645\u0634\u06a9\u0644\u0627\u062a \u0632\u06cc\u0627\u062f\u06cc \u062f\u0627\u0631\u062f \u06a9\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u06cc\u062f \u0627\u0635\u0644\u0627\u062d \u0628\u0634\u0648\u062f", "\u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u0628\u062f\u0647 \u06cc\u0627\u0631\u0648 \u0632\u0627\u0631\u062a \u0648\u0633\u0637 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u062a\u06a9 \u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u0645\u06cc\u0646\u062f\u0627\u0632\u0647", "\u0647\u0648\u0634 \u0645\u0635\u0646\u0648\u0647\u06cc\u0634 \u062f\u0627\u063a\u0648\u0646\u0647 \u062a\u06a9 \u0627\u062f\u0645\u0648 \u062f\u0633\u062a \u0627\u0648\u0644 \u0645\u06cc \u0628\u0631\u0647", "\u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0686\u0631\u0627 \u0642\u0633\u0645\u062a \u0627\u0646\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646\u0634 \u0627\u0635\u0646 \u0644\u0648\u062f \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u0634\u0647", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc\u0647 \u062d\u0631\u0641 \u0646\u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u0645\u0631\u0633\u06cc", "\u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u0645\u0645\u0646\u0648\u0646 \u0627\u0632 \u0634\u0645\u0627 \u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc \u0628\u0648\u062f", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc \u0628\u0648\u062f \u062e\u0633\u062a\u0647 \u0646\u0628\u0627\u0634\u06cc\u062f \u062f\u0648\u0633\u062a\u0627\u0646 \u0639\u0632\u06cc\u0632", "\u0628\u0627\u06af \u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u0627\u0632 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0645\u06cc\u0627\u062f \u0628\u06cc\u0631\u0648\u0646", "\u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u0633\u0627\u062f\u0647 \u0648 \u06a9\u0646\u062f", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc \u0648\u0627\u0642\u0639\u0627 \u0641\u0648\u0642 \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0627\u062f\u0647 \u0627\u0633\u062a", "\u0645\u0632\u062e\u0631\u0641\u0647 \u0627\u0632 \u0647\u0648\u0634 \u0645\u0635\u0646\u0648\u0639\u06cc \u067e\u0627\u06cc\u06cc\u0646\u06cc \u0628\u0631\u062e\u0648\u0631\u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647...", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc \u0646\u06cc\u0633 \u0648\u0644\u06cc \u062e\u0648\u0628\u0647", "\u067e\u06cc\u0634\u0646\u0647\u0627\u062f \u0645\u06cc\u06a9\u0646\u0645 \u0646\u0635\u0628 \u0646\u06a9\u0646\u06cc\u062f", "\u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0628\u0647\u062a\u0631\u06cc\u0646 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc\u0647 &lt;3", "\u06a9\u0627\u0631\u062a \u0647\u0627 \u0627\u0635\u0644\u0627 \u0628\u0631 \u0646\u0645\u06cc \u062e\u0648\u0631\u0647\u2066=_=\u2069", "\u0628\u062f \u0646\u06cc\u0633\u062a", "\u0633\u0644\u0627\u0645 \u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u0622\u0644\u06cc", "\u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u062e\u0648\u0628\u0647 \u0645\u0631\u0633\u06cc", "\u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u0622\u0634\u063a\u0627\u0644\u0647", "\u0633\u0631\u0639\u062a\u0634 \u0627\u0641\u062a\u0636\u0627\u062d\u0647", "\u0627\u0641\u062a\u0636\u0627\u062d \u0628\u0648\u062f", "\u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u0645\u0633\u062e\u0631\u0633", "\u062a\u0628\u0644\u06cc\u063a\u0627\u062a \u0644\u0639\u0646\u062a\u06cc", "\u0645\u0634\u06a9\u0644 \u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647", "\u062f\u0627\u0646\u0644\u0648\u062f \u0646\u06a9\u0646\u06cc\u062f", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc", "It is funny", "\u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u062e\u0648\u0628\u0647", "\u06cc\u0645 \u06cc\u0648\u062e\u062f\u06cc", "\u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0628\u0627\u062d\u0627\u0644\u06cc\u0647", "\u0628\u062f \u0646\u06cc", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc \u0628\u0648\u062f", "\u062c\u0627\u0644\u0628 \u0646\u06cc\u0633\u062a", "\u062e\u0648\u0628\u0647", "\u062a\u062e\u0645\u06cc", "\u0627\u0647", "Ok", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc\u0647", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc\u0647", "Tnx", "\u0622\u0634\u0634\u0634\u0634\u063a\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0644", "\u062e\u0648\u0628", "\u0627\u0641\u062a\u0636\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627\u062d", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc\u0647", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc\u0647", "\u0628\u062f \u0628\u062f \u0628\u062f", "i like it", "\u0639\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0644\u06cc", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc\u0647", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc", "\u0627\u0641\u062a\u0636\u0627\u062d\u0647", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc", "Ok", "Adnan", "It,a good", "\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "\u06af\u0644\u0634\u0647 \u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764", "Loved", "Dynamics are great", "Perfect \ud83d\udc4c", "\u0686\u06cc \u0628\u06af\u0645 .........\u061f!", "Perfect", "\u0628\u0631\u0627\u06cc \u06cc \u0646\u0633\u062e\u0647 \u0642\u062f\u06cc\u0645\u06cc \u062a\u0631", "\u062f\u0627\u063a\u0648\u0646", "\u06cc\u06a9\u06cc \u0646\u06cc\u0633 \u0628\u06af\u0647 \u062a\u0648 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0645\u06cc\u0633\u0627\u0632\u06cc  \u0686\u06cc\u06a9\u0627\u0631 \u0628 \u0641\u0627\u06cc\u0644 \u0639\u06a9\u0633 \u0645\u062e\u0627\u0637\u0628 \u062f\u0627\u0631\u06cc \u0627\u062e\u0647", "\u0686\u0631\u0627 \u06a9\u0633\u06cc \u0646\u06cc\u0633\u062a \u0648\u0627\u0633 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc\u061f!!!", "Ali", "\u0627\u0646\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u06a9\u0631\u062f\u0646\u0634 \u062f\u0631\u0648\u063a\u0647 \u0645\u0646 \u062f\u0631 \u062d\u06cc\u0646 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u06a9\u0631\u062f\u0646 \u0627\u0646\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0646\u062a\u0645\u0648 \u0642\u0637 \u06a9\u0631\u062f\u0645 \u0627\u0645\u0627 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0642\u0637\u0639 \u0646\u0634\u062f \u0648 \u0627\u0635\u0644\u0627 \u0645\u0639\u0644\u0648\u0645\u0627 \u0647\u0645\u0647 \u0627\u0633\u0645\u0627 \u062a\u06a9\u0631\u0627\u0631\u06cc \u0645\u06cc\u0627\u062f \u0648 \u0647\u0645\u0634 \u0627\u0633\u0645\u0647 \u062f\u062e\u062a\u0631 \u060c\u06a9\u06cc\u0631\u0645 \u062f\u0647\u0646\u062a\u0648\u0646 .", "\u062e\u062f\u0627\u06cc\u06cc \u0686\u0642\u062f \u0628\u06cc \u0645\u0639\u0631\u0641\u062a\u0646 \u0645\u0631\u062f\u0645 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0628\u0646\u062f\u0647 \u062e\u062f\u0627 \u0632\u062d\u0645\u062a \u06a9\u0634\u06cc\u062f\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0633\u0627\u062e\u062a\u0647 \u0645\u062c\u0627\u0646\u06cc \u06af\u0630\u0627\u0634\u062a\u0647 \u062e\u0648\u0634\u062a \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u0627\u062f \u062e\u0628 \u062d\u0630\u0641\u0634 \u06a9\u0646 \u0686\u0631\u0627 \u0641\u0648\u0634 \u0647\u0627\u06cc\u06cc \u06a9\u0647 \u0644\u06cc\u0627\u0642\u062a \u062e\u0648\u062f\u062a\u0647 \u0628\u0647\u0634 \u0645\u06cc\u062f\u06cc \u0622\u062e\u0647 \u062e\u062c\u0627\u0644\u062a \u0622\u0648\u0631\u0647", "\u062a\u0648 \u0622\u067e\u062f\u06cc\u062a \u062c\u062f\u06cc\u062f\u0634 \u0627\u062f \u06af\u0630\u0627\u0634\u062a\u0647 \u06a9\u0647 \u062a\u0648\u06cc \u06a9\u0627\u0631 \u0628\u0627\u0642\u06cc \u0627\u067e\u0644\u06cc\u06a9\u06cc\u0634\u0646 \u0647\u0627 \u0647\u0645 \u062e\u0644\u0644 \u0627\u06cc\u062c\u0627\u062f \u0645\u06cc\u06a9\u0646\u0647 \u0648 \u0645\u062b\u0644\u0627 \u06cc\u0647 \u062f\u0641\u0639\u0647 \u0648\u0633\u0637 \u06af\u0648\u06af\u0644 \u0645\u067e \u0627\u062f \u0645\u06cc\u0627\u062f \u0628\u0627\u0644\u0627 \u0648 \u0645\u062c\u0628\u0648\u0631\u06cc \u0628\u0628\u0646\u062f\u06cc\u0634 \u062a\u0627 \u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u0647 \u06a9\u0627\u0631 \u06a9\u0646\u0647 \u067e\u0627\u06a9\u0634 \u06a9\u0646\u06cc\u062f \u0645\u0646 \u06a9\u0647 \u0644\u063a\u0648 \u06a9\u0631\u062f\u0645", "Its not good its fake the group is aposit of you is very awfull and pls release your game with better mine and not fake games", "\u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u06a9\u0647 \u0647\u0645\u0634 \u0628\u0627\u06af.\u062a\u0648\u06cc \u06f2\u06f0 \u062a\u0627 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u06a9\u0647 \u06a9\u0631\u062f\u0645 \u0641\u0642\u0637 \u062a\u0648\u0646\u0633\u062a\u0645 \u062f\u0648 \u062f\u0633\u062a \u0628\u06af\u06cc\u0631\u0645.\u0627\u0646\u06af\u0627\u0631 \u0627\u0632 \u06a9\u0627\u0631\u062a \u0647\u0627\u06cc \u0647\u0645 \u062e\u0628\u0631 \u062f\u0627\u0631\u0646.\u0628\u0647 \u0647\u06cc\u0686 \u0639\u0646\u0648\u0627\u0646 \u0628\u0631\u06af \u0633\u0631 \u0628\u0631\u0627\u062a \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u0627\u062f \u0648 \u0647\u0631\u0628\u0627\u0631 \u062d\u0627\u06a9\u0645 \u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u0645\u06cc\u06a9\u0646\u0647 \u0628\u06cc\u0634\u062a\u0631 \u0627\u0632 \u06f3 \u0628\u0631\u06af \u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u0628\u0631\u0627\u062a \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u0627\u062f.\u0627\u0635\u0644\u0627 \u062e\u0648\u0634\u0645 \u0646\u06cc\u0648\u0645\u062f \u0627\u0632\u0634.\u062d\u06cc\u0641 \u0648\u0642\u062a", "\u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc \u0648 \u0642\u0634\u0646\u06af\u06cc \u0647\u0633\u062a \u062f\u0648\u0633\u062a \u062f\u0627\u0631\u0645 \u0627\u067e\u062f\u06cc\u062a \u062c\u062f\u06cc\u062f \u0627\u0634 \u0627\u0632 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0647\u0645 \u06a9\u0631\u062f\u0647 \u0632\u06cc\u0628\u0627 \u0628\u0627\u0634\u062f \u062a\u0634\u06a9\u0631 Digital Software Group", "\u0628\u0627 \u0633\u0644\u0627\u0645 \u0648 \u0639\u0631\u0636 \u062e\u0633\u062a\u0647 \u0646\u0628\u0627\u0634\u06cc\u062f \u062e\u062f\u0645\u062a \u0633\u0627\u0632\u0646\u062f\u0647 \u06cc \u0639\u0632\u06cc\u0632 . \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0627\u06cc \u06a9\u0647 \u0633\u0627\u062e\u062a\u06cc \u062c\u0630\u0627\u0628 \u0646\u06cc\u0633\u062a \u0648 \u0628\u0647 \u062e\u0627\u0637\u0631 \u0628\u0627\u06af \u0647\u0627\u06cc \u0632\u06cc\u0627\u062f\u06cc \u06a9\u0647 \u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u0645\u062e\u0627\u0637\u0628\u0648 \u0628\u06cc\u0634\u062a\u0631 \u062f\u0641\u0639 \u0645\u06cc\u06a9\u0646\u0647 \u062a\u0627 \u062c\u0630\u0628.\u0628\u06cc\u0634\u062a\u0631 \u062a\u0644\u0627\u0634 \u06a9\u0646 \u062f\u0648\u0633\u062a \u0639\u0632\u06cc\u0632.\u0622\u06cc\u0646\u062f\u0647 \u0631\u0648 \u0627\u0645\u062b\u0627\u0644 \u062a\u0648 \u0645\u06cc\u0633\u0627\u0632\u0646 \u0646\u0647 \u0627\u0648\u0646\u0627 \u06a9\u0647 \u0628\u0647\u062a \u0641\u062d\u0634 \u0645\u06cc\u062f\u0646.\u06cc\u0627 \u0639\u0644\u06cc", "Barname idanie dg, chizi k too app ,o game irani pore buge, ama sargarm,konandast vli behtarin bazi hokm \u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u0622\u0646\u0644\u0627\u06cc\u0646\u0647", "\u0647\u0631 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0632\u06cc\u0631 50\u0645\u06af \u0628\u0648\u062f \u0628\u062f\u0648\u0646\u06cc\u062f \u0628\u0647 \u062f\u0631\u062f \u0627\u0628\u0645 \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u062e\u0648\u0631\u0647 \u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u0647 \u0647\u0645 \u0632\u06cc\u063170\u062f\u0627\u0646 \u06a9\u0646\u06cc\u062f \u0628\u0627\u0644\u0627\u06cc10", "\u0628\u0647\u062a\u0631\u0647 \u06a9\u0647 \u0628\u0631\u0627\u06cc \u0627\u0639\u0636\u0627\u06cc \u063a\u06cc\u0631 \u0648\u06cc\u0698\u0647 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0627\u067e\u0634\u0646 \u0628\u0627\u0634\u0647 \u06a9\u0647 \u062f\u0631 \u0635\u0648\u0631\u062a \u0646\u0628\u0627\u062e\u062a\u0646 \u0628\u062a\u0648\u0646\u0646 \u0627\u0632 \u0633\u0631\u0648\u06cc\u0633 \n\u0631\u0627\u06cc\u06af\u0627\u0646 \u0627\u0633\u062a\u0641\u0627\u062f\u0647 \u06a9\u0646\u0646", "\u0627\u062e\u0647 \u062d\u0645\u0627\u0644 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u06cc\u0627 \u0645\u0644\u062a \u0633\u0631. \u06a9\u0627\u0631 \u06af\u0630\u0627\u0634\u062a\u0646.  \u0627\u0644\u0627\u063a \u0686\u0631\u0627 \u0627\u0628\u0631\u0648 \u0645\u06cc\u0628\u0631\u06cc. \u0628\u0631\u0648 \u0645\u0646\u0686 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u06a9\u0646 \u062c\u063a\u0648\u0644.", "\u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc\u0647 ! \u0639\u06cc\u0628\u0647\u0627\u06cc \u062c\u0632\u0626\u06cc \u0631\u0627 \u0631\u0641\u0639 \u06a9\u0646\u06cc\u062f ! \u0645\u0645\u0646\u0648\u0646 \u0627\u0632 \u0647\u0645\u06cc\u0627\u0631\u06cc \u0634\u0645\u0627 \u0639\u0632\u06cc\u0632\u0627\u0646", "\u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u0631\u0648 \u062e\u0648\u0628 \u067e\u062e\u0634 \u0645\u06cc\u06a9\u0646\u0647 \u0627\u0645\u0627 \u06cc\u0627\u0631 \u0628\u0647 \u0634\u062f\u062a \u0636\u0639\u06cc\u0641 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0645\u06cc\u06a9\u0646\u0647! \u0627\u0646\u06af\u0627\u0631 \u062a\u0627\u0632\u0647 \u06cc\u0627\u0631\u062a \u062d\u06a9\u0645 \u06cc\u0627\u062f \u06af\u0631\u0641\u062a\u0647!", "\u0633\u0644\u0627\u0645 \u0686\u06cc \u0628\u06af\u0645 \u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc\u0647 \u0641\u0642\u0637 \u062f\u0627\u0646 \u06a9\u0646\u06cc\u062f \u0639\u06cc\u0628\u06cc \u0646\u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647", "\u0631\u064a\u062f\u0645 \u062f\u0647\u0646\u062a \u0628\u0627 \u0627\u064a\u0646 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u0649 \u0643\u0647 \u0633\u0627\u062e\u062a\u0649\u060c \u064a\u0627\u0631 \u0645\u0646 \u0643\u0635\u062e\u0648\u0644\u0647 \u0627\u0648\u0646 \u062f\u0648\u062a\u0627 \u062d\u0631\u0641\u0647 \u0627\u0649", "\u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0645\u0634\u06a9\u0644 \u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647\u060c \u06a9\u0627\u0631\u062a \u0647\u0627\u0645 \u0631\u0648 \u0646\u0645\u0627\u06cc\u0634 \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u200c\u062f\u0647 \u0628\u0647 \u0634\u06a9\u0644 \u062f\u0631\u0633\u062a\u060c \u0641\u0642\u0637 \u06cc\u06a9 \u06a9\u0627\u0631\u062a \u0631\u0648 \u0646\u0645\u0627\u06cc\u0634 \u0645\u06cc\u062f\u0647!", "\u06cc\u0627\u0631\u062a \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0628\u0644\u062f \u0646\u06cc\u0633\u062a \u0627\u0635\u0646 \u0634\u0627\u0647 \u062a\u0648\u0631\u0648 \u0628\u0627 \u0627\u0633 \u0645\u06cc\u0628\u0631\u0647", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc \u0627\u0633\u062a \u0648\u0644\u06cc \u06a9\u0627\u0634 \u062d\u0631\u06cc\u0641\u0627\u0646 \u067e\u06cc\u0634\u0641\u0631\u0636 \u0642\u0648\u06cc\u062a\u0631 \u0628\u0648\u062f\u0646\u062f"], "Escape game : 50 rooms 1": ["Like this game,but some clues dont work,if you dont fallow each step but go straight to the answer. Logic sometimes is very hard to fallow because I see none,sorry guys! Also mini games used for the game are mostly clear,but some are very strange and you dont have clue what they want us to do? I wou...Full Review", "It a good game straightforward mostly and simple. yet still gets the brain engaged. However i get to room 24 and i get to the number pad and it dosnt work it either the freezers or simply doesn't work when you put in the correct number.(yes it is correct got the answer). So I can no longer play it. ...Full Review", "good graphics and general idea. many objects are ao small they are not visible, even when they are supposed to be. some levels have errors and even when correct code is inputed it doesnt open what it should. objects that are available in room (not behind secured areas) should be avilable to collect ...Full Review", "Still in Alpha testing. Lot's of bugs left. Room 43 puzzle breaks and moves off to the left side. 37 backseat. Also watching ads doesn't give hints. Some clues in rooms even a really smart human would never figure out without hints and too many dark areas you can't see the clues in. Need to be able ...Full Review", "ok, but some games are easy to work out, but even if you complete them, they don't work unless you have clicked on the clue already! Some answers make no sense either and you have to use a hint, and the logic behind the answer is bizarre! Games seem repetitive as well. Also cancel is spelt cancel an...Full Review", "stuck on room 31 because the game doesnt work at all now. The puzzles are ok but some don't work. I had same answers several times denied, restart phone & puzzle answers worked. Combining items often doesn't work. The massive amount of adverts is intrusive and annoying (even the first screen when op...Full Review", "Stuck on level 27.trying to combine the stick and the hook and it's not doing it. I know I need it to get the hanging wire... This needs to be fixed. I'm not too proud to say I've spent money on tips, if you want more of my money, fix it . At this point I can't continue", "glitch in game on lvl 11. won't let me combine pieces to build pliers. used hints to see if I was missing something but it was telling me to do what I had been doing. so disappointed that I cant continue", "Really, i like this game but got stuck on level 43 bcuz that annoying cat puzzle. i did it correctly but the next hint wont come out.. i'm forever stuck on that puzzle and im gonna uninstall it. bye.", "I like it... Except for the items you obtain don't have any description and you have to guess what they are. for instance the first scenario had a cord that you plug in and up until I hit the hint, I did not know what in the world that was. in a real escape room you would know that was a cord for pl...Full Review", "Good game. Tough challenges. Gets you to use your head for many of the puzzles. Two stars off due to lack of saving your progress on rooms and puzzles you have partially completed. If you leave the game, your progress in the room starts over. Also, some items you find to use, have no explanation or ...Full Review", "I've liked the game so far. Level 14 won't click on the items I need to move forward. I need to put a drive in a laptop but nothing happens when I click said laptop. Same with the code pad where I'll need to input a code. I don't know if its numbers, letters, colors, or pictures because I can't clic...Full Review", "A LOT of adds and if you try to get a hint dont waste your time. you will see even more adds but don't get the hint even though you can win 1, 2, or 3 hints. i did get 1 hint. fun but sucks too.", "Was enjoying the game until i got to level 9 and kept trying to put the 4 digit code. i even looked it up online to see what i was doing wrong and turns out i was doing it correctly. the game is just not working correctly. woud love to continue to play, but will not be able to unless it gets fixed.", "I would give it at least a 4-star rating if after every time I needed a Hint it didn't spin to an ad for the last probably 30 times. other than that, it's a good concept and it's for the most part, well-executed.", "No idea what you're doing just tap and something will happen eventually. You dont even know what the items u have in the inventory are because there's no name anywhere. just various shapes of weird items that u have to guess what they are and not actually think about what to do with them. like I sai...Full Review", "fun to play but when you ask for a hint it doesn't actually help if you are in an area already. it just tells you to move back to viewing the room and then you waste a hint. and the only way to get hints is by buying them when you run out.", "its ok. Technical difficulties and sloppy design make it more about overcoming those problems than the actual puzzles. Puzzles are extremely easy though. Miss this one, the Cube escape games are vastly superior.", "Doesn't let you click and explore all areas except relevant areas, and can only explore certain areas after unlocking certain clues. no real explanation, but it is a fun game. Also need more opportunities to win hints.", "It's really good but I don't like the sound when you click something, it's barely tolerable. Also the author misspelled the word \"cancel\" in the box that asks you to rate the game. Overall really good game, though.", "A great game indeed, difficulty level is fair and so much challenging. It need total concentration and effort to win these challenges. Take it as a brain exercise nd test how u tackle difficult situations.", "Used every hint on first room. Wanted music off but not sound fx but appears it's all or nothing. Gave up and uninstalled.", "clever, addictive. just 2 things, for written hints, english would be helpful and if you get through a room or two or three, without using a hint, you should earn a free hint. otherwise. i'm enjoying myself.", "awesome very cool very interesting Subho I love this game and so cool and this is a very easy to play and failure heart very easy you have to do something if you just said something here to find sayings and have you have to wear it that has and have enough to combine combine and then we have to find...Full Review", "I like the game, it's very addicting and a good brain teaser but I'm stuck on level 40, I know I have the correct combination for the bells cause I used a hint on it after I tried to figure it out myself (which I wasted the hint cause I was right the whole time) and it won't let me play the combinat...Full Review", "meh. not the worst game. its basic yet ok. I cant make games so it's better than anything i could do", "I really like this type of game. This one, I just recently started but I do like the thought out steps. The only one thing is that some of the items, boxes, etc are hard to see.", "It's a great game. Quite queer in some ways, but nonetheless awesome. However, I'm stuck at door 14 because for some reason I can't seem to figure out the code to open the lappy. I swear, I literally tried all the ways I can think of, but so far none worked. Maybe, I'm just not smart for it though! ...Full Review", "Not a very intuitive game. The design and gameplay needs more improvement. But I still play it anyway.", "Was fun until I reached level 16 and was unable to get the key to open the drawer. I had to use my last clue to make sure what I was trying to do was right. Oh well! Guess I am done playing now which sucks because I was enjoying it.", "was enjoying until room 50. some eady rooms. some very cryptic ones. in room 50 the puzzle game on the door doesn't work. says \"play this game\" but I've tried everything i can think of any nothing moves.", "level 24 keeps messing up for me when I put in the numbers on the safe. It won't let me clear it and when I put the correct ones in, it does nothing. And yes, I do have the correct code in.", "It's an \"okay\" game. If you needing to waste time... well, this will do. Rating only with one star because there are way too many ads; and when stuck, using a Hint is pretty much useless.", "Nyc game...... Use ur mind....... Well also eyes....... We must be very alert \u26a0 but the game is total fun.... At first it is not very nyc but afterwards it seems sooo fun 2 paly it....... \u2764\ufe0f", "game was good until you run out of hints. the game won't let you play without 3 hints witch is really hard to get. the game was good in the beginning but now sucks....", "Love this game. Challenging, but just enough hints to help. and you can get extra hints by watching ads. 4 stars because, when asked to rate the game, you misspelled \"cancel.\"", "Only rating this because they wont stop asking after every level.. Gave it a 1 star because the \"rate game\" prompt spelled cancel \"cancle\".. If you cant spell a word right that you put in a spam prompt, you dont deserve any other stars..", "was a fun game and would still be if i knew Chinese!! I have no idea what this clue box is saying and I'm stuck with no where to go!!", "Some of the rooms are really gross and it makes me want to barf. It's good but what if some kids want to play? FIX IT.\ud83e\udd22", "Great little game with levels across a range of difficulties. Usual ads between levels but you can skip these after a few seconds. The only negative note was that the position and size of the hint button meant I kept accidently hitting it whilst playing!", "couldnt get past the first level - had the knob dials turned the correct way and ni matter what i did it would not register. got annoyed and fed up.", "Nice game. Bit frustrating that my progress in the room is not saved and whenever I resume the game need to start from scratch.", "incredibly boring, graphics are horrible. Dont waste your time.", "the game is nice but everytime it reloads the current stage when we mistakenly click on menu or other options. it's really irritating when level requires much effort.", "interesting game but then I think it was a second or third level I couldn't figure out the numbers on the painting because the clock face was too obscured and the the Roman numeral IX is 9. IV is 4", "Interesting and diverting. However, got stuck at 43 and cannot get past.", "can't get ANY! after about four it kept telling me I had used my three clues up? some rooms, in fact many rooms I never used a clue? This could be a glitch in upgrading or through the Google Play Store? Im using an Android 7.1 over Wifi connection and the only problem is the size of my screen, top c...Full Review", "pretty much the same puzzle multiplied by fifty. if you played one room - you played all of them. not very user friendly, but can be quite meditative.", "Was actually having fun with this game till about half ways through on one of the rooms it kept freezing. Managed to put in the correct code and the door never opened and the hint agreed it was the right code. Couldn't edit the code either afterwards. Room/level 24", "every time i select something an add pops up. i dont mind one add per room but damn. pretty sure this is getting uninstalled.", "I'm on level 22 and have been given a mini game that makes no sense. When I ask for a hint, an info box in Chinese comes up. I can't read Chinese. I can't get out of this room. won't be playing anymore", "Great addictive game, but stuck on room 25. the clues say one thing yet it doesnt work.. help!", "its a fun and addictung game, however i am now stuck on level 9 because the code (which i know is correct) will NOT work! Ive tried shutting down the app, and restarting it, but it still wont work. Im a bit disappointed as I will have choice but to uninstall the game, because I cant get passed level...Full Review", "There's a major bug (cat puzzle). Even though you solved it it won't let progress. Just uninstall it youll just be annoyed after reaching that far.", "The game stopped after level 37. Even though i solved the puzzle in level 37 the game wouldn't go on. I got completely stuck . Untill level 37 it was a great fun mind challenging game but just this flaw made me lose my interest \ud83d\ude15 Im looking for another game now that is a tad bit more tricky and doe...Full Review", "I really like room escape games; this one is no exception. The graphics and colors are excellent. And, for me, it's JUST challenging enough. :') But , sometimes, I sure would like slightly more detailed hints. And when you click on a piece in inventory, a name would be nice - or the option to enlarg...Full Review", "i told you room 33 is giving me a hard time and you aren't doing anything,is either you rectify the problem for me or you open room 34 for me,am very angry n tired alrdy.\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude2b", "i would give it 5 stars but the annoying threats about viruses and other ads make it less than enjoyable. i will get tired of it soon.", "False advertising. Game looks nothing like the adverts.", "The only thing irritating about the game is that the hints are not relative to where you are in the solution of the game. The hints tend to go back to areas that have already been solved thus I end up losing a hint.", "kicks me out ALL the time and wont let me play JUST UPDATED AND STILL DOES IT so idk how you can bug fixed", "nice game, but the ads are really annoying. they pop up just when you are about to tap something, thus tapping the ad....", "so far so good. not too hard only on the 6th room, may give update once I have played more than 30 minutes...", "love it me and my sexy ass wife play it together and get so turned on by the mistresses that we start stripping each other down until we both are buck naked making love on a blanket next to a hot fire drinking wine until we both explode from the thought of the passion we both experienced playing thi...Full Review", "Find objects to get a door key. Hard enough to be a good challenge but also fun. Not as easy as it sounds like.", "Great attention to detail. If you open something, then back out it'll look open (the microwave door as an example), whereas other games might have it look closed in the room-view, but be open when you go back even though it looks closed.", "its a great game, however, there are levels that get stuck. I put in correct numbers, but nothing happens and I cant move forward.", "enjoying the game and most levels no hints needed. however when I do spin and get ads for free hints after watching ad no hints given.", "There should be a option for changing the language. Every time I click the hint button when I don't know how to play the game it gives the hint in Chinese. Otherwise it's a nice game", "i dont know i am stuck on 19th level. I know what to do but the game is not letting me do it. Waist of time just uninstalled it.", "you should be able to tap anything and pick up anything. so it would come down to you having to figure out what what is helpful and what items to discard. i feel that maybe the game guides you too much by restricting what you can and cant look closer into! it is still challenging and fun, good job o...Full Review", "I like this game this is very intersting and it works my brain. And I got first mark in class 499 out 500. this is not only by this game because of my hardwork and determination also", "some levels are pretty hard to figuer out. need to think outside the box sort of speak. good luck", "good game but im stuck at room 15. the drawer won't open x=3 y=5 z=2??? y-\u00d7=2 y won't it open. uninstalling cant move on from here.", "liking it so far. did the real escape game and felt like I need to practice alot lol.", "i am stuck in level 9 because this stupid game doesn't want to open a safe and i put the right code", "so far I like the game, but I hate all of the ads. There doesn't need to be an add after every door opening.", "stuck on level 6. Im putting in the correct info but nothing happens. deleting this wack game", "Games are fun but glitchy. So frustrating that I'm probably going to uninstall.", "stuck on level 24 the no. pad doesn't work fix it or else the game is a failure(disappointed too many bugs)", "difficult to understand what want to do all thing is kk in it in level 8 y the plzz is not forming I found all its pixels bt still it's not working properly", "Would have rated this game more, until you took money from me. I paid for a pack, I emailed the company direct. They asked for my order number which I gave them, yet still not received my hints. Until this is resolved, I won't be playing the game.", "Game gets stupider and stupider as you go. You can't continue in the room even if you have all the items to collect until you get a hint; then you can continue. That's why they make you buy hints.", "I like the game but when i got to level 20 something its in a language I don't know how to read. it needs to be fixed and are might giving them a higher star score.", "some puzzles are not solvable without hints. seems to be a bug on the car level with the triangle puzzle in the floorboard. correct puzzle doesn't activate. and here the Hint button leads you to buy more hints.", "This was really a awesome game it also inproves our knowledge each and every door are with an awsome clues really intresting i want every body to install this game this is such a pleasure ivestigation its not investigation but its like that", "because you keep asking for one you get a bad one. game fine.", "this game said dat 3 hints to pass the level ... but when try to get hint.. for free hints need to watch advertisement.. aftr so many time i watched the advertisement.. they remain in 1 hint only.. im stuck in the level 39.. hints not working..", "YOU HAVE to pay attention and BE sure to keep a good HEAD ON your SHOULDERS SO YOU can get your Step in the right direction to get out", "Good game, but there are way too many times when I have said \"well that's stupid \". Hints are usually worthless. Very frustrating for a color blind person like myself.", "I like games that make you think. I'm 66 years old and these types of games help me with my memory. it's not so hard that you get frustrated but just hard enough that you don't want o give up.", "i'm stuck on 19, some hint arent working well. Uninstalling game", "good game... please change the spelling of cancel when you ask for reviews... its wrong presently", "Fun to start, but if you don't click things in order they don't work, hints don't always work and may be in Chinese, mini games don't always have a clear objective. But otherwise most of the time fun?", "i m reach 8th door then i get puzzle but i m puzzle solve but i cant move 3 puzzle i relise i wastw my time so much", "it was really fun to play this game..well, if u are a person who like sth mysterious and sth criminal...i recommend this game to u\ud83d\ude06 but it was a little tough for me because of its game to open the door\ud83d\ude25 but i like it though.", "this game is pretty fun but also really annoying when you can't find something but use a cause but overall it's a good game.", "game sucks has a glitch and won't let me ring the bells to pass the level. Even spent 1.99 hoping to skip!", "this is a good game but the hint on level 11 or 12 I use a hint it told me to touch a bottle I touch it I don't know what to do so I use another hint and it tells me to click off of it I personally think it's too easy", "i am stuck on 33 level pls give me a hint or take me to 34 level i hve been trying it from one mnth so far the game is good nd interesting except 33 level so pls help mee", "this is such a fun game its got great puzzles that are challenging but not too hard with hints if you get really stuck. I absolutely love it and would recommend it to literally anyone.\ud83d\ude01", "Far to easy, hoping it gets harder as i go on. edit- it gets much harder \ud83d\udc4c", "34 level game is Very worst \ud83d\udc4e please give clue lo that one game", "constant ads after each room are annoying, and it asks me to rate after each room, just leave me alone to waste time here please", "stuck on level 46 puzzle there is no hint how to solve puzzles", "Got to level 9, and it wont let me combine the necessary parts to solve the puzzle. I have the right answer. Fix it please.", "the game starts getting very tricky once u get to level 30", "fun, perfect to waste time. the only disadvantage is too many adds :(", "it's quite hard for new user but okay", "it's very good but I'm unable to complete 22nd level it looks so hard and that game is very difficult to play", "I like this game. I play it well. I saw my friend play this game. I thought this game is not fun. Then, I try install it. This game is good. I like it.", "Way too easy to click the menu button (which takes you out of the room). Way too easy to hit the hint button (which wastes your hints).", "very addicting went through 34 levels in 1 day", "it is good game but 22nd room has one game on door to play ..so i just wants to know that how to play that game", "Once I got the idea in the first room, the rest came easy. Well, easy enough. Still a challenge that requires thought and logic.", "Fun and relaxing. Puzzles are typically simple but occasionally are challenging. Hint system is too simplistic but ok.", "Great game. Finished all levels/games. Please come out with some new ones. Thanks", "it's kinda interesting but am now stuck on level 8 and when I ask for hints am given some Chinese words", "Too buggy... Stuck on level 16 because the game skips an important part and will not let me access it. I will keep it for a while to see if the bugs are fixed.", "I'm really enjoying this game. It's addictive and challenging without being overly hard. I absolutely love the graphics. So, much so that it has given me some home decor ideas.", "love it, so far, lol. update...impossibly impossible made it too level 37", "so bad you guys free hints do not work \ud83d\udc79\ud83d\udc7a\ud83d\udc4a", "Way to many ads. Would pay for ad free option", "keeps me busy at a boring time", "some game doesn't have hint too. All are force as to pay at some point. Free hints doesnt work", "not incredibly easy or difficult. challenging but not too challenging. fun", "Not bad, but the controls are not great - sometimes it's a bit finicky with where you're clicking.", "Multi-tasking skill and decision making required. Very Good game so far. Only two rooms. Use hints wisely and explore room before using them. Well done!", "stuck at room 24, freeze at the number pad and can't move forward. pls fix it", "I bought hints and didnt get them but they took my money", "frustrating clues often just point you to the panel that you are trying to work out. yup, thanks.", "couldn't figure out the number sequence on level 6. Went so far as to look on Youtube. The three numbers they had still didn't work when i tried them.", "the wheel always lands on ad and hints tell me to do the same thing over and over again", "I like the game but I paid for hints and never recieved them but the money was taken from my account... I'M NOT HAPPY!!!!", "got too repetitive and ads after every level.", "Stuck on lvl 36, 5186 password doesn't do anything...", "The game is okay. It's a time killer, but it's also a bit too easy. It reminds me a lot of the \"object find\" games that used to be around (Think of a digital Where's Waldo with all the extras you could find.). I feel if it were 3D, or had more areas to search, the potential would bring the app to a ...Full Review", "I'm totally addicted to it! Relaxing yet challenging our sharpness and increase memory skills", "it is fun and sometimes frustrating because it's so hard sometimes, but you get used to it. \u2764\ud83e\udde1\ud83d\udc9b\ud83d\udc9a\ud83d\udc99\ud83d\udc9c", "it blows. Cant enter code on lv. 25", "Multiple touches on the spot does nothing, use hint and it highlights the same spot and finally works...", "very good mind game. sometimes hints are difficult to understand", "who it is so hard to complete it I like it I had complete 1 game of these now I will 2 game", "This is an extremely well made game.. The realistic graphics really makes you feel as if your really trapped and needing to escape", "very challenging, and addicting, i stopped all my other games to try and complete this one lol", "level 9 wont accept the code, it's the correct code and I cant get it to open", "37 last game is impossible 4 me to beat & its not in english for the hint", "challenging and okay when you need to kill time", "I like this game....even it hard but it challenge my mind to break through all of it...", "Got stuck in high level the hint didnt help...just keep making me spin for more hints and ads.", "Great game. Never been this interested in a game", "free and challenging but not to the limit which will make you use the hints. it wont be fun for people who wants hints.", "has some cliches, you enter some clues correctly but it takes about twenty times to register.", "slightly confusing and exhilarating at the same time. I feel like an idiot", "glitches on level 14 and there is no way to continue. Stuck on that level due to glitch.", "except that when they ask me to rate the game, they mispelled the word cancel(i.e. cancle),. well written game. captivating", "There are some glitches, but otherwise I love this game.", "There are some annoying bugs. Otherwise It's an enjoyable game", "in level 33 there is no sense of opening even watched the video", "it just freezes in the middle although i have a 4 gb ram phone", "Quite annoying with no clear instructions, everything is so random.", "stuck on level 8 because it wont let me place puzzle pieces...", "like this game, not toonhard but puzzles are clever enough to make you think.", "6th level hard for me \ud83e\udd15\ud83e\udd15 anyone know ans pls rply", "overall quite absorbing. Some of the puzzles sometimes don't work first time round if all stages hadn't been done making it a bit confusing.", "it is an okay game mostly because when you get to level 22 when you click on a hint then it says something in Chinese or Japanese some people can't read what it says so how are you supposed to pass the level when you can't even get a hint or anything", "fun relaxing game. a little challenging but not so hard you want to throw your device \ud83d\ude01", "very tricky game yet i like it. addicted to the game I am on level 16 already. confusing at times but very mind boggling. It keeps you guessing. um need a,little help i can't escape room 19 im where the tablet uses a code.", "play mini game?? how about add instructions, totally stuck on level 25", "It's gud bt sum levels are too difficult to understand", "can someone help me... I miss stuck at a level n can't cross it!!!!!!!!", "It was great. Level 9 is tricky. Luckily manage to solve it. Try harder guys", "I have played many games but it's the worst game", "very challenging. different techniques in every room. not a dull moment. some of the rooms are graphic in nature. that is shy i did not give it 5 stars. NOT intended for a young audience!", "Games is excellent, but it is very difficult to understand clues, because they are not clear. even hints show where to touch but doesn't compete the particular task.", "I'm stuck level 22 can anyone tell me that how to slove it because at the end I'm not geeting to play it what is a puzzel or what......?", "It doesn't make any sense. It is just a very useless and boring game.", "OK game but pop ups are so annoying", "is was fun for a bit but as some of the other reviews mention even when you get the clue correct it does not open to get next piece or key. Going to uninstall.", "keeps freezing and locking up when I try to buy hints", "this is very difficult game.It develops our brain", "it's ok for me. But the biggest problem is it's not in English!", "waste of time it's not our language for 22nd level", "the clues dont make sence. how do you get 5 3 6 from the objects around the room. Way to reaching and out there for a basic clue game.", "Great game with good puzzles. Makes you think. Not giving it a full rating because the keypad in level 24 freezes even when you input the correct answer so i can't progress further", "This is not as easy as you may think, #15 and I just used my hints up.", "litte touchy in spots but im addicted to it", "I was confused at first but now i got the hang of it.", "its ok, only just started why are the clues in chineses ???? not very helpful", "just started playing, stop pestering me.", "glitchy, sometimes cant enter codes etc. hints are sometimes useless, puzzles (#22) dont have instructions", "i m getiing difuculties in level 22 at the end of the door i hve no idea how i will solve the puzzle of door of leve 22", "to many damn ads other than that its alright", "so far most rooms are great challenges", "hi kg g Yb v in ugh. nhndvb", "I can't stop playing this gme. It's a fun and relaxing game", "Nice game but in level 33 I didn't get any idea to play game..it could be more interesting if there is option given such as \"HELP\"..So need help.", "If you don't read Chinese then you could agree to have the game take all your hints which you have to sit through ads to get.", "Stuck on L 14 ,on the computer desk \ud83e\udd24", "would give it 5 starts if it didnt bug out and not let me click anything in the room. stuck in level 24 atm"], "Flight Pilot Simulator 3D Free": ["this game has 2 main problems. First, the control sensitivity is WAY TOO HIGH, i hope the sensitivity can be adjusted by users. Second, i was forced to buy planes or i can't even go on playing, and that makes i fail to save up ANY money for the planes i want. i don't know if this is made on purpose ...Full Review", "cool game just too many planes you have to spend alot of money for . besides that its a good game if bored. if they didnt charge money for those planes it would be the best game on the market. really stupid to ruin a game by charging money. you could make money by being popular and run a ad here and...Full Review", "Hey there! I like this game very much.Its incredible how easy the controls are.lm in love with this.This amount of detail in such a small game,while making it open world!But as they say, everything has its ups and downs.The altitude meter is... meh. You could fix that by adding points on areas and g...Full Review", "I love the realness in the controls. But at first I got a little bit sick from all the spining. Over all, this is one of the best games I played in my hole entire life!!! Thank you to the creators who made this game from heaven! I will always play this game for the rest of my life. It is so awesome!...Full Review", "This game has way too much in-game purchases and you simply can't progress in the game unless you buy planes and stuff... This is when you're also shoving adds in our face... Pathetic...", "A pretty fun game for the most part, not really much to it but still enjoyable. You can buy planes for real money rangeing around $12 to about $99 which i find laughable", "It seems like this is the hardest game in the world. I wish there were ATC's cuz other planes keep on landing on me. and that is SO STRESFUL. Also pls add more runways on each airport. and pls add a cockpit view. and also PLS add VR (rotation spd), VREF (Landing spd), VLO (max spd at which is safe t...Full Review", "pure garbage. out of the 5 times i started the game, control of the plane was achieved 1 time. waste of time. ZERO ingame guidance. And did i mention I CANT CONTROL THE PLANE ??????", "Good game, but there are some things you could add. First, you could add a taxi to runway system, second, you could add more secrets, third, once you get to senior level it takes ages to get enough money to pass the special mission without buying the aeroplane with real money, which I never do. Real...Full Review", "HAH! THIS GAME CANNOT BACK UR GAME PROGRESS AND IT AUTOMATICALLY CLEAR UR GAME DATA WHATEVER YOU DO IS NOTING BECAUSE YOU CANNOT BACK YOUR ACCOUNT. EVEN YOU CONNECT IT TO YOUR ACCOUNT YOU CAN'T BACK YOUT GAME PROGRESS. ALL OF YOUR SACRIFICE WILL LOST SO DON'T WASTE UR TIME WITH PLAYING THIS GAME SO ...Full Review", "Great game with lots of planes but video ads eat up data and are annoying. update: my phone crashes when I hit achievement. twice.", "great experience with game so far but only one star for now because game asked me to review game just 2 lvls into it. I will update once I have played the game more", "This is the type of game you can play and play and play. Yes, a game, not a simulator. It is not a good flight simulator. Apart from that, great. P. S. Bong 747? Do you mean Boeing 747 by any chance?", "great until about the8 mission. you can't go any further aimless you purchase a special plane. too bad,", "I love this game. The only thing that I want is helicopters. Otherwise I love it. You do not have to buy other planes with real money and it feels so smooth on your flight.", "I like this game,I hope you add other camera view like cockpit or from the interior part........But there is one thing that annoys me,it is sometimes when I play free flight mode and using an Arbus plane I don't know how am I suppose to land it in a small aircraft carrier(passenger mission)......", "it's good the only thing is you can't make a game delete it and get the game back and I went from LEGEND TO BEGINNER! SO DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OK?", "Brilliant game can't stop playing it.best game ever. great planes and just fun to play. i never get tired of it. the controls are easy to use and the missions are fun to do. :)", "Best airplane game I have found! Easy to master and lots of great hidden surprises as you unlock the various levels from Novice to Elite pilot. Could you guys add the coming soon levels? Cheers\u2606\u2606\u2606\u2606\u2606", "this game is good but why should the creaters of this game make the other planes so expensive even the bad looking planes are still expensive what if you are about 5 years old and you dont have a payment method come on fix this!!!!!!", "i had made progress until sixth campaign season and had many planes purchased. now even on logging in it makes me start from zero", "it's a great game but planes on the higher levels cost a lot please make them less and also the thing that annoyed me most was the transporting passengers in free mode when ever you have to use big planes you have to land it on a aircraft carrier an aircraft carrier just carrier's attack planes and ...Full Review", "Dear Developers Your game is amazing, but i want to see new missions, new planes (not many just a few). Thanks, keep updating your game, and it will be even more amazing.", "Fun game. I like it so far.... first level. Have played for a couple months off and one. Just the right challenge. Lost all my points when I got a new tablet, though. Starting over now.", "Great game .I love this game. But one thing is bad that is cockpit view.I think it is very important to have a cockpit view in any airplane related game.", "so its prity good so far but? can you work with the grafics and make it were you can fly peeple to placeses like new yourk or eney were in the globe it wold be awsom then", "just got it today and have played it for about 10 minutes now! But it has been a good, fun 10mins! love it so far! lets see what...ahem....\"free\" really means. I'm sure I will find out before too long!", "WHAT IS THE UPDATE? Gostei munto, mais podia ter helic\u00f3ptero e vis\u00e3o. 1 pessoa e Logar com a Google Play gamer,VC se agente n salva a nosso progresso fica chato e dai temos que fazer tudo d novo( e se aquele atualiza\u00e7\u00e3o for fake , eu os denunciou por spam ou enganoso pq VC t\u00e3o enganado n\u00f3s, mais se ...Full Review", "It's like Pilotwings 64, but with better graphics and the kind of camera freedom you expect from a game in 2019. So far so good.", "I have flown a plane before a single-engine Cessna in the 90s and this is very much just like the real thing and I love this game it really prepares you like if you're going to take a flying course I recommend you play this game daily LOL that's how I broke my selfie stick I was acting like it was a...Full Review", "was 5 star until the most recent update- \"bug fixes and enhanced performance\" just a fancy way of saying they input adds.", "I was asked for an opinion after only 2 missions. It seems a bit early to pass judgement on the game after a short period of time. The game seems good thus far.", "HONESTLY IT'S NOT THAT BAD GAME.I'VE DOWNLOADED MANY TIMES.AND INSTALLED IT CAUSE I LIKED IT! SO I WILL RECOMMEND YOU TO TRY(at least once) JUST GIVE IT A TRY.LOVE THE GAME.\ud83d\ude0b", "Its good to have so many plane to choice. Bad HUD design and weirdly different aircraft prices.", "It's the best pilot game I've ever played, but can you please make the airport missions in free flight give you more money? I'm at the speed of sound mission but I can't get enough money to get the plane I \"need\" for it. Please, and thank you.", "Used this app for a while now just put it on my new phone, always come back to this one not found better.", "The best Pilot Simulator game i've ever played.I now play it more often because i really love airplanes.\ud83d\udc95", "a pagle this flight pilot is very very bad my brother did one level it was so hard my brother complete that level but we got only one time rupees we have to get double rupees wait now I'm eating a poha ok byby thank you ghadera", "please can you add more control options? so far the game is great but it will be better if there are more control options like joystick for pitch. thanks.", "Why the progress in the game is not restored after i reinstall the game after factory resetting my phone? Bug, please fix this ASAP", "so nice to feel how flying over the sea. and the missions you have the responsibility to do it. great, thanks! I really love airplanes.", "Horrible play for a flight sim, also having to pay $25 for a plane to complete a level is rediculous. Be cautious with the editors choice recommendation.", "when is the next level going to be added? love the game. graphics are are great. not a lot of annoying adds", "Not that good but its OK. You should try playing #extreme landings. Its a better game.", "Good game but there hasn't been real updates for a long time, just bug fixes.", "i just hated when i go to the main lobby it always froze the game i hope you can fix this problem", "This Game Is The Best - It Also Inspires Me To Really Follow My Dream Of Becoming A Pilot", "Nice and smooth I really like this game because it has very smooth controls and if you want to be a pilot,then you should totally get this game.For some reason,when I got on one day, I lost all my data for the game,like all of my planes and stuff.That made me rage quit and now I realize that it was ...Full Review", "this game us very horrible we cannot play this game ever please do not play this game ever.", "I really enjoyed this game but I think that it needs more things like more planes for eg the airbus a380 and more", "missions are kind of hard. but i still completed the whole game", "is quite fun to play and seems much better than many other flying sims i've tried before... however..... !!!!!!!WARNING !!!! BE CAREFUL WHEN SELECTING PLANES TO FLY...THEY CAN BE VERY EXPENSIVE...UPTO \u00a340 FOR JUST ONE PLANE!!!!!!AND FROM A DELEVOPER CALLED FUN GAMES FOR FREE!!!!...NOT FREE IF YOU NE...Full Review", "It's ok, but poor graphics, average sim/physics and controls that force you to tilt your phone...", "it lacks more controls while on land, more maps to unlock maybe, weather challenges, and some more music/sound effects like some radio signals", "good game but the prices for planes are ridiculous like one of them was 35 quid for an extra 50 seats not good", "Sometimes it is 100%, And sometime kinda bad but 99% \ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00", "the following game is trash hot garbage i deleted it after the mode-dive race do not download this game.", "Enjoyable but not Accurate Theres one thing i would like which is cockpit view and more views.", "C0ntrol over is a little bit off b But tega!i is est", "one of the best apps I've ever played with . it is a great passtime and i feel I've really had a great time honing my \"flying\" skills . thanks . lots of fun !!!!", "Great for the first 3 flights, than required to buy an aircraft for the next flight in order to move on to the next level.", "I love this game...Just only please keep some less amount of \ud83d\udcb0 of the planes", "In A Word Superb Game.... I Enjoyed Vry Much.... Graphics and Flight Models Are Realistic and Control is too good .....", "this is great but I think that in the airplane you should have commands to people on board", "it's a great game you can enjoy flying a plane like real one", "It's a very good app. Best plane game I've ever seen.", "flight simulator is a great experience alwayswanted to fly on my own flight simulator get me feeling sure i can actually go and get lessons become a pilot", "keren deh pokoknya buat yang mau cita citanya jadi pilot gak usah belajar pas udah gede belajar aja dulu di flight pilot simulator 3d instal sekarang", "only 2 because i dont like missons", "Bad game I JUST HATE ITTTTTTTTTTTT", "Not realistic bad graphics and expensive not recommended", "good little flyer. not too sensitive. fun times \ud83d\ude06", "worst game ever never downlod", "its actually pretty altight the only annoing thing is the up and down controls", "Without graphics it is good plane simulator game", "Works great. I do a lot of long distance flying, as a passenger, and this app helps pass the time. Lots of fun. Have had it for over a year now.", "can't see line on airport", "It was great but then the levels got a bit complicated, but i moved on. Really great game", "the only thing I dont like about this game is that 2X is not even fast:(", "My plane is going wherever it wants to go.", "after playing for a while the app freezes on the loading screen", "I love this game so much because it helps u practice flying if u want to fly in real life amazing to great for your kids too #delta #southwest", "a good game for aeroplanes lovers but a thing that is not good which is the cost of airplanes in rupees , it should be in the game coins", "Fun easy pass time well game not too complicated like some that take forever to get off th ground.", "Just lost all my progress after updating. Please fix", "the plane is so expensive can't afford it", "worst game I have ever played!!!", "it is fun because I always wanted to see how you fly an airplane and it's sort of shows you not correctly I'm not sure about that but it still shows you a little bit", "great game but u shud improve de graphis,lyk seeing real humans boarding de plane and de towns look like carpets u really need to improve de graphics if u wanna stand a chance against other flying games", "it 's a great time killer you should get this game rate five stars like me \u2b50\u2b50\u2b50\u2b50\u2b50", "cool but boring. it'll probably cost mad dough to do anything interesting.", "so I've been playing for a year and nothing happens except I have 2.9million coins and can't buy the next plane please fix it by the way I love the game", "so flight surface controls are in accordance to the real thing, but no rudder pedals, or flaps or cockpit view", "no bad just started the game. so far i like it", "awesome graphics, just a bit expensive for me. I wish all planes were available through level achievements instead of the way it is now", "it's the worst it makes you buy serten things", "no instruments and visual is no good. The worst I've tried, uninstalled.", "The game need to be more graphically great and have more difficulties in challenges.", "it's so much fun. Let's you take your mind off of your day", "I don't like tilt games but it's amazing", "Very Very good game..... but i wana give 4.7 stars because landing the plane there is no sound of the landing gears touching the ground....but the gane is very good\u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764", "this was so cool it makes me want to be a pilot when i grow up!on second thought , i'll stik to playing this game", "This app is a total waste of data.", "worst game ever", "very bad landing", "I'm afraid of heights but I like to fly on the ground", "bad game dont play this game badesttttttttttt game ever I played", "everything is so exspensive ur game is ass", "it was fun I am going to be a long tim e player it was good thanks", "nice game. I'm addicted", "its better than what i thought ..4 stars just because the controps are not like realistics . And the airport should be more big", "terrible controls. because of 3-rd person view, in modt cases you can't see runway when landing. planes can't be modified or customized.", "harder than it looks, have to pay attention", "The destinations need to be expanded and bigger Airports & would like to have more control with the engines and have types of views ( Cockpit view etc.)", "it's sooooooooooooooooo good get this game now right now", "now that i've played the game for a while i've upgraded it to 5 stars it is a great game", "What flight simulator on earth does'nt have an interior view, \"aka cockpit\" please add that and improve sensitivity with adjustable feautures.", "its the best but improve in camera put also inside", "\u00d3timo jogo, seria melhor se houvesse pilotagem por dentro.", "i keep installing this game just because of all the fun i have on it and the fact ur bot timed to do all the missions keep up the good work.", "Google home mini home page for the top of Hmzmhsehie. Did. She said Duke website to provide And other information that you can", "Hey There, Nice Game good graphics And then the only i hate is Ad But good game", "the best game ever best airplane simulator game in history of simulation games.", "this is not a simulator.. just a game for 7 year olds..", "I like it...it reminds me of flying with my dad. actually it just stimulates the memories I have that were better.but the game is cool", "Cool.. i can kill some time with this one.", "very nice it's been a while since i've downloaded a flight simulator and I thi k so far this one is very cool I enjoy it", "i realy enjoy this game becouse i love flight,it good & makes me feel like am the real pilot on the plane.", "good game and controls but manual is good if imputed anytime", "I just began to play it then my tablet fell and cracked because I was too interested with this game", "very poor .", "great graphics, easy controls and so realistic, cant think of anything else when am free. keep it up developers", "put some more features and make the graphics a little bit more beautiful", "Graphics is so good and easy to go about, the control is smooth and also it's addictive.", "This Is so cool!i thought of this when i just was about to play it!GREAT GAME EVER!", "Great pass the time. Relaxes my anxiety and the controls are easy and smooth. 5 star from me.", "hay you people out there who like flying!!!!!!!!! this game is sooooo awsome and is perfect at controls graphics is awsome the reality is so reall. So just to let you people know that this game is soooooo awsome and i just want to say thank you to the person who made this game!!!!!!", "Best game ever played but plz add first person mode and can u plz add passenger missions like on airlines", "good visuals and easy to learn.", "Seems easy to use. No negative issues yet.", "good game to kill time.", "dam i love this game perfect flight simulator you should download its not my first time downloading", "Pretty cool game with simple and easy controls.", "game is very fun to play when bored, I would recommend to have a joystick.", "To be 100% clear. I never ever played a araplane game in like three years. So... Good gob.", "pls.. make all plane can buy by gold ... not use purchase ... ONLY USE GOLD IN GAME", "man i love it, pleas make it online multiplayer game and races please!", "the game is good but plane speed so slow", "Great simulator. I like it a lot.", "having a blast with this simulator wish I had downloaded sooner but I'm only half n hour in will check in with progression great thus far \ud83d\ude00", "i like it ez controls so i win all the time map creater if your here please make more map like this!!!", "it's the best flight sim I have found for my cellphone if you like flight sims I recommend you get it", "good game not better than pubg and coc answer assassin creed", "great it is great game if you feel bored and you dont have wifi it's the perfect game", "It is a very good and complecate game if you have to become a pilot 5his game is a best simulator for pratice", "Coolest game ever and I can't wait to up load war machine", "controls alittle touchy but but I love it", "I ply this game after takeoff class its just blank pls do something in this app and fixed the bugs then igive it 5 stars", "Its really fun and when i get bored i play this game", "Well all in all it is quite good but I think we could upgrade it a little bit. Thanks", "still wish it had cockpit audio", "You dont need no ticket to fly with me! Lol! Fun game! \ud83d\ude0a", "take the edge off boring", "very bad game", "when i grow up i will be a pilot", "where is the 11 etc. , new challenges????", "I find it to be a great simulator but in the future can there be new controls and first person mode", "need the legend campaign to be activated can not progress anymore on the game", "good controls and good graphics but sometimes the mission is very hard like in aircraft carrer its very hard to landing. .", "experience like we are the pilot", "nice verry good", "it gives u a little bit of the feel that I have some control. very good thanks", "fun game :) ilove it! i would like to have more missions or worlds and maybe multiplayer?", "good game I am loving it", "it's fun to play wen bored ps no wifi needed", "i like the game but i wish flaps and spoilers were there", "only used it twice but it works well so far", "Nice game some problem in graphics", "good controls, great sim so far", "Very. Good", "my experience is good and is fun when at home just not the best when in motion", "Complete all missions but whem the legend chapter will be un locked cant wait", "it is pretty good and its an wven level of easy and hard\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a", "I think we shoud centrol the planes with the areos", "it was a fun game to play when you fly it feels relieving.", "Nice to play and easy to learn", "like this game very much thank you for making this game", "Brief self-tutorial, and you have a great game to occupy time anywhere.", "awesome very time consuming", "Best Game ever everyone should try it but you guys should make the background real", "its a really good and interesting game there is no problem at this . very dashing superb", "This game is so so awesome.Don't believe me, download it and see for your self", "I love this game so much. I have had it for a long time and I never had a problem.", "I don't know", "From what it gives me I'm great. I won't take it for granted. I'll continue with scrutiny as I remember.", "i like it but many add", "Good exper redirect&ob Flow SwiftKey harassment Flow Flow 2023 SwiftKey # Flow", "im like this game flight pilot simulator", "thank you for making this game hbbcndgk I", "i love it i uninstalled it but i am dieing to play it"], "Sniper Fury: Top shooting game - FPS": ["It's a good time waster. Fun to play but the exotic weapons are near impossible to get! You need to be playing it almost 24/7 to get anything cool! And the game requires you to play the levels multiple times to earn the required parts...very frustrating...", "Was a good game. I've only given it star because I experience loading issues, the latest pops up an error code and won't load at all, also the cost of rubies is ridiculous, I'd never dream of paying \u00a399 for 3000 rubies, finally upgrading squad mates is tedious and extremely long winded as is getting...Full Review", "I usually go for the zombie games, but grew tired of them and tried this a couple weeks ago and love it. Grafics are awesome!!", "worst game ever it sucks your internet data completely. they show you that the is game only of 56 mb and after downloading it when you try to open it,the game asks for extrernal program download and sucks your mobile data about 1gb,\ud83d\ude24 please don't download this game", "love the play. not liking how I get my weapons, especially if i don't spend real money.", "Don't waste your time in this firstly it download and after it shows again downloading till 10 hrs", "Today I am updating the game and open it I see its started downloading. when downloading completed. I am in Washington and I already downloaded it. But I see the download is 77% and I can't download it again. I restart my mobile bu nothing else. I can't do anything and playing. Please solve my probl...Full Review", "Not a free game as advertised, that is if you want to get ahead of other players. Be prepared to spend your own $$$ if you want to move forward at a reasonable pace here. It seems the game is designed for those willing to spend $$$ and not so much for the average player. BE WARE!", "the wast game im mi not 4 mobile using this game not support data over waste full game file download game in not orking re enter the game repeated file download my data is waste this game not orking the wasted game sniper fury im taim waste", "I just downloaded the game and after that when i opened,, It is showing Error: glni. What is this? Please help me out", "I used to play this game daily basis. But, not anymore. The latest update is a disaster!!! Pls don't ask me why, you could easily find tonnes of negative comments in your FB page!!!!!!! Fuxk the crew who did this update!!! Shame on you!!!! The one who approved this update share the shame too!!!! Fxx...Full Review", "mnrut sy yg tidak bgitu paham ttg game ap itu grafis,dsb mnrt sy game Sniper Fury ini mantap luar biasa.Mhon untuk Ajang diperbnyak utk ajang solo/sndri dg level 20an krna level 50an ckup berat bagi pemula serta tlong lebih dipermudah misi warlord, mnrt sy ckup dmkian pndpat dr sy trima kasih. mhon ...Full Review", "it's like leathl weapon and missing in action command to each other.", "It's again and again start downloading data i have complete my download 2 times but still it shows 80% \ud83d\ude21. What can i do \ud83e\udd14? The only option left is uninstall, if this is not fixed. But i love Gameloft games and there graphics. I hope it will be fixed soon.", "great game the only thing I would change is the sensitivity and turn it down a bit", "\ud83d\ude2di lost my entire data for this game...please don't download this game\ud83e\udd27", "i played for almost 5mins and the game keeps crashing", "don't download this app after downloading it get 1 gb downloading for this wrost wrost ever its my personal experience so don't wrost ur time", "setelah di update ... download savedatnya harus ber ulang\u00b2... sudah berapa kali harus mengulang lagi setelah 100% ... perbaikan adm", "waste of times i waited for a whole hour", "Good game. love it", "I love this game. addicted .....\ud83d\ude42\ud83d\ude42\ud83d\ude42\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a", "Worst Graphics \ud83d\udc4e Boring Ever Game \ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e", "worst game ...... ever only downloading content .....", "this game is awesome i like playing it and killing the enemies that's in it.", "faltu app only take data and no response", "Played it time to time, this version is better. Better if offline playing was also available", "1- Most Addictive gameplay 2- Graphichs are best but can be improved", "baap of all shooting games", "ki holo cll ta", "not working in my mobile", "Nice game, new pvp unlimited is reallly very toughtful.", "I just mean offline game how this play store give me an online game!!!!", "doesn't work", "Very Addictive", "everything is beautiful", "worst game,", "Umm ok i like it", "need real money", "Great mobile gameplay! Highly recommend this game.", "Nice game great graphics very addictive. Glad with the new updates.", "Best fps sniper game on phone or tablet!", "this game require very very stong internet connection", "It's dope.", "like the graphics", "nice game.But it takes time to load", "love this game the graphics are AMAZING", "great game i like the diversity", "addictive gaming great graphics", "really thrilling graphics..... like it \ud83d\ude0d", "good n fun\ud83d\udc4d", "Good game,...", "best game ever..", "really very nice", "very nice game", "great game to play", "mind blowing game", "very addictive!!!", "\u0926\u092b\u0917\u092b\u095c\u092b\u0939\u0939", "\u0d17\u0d41\u0d21\u0d4d", "mnn", "Ok", "well.played", "great game,", "\ud83d\udc4d", "\ud83d\udc22", "super excellent", "nice work", "good game", "experience great", "it is totally awesome", "great game", "addictive game", "fantastic game", "i love this game", "Nice to play", "good game", "good game", "good game", "amazing gameplay", "Perfect \ud83d\udc4c", "fun", "nicee", "best", "excellent", "great", "it is awesome", "Superb", "Awesome", "good", "Good", "better", "gr8", "What I like ~ fun easy to use weapon controls, deep bonus system, and easy to follow game progression. i was wrong about level artwork ~ it is greag (hadn't played long enough to make any revies. What I don't like ~ there is repetition in PVE tactics (esp in PVP), and the tutorial is too short.", "Game is best but your event is very hard to receive items first energy is very low only 3 dots second time duration is very long to recover energy third cant win items properly during event mission it is best to find hacks or cheats for this game every one is not able to purchase items on money plea...Full Review", "I'll give 5star only to graphics but the control, the server, the sensitivity even I've adjust in setting is horrible. I can't costumize my button that is I think very importand in FPS game. And the explaination of the mission is horrible. Mostly protect mission, who the hell will stay in open field...Full Review", "Installed the game and waited for 15 minutes and it was just 10% of download completed.. I couldn't wait much more and waste my time.. deleted the damn game.. \ud83d\ude05.. literally a time wasting game before start.!!", "only been playing for a few days, first thought is positive, for a new player there is a lot to learn and take in, but as the more i play the more i learn and opens the game up with many different options to choose from. really looking forward to advance in this game which is a good thing and keeps ...Full Review", "Controller compatible?/ nope!! its suppose d to be but a waste of my time madfinger games got it right!!! with dead trigger 2 go!! madfinger games . Modern combat 5 was also a waste of my time just saying ;-) lol", "Have not had any trouble with this game until last night. It won't even open now. There isn't an update, so what's the problem? I keep sending reports, gave gone to your website to see if there is a problem, and nothing posted. so. what's the problem?", "Does anyone I've been problem playing Sniper fury on the Huawei mate 9 mine is freezing a lot of time I am wondering if the graphics are too heavy for that phone", "if possible try and come up with interesting Map and missions, and yes buying weapons is very boring task. pls at least don't keep anything like FIND PARTS or OPEN BATTEL BOX etc. bcz it takes much time in finding parts for buying weapons.", "I was playing kill shot bravo until this was brought to my attention. A better game and they dont try to take your rent money", "great game..Is second time when i play this game and go up to 55level...Is more great rhen the first time..the wepons you get them litle hard..but uhit howers of playng you get a fine wepon...in rest is giid graphics game...Aaaa a nos forget..open your wallet...", "great game. If you do not agree, PLEASE RECCOMEND A BETTER ONE. Seriously! reccomend it please. Thanks", "Best sniper game in the market! Needs more levels and wepons! It gets a 4.5 from me, and a perfect 5 if we had this. Need to be able to replay previous areas once unlocked", "Playing this from last month, and now I am addicted to it. update: please improve your customer support its pathetic, i got so frustrated that i have to uninstall the game", "after a download of 90 MB or so for the game itself, surprise: it starts a download of maps and graphics of more than 1 GB, without any prior information!!! How is that for a phone? Draining memory and battery in no time, guaranteed!", "Nothing to say I'm just feeling like am a real sniper \ud83e\udd23 Every time I play my heart starts to beat like never All I hope if you could let me customize my layout on the screen to make the fire button a little bit bigger Thanks a lot", "The same PvP map made the game boring! keep an eye on this in the future update than would rate it 5star!", "in over all playability difficulty control graphics and style sniper fury is the best game I've ever played...in fact I'd like to one day see a version of this game for console's such as PlayStation4.", "fun to play don't spend your time watching movies , play games like sniper fury , pubg, fortnight, free fire I will give 5 stars to this game... .", "worst game please don't download... such a waste of time", "for graphic it is able to get 5 out of 5, but in case of server connectivity very poor after sometime playing it shows reconnecting, and worst thing is weapon upgrade very very bad experience.", "very good, but phishing for payment all the time. Upgrades are too slow/expensive", "best mobile game i have played. there is no good shooting games like this \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "so very big files what the..... i hate gameloft i hate it apps from gameloft", "Time restraints are absolutely ridiculous. Play for 5 minutes and have to wait for 2 hours to play again. So stupid. Uninstalling. Not worth the wait time.", "its the longest sniper game ive played and enjoyed it... also has many different stages and seasions to play for longer... good job team kudos and do well", "addicted to this game! would love longer missions, but hey, it s free of charge! shoot!", "REALLY slow load times, inability to change controls, Good graphics, so-so game play. There's better.", "frequently verify files n starts downloading i don't know what resulting all my data pack get exhausted its too annoying I'm very much disappointed.", "Very fun game but has glitches that cost you in game currency. gameloft is reluctant to make it right when that happens.", "can you stop sending me notifications like every minute its annoying .its making me not wann play the game.", "Good Game... Extraordinary graphics and everything we need.But i recommend the developers to find a solution for the data downloading at each level or sector.I suggest you could add it along with additional file in the first time.Anyway it is a wonderful game and will never bored of it.I am thrilled...Full Review", "this game is amazing and im not just saying that there are drowns which you can have or fight a genst and you talk to people all over the world", "WOW!! What can I say? Outstanding, in everything. The graphics, the missions, the gun control and the list goes on. Well done people, well done.", "while downloading files it's just irritating by screen off please fix bug", "Excellent game but every time I load into game it always comes up error and goes back to main screen very disappointed going to uninstall if not fixed", "What's the problem the mission is Showing Downloading but the Downloading is 0% Solve this Problem. This Problem is very Irritating", "some time hang problem but only little not big problem", "So far, so good. Still playing after a week with only skill, no drain on my fixed income.", "faltu. my 1.65gb storage gone. waste of time!!! bad graphics\ud83c\udf4e\ud83c\udf4e\ud83c\udf4e\ud83c\udf5f\ud83c\udf5f\ud83c\udf5e\ud83c\udf5e", "Put gear back on sale. #fail. # Sniper fury fails", "pretty bad ace fps, for classic arcade/simu style, enjoyable base raids, plenty challenging, over all 5 star in my book.", "This is not worth it, 99mb to download then it takes about 1gb to download once you have opened it...1.1 gb just to start playing the game i think this is o load of bull$##t!!!", "the battery consumption is very bad,makes my phone too hot", "Button of invite to play sniper fury was not working so plz fixed it asap due to his I can't complete tier 6", "It must be Play in Offline Mode. But I love this game. Its addictive, It has unlimited power to play game with all levels that is good for me so that I don't want to purchase any energy with real money.", "How many time Umberal academy ad will be displayed, it is very boring", "I like the game, but it forces you to buy gems to upgrade weapons,players rating, etc. You cannot proceed in gameplay without spending cash. sort this out and will give 5 stars.", "I have the latest update of the app installed and it keeps downloading game content everytime I open the app! Starts again at 80% despite completing 100%!", "Cant working very well stop, stop, stop , wait, wait, wait , report ,report,, report but I love this please solve this issue okkkkk :-) :-) :-)", "There is some technical glitche. The download is stuck at 4.3%. Hence unable to play.", "Game is good yet there is many bugs, it may be my device but connective is bad, size is too high, sound problems .", "Sniper should be in combat situations and move through open world's", "game loft can you provide an restore option if the game installed on new mobile", "great weapons and graphics, feel like you have to spend more real money for cash and rubies to keep upgrading than is necessary but overall it's a great setup", "Really enjoyed this great shoot them up wish they would fix this 8 days now and just not loading and it's not my connection time still no answer from gameloft really pissed at them shame great game some hiccups seem to have been resolved excellent", "After spending so much time downloading all data, it says no connection available. Stupid game.", "wast of my 1800mb in my data balance this game function is very worst.please don't download this game.", "bener sih emang ga berat, aplikasi dibawah 100mb tapiiii begitu udah install saat download filenya tuh lebih dari 50mb ini apa2an?? sampe lebih 200mb download file nya aja. langsung uninstall.", "the graphics on this game is awesome and keeps u i terested not the mess every time u play good job dudes and dudets", "I love this game best graphics best control over all best game in the shooting game", "worst experience...after downloading its not loading with the additional file", "I'm really enjoying the game, if only I could play offline.", "keeps telling me to delete apps for room to play,this is the only app and a new memory card.dont waste your time", "this is something really nice.. totally loving it.. my previous favorite game was \"commando hunt -fight for survive\" now this is my new love", "Not working properly. Stopped at 71% during analysation.", "just started playing this and got the hang of it easily. It has enough variety to keep you going and readily allows you to power up without spending much at all", "I have to wait 30 minutes. damn game", "fantasric even more so on my new motorola g6 play", "Warning!! you have to download more contents. Not mentioned anything about the total game size whatsoever..", "It's a really boring shooting game. Graphics are average too", "i changed my device and as a result of it i am back to lvl 1. is there anyway to continue at the same level", "worst game i don't like it just waste of data", "fun but super glitchy and there is just way to much to keep up with", "after installation the game tries to do download something but it doesnt get downloaded and the game is not starting", "Controls cannot move to left side", "Very interesting , love the graphics, it is extremely addictive. i also love the story mode, missions are just...awesome. it is indeed the most beautiful online shooting game ever!", "Srsly noob game u don't deserve 1 star", "very bad expireance in upgrading guns very slow working ........west upgrading ....", "great game juzt wish fire area a little bigger", "Takes hell lot of time to install it. waste of data", "goo game h bilkul tutti s bekar game kripya krke is game ko na khele isse accha apni tutti s khel la usme jyada mza ayga bilkul goo game h", "Worst ever game just consuming data", "i have never played before such an amazing game", "Very good graphic game. I like it but update is very large file. So, admin please can you give a middle size for update. Thanks.", "The fact that I can play single player campaign and learn the game before going out against others, is very useful.", "I believed the problem has been fixed, good job.", "Graphics still not the best but great game. Also, anything more from this Netflex ad?", "waste of data, it wont even open", "i am enjoying game nice team", "dead glitchy game.. bug in tutorial UNISTALL", "too much problem in playing mission mode", "hopless dont download it \ud83d\ude12", "Good Game it's better then all other sniper game", "very bad game it is not opening", "among the wierdest game i ever play....install to other device ....once update both device start at the beginning....", "Good Game..!! But it has many bugs also the UI is very complicated", "Very Nice Game.\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07 I Like This Game\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07 . But more improvement should be needed\ud83d\ude10\ud83d\ude10\ud83d\ude10\ud83d\ude10", "i have lost my MB in downloading this app ....it doesnt works and load in my device..", "this game is definitely better than last time I downloaded it they've added a lot of new features good job", "my thing is sniper and i lldamn love this game but plz add some special missions", "won't load do better", "very nice games very addicted very easy to play", "has kept me entertained the energy refreshes quickly and allows you to keep playing.", "nnuuhh ! what a waste of time better dont download it .", "great game but shouldn't be lagging on galaxy 9,phones dont get much better", "this game has improved to the max graphics storyline weapons free stuff. if this were the only rpg it would be my only rpg"], "PAC-MAN": ["bad because im 15 and i cant play it, if your the creator reading this. you really need to fix your game. :( Chomp- ya later creator! have a nice day! :)", "i dont ever rate anything and this game is dumb. gives you age limits chose 2-12 for my kid. now it wont even open because that is too young y give the option if you wont allow it ..... automatic delete from me", "I've been playing this game since I was a child, and now I can't play it just because I'm 12? this is madness! y'all need to fix this or your installs will go down pretty soon. But whatever, you guys chose what you want to do with your game \ud83d\ude44", "honestly i couldn't rate this lower or i would. this is pacman and yet when i installed it for my child it told him he was to young to play and locked the game out completely. i even tried to delete app data to bypass this. what kind of pacman game requires an age restriction. is this some kind of p...Full Review", "In the latest 7.1.1 version, THE PAC MISSIONS KEEP REPEATING plus, the new mazes arrive every blue moon. We're waiting for you Namco people to bring us NEW PAC MISSIONS AND NEW MAZES MORE OFTEN.", "stupid about the age thing. my daughter wants to play this game and you look myself out of the game because I picked her age group. so so wrong.", "THIS GAME WAS JUST LIKE WHEN I WENT CAMPING AND WENT TO THE ARCADE OR JUST ANY ARCADE THIS GAME WAS FUN TO PLAY WASNT REALLY GOOD AT IT BUT THIS MOBILE APP IS SURE LOTS OF FUN", "You need to let me get to the next levels , instead of stuck on certain ones all the time it's getting boring ty", "My direction keeps changing inaccurately causing me to die alot more often in my games. It's rather frustrating", "As a lifelong Pac-Man fan, I adore this app! The variety of mazes makes it replayable, fresh, and exciting.", "kid hit 2-12 , now i cannot open game says age restricted. close and use different tag same thi g. age locked", "Stuck in a Rut, with Nothing More to Do. To Do List Will Never Ever Change if Ever You Fail in Completion of its Task. Ever....Pay to Skip Maybe?", "like why cant 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 and 12 year old play the game? that is just so stupid plus whats scary about pacman?", "I AM 10 years old and the stupid game can't let me play a very simple pac-man game because of the idiots who created this.", "I hate games so full of ads.you can't enjoy the game", "accidentally hit 2-12 and now completely blocked out. garbage.", "remembering all the arcade days Its a bit harder then I remembered, still fun. But extra mazes shouldn't all be locked\ud83d\ude23", "it sucked does it really matter on my age like ill give you information about me creeps", "This is DUMB 2 and 12 can't play! I hate you guys your so dumb", "As much as I LOVE this game because of the simple fact that it brought me back to my childhood days in the 1980s(playing it on my older cousin's Atari 7800, AND pumping quarters into the arcade machine at the video arcade in the mall!\ud83d\ude04), there was a little bit of a problem with the speed, where it ...Full Review", "I said no to your nasty EULA. Uninstalled without even playing it once.", "it doesnt matter your age to play this i would not recomend it it only works when you lie about your age", "shame that game isn't playable in Europe and maybe make it world wide", "it said i was to young? I am so confused what is bad in that game a cannot play it???", "It is very frustrating when they find you but over all a good game", "annoying \"you cant play this game\" restrictions", "PAC-MAN is a good game but the first stage is slow", "i hate it,im 9,and they say i cant play", "well if youre 2 to 12 u cabt play so i installed it anthen uninstalled it than re installed it so i could play pac man", "I've played Pac-Man and Ms Pac-Man since i was a kid. I've always liked these kind of games.", "it is five stars because it is like the original and the game is awesome", "nice job thanks love pac man", "i like this game but i get stuck allot its a good game though so if you like pacman get this", "its terrible it hardly even works", "I love the game and it is soooooo funnnn this game mayed the word fun they put the f and the u and the n in fun they put extra n's so the word for this game is funnnnnnnn", "It makes you select your age and it say you are not old enough for the game if you select 13 or younger", "love the gAme. but it is hard to buy a level on elite. so please lower the price of the levels on elite. so that's why I can give 4 stars instead of 5 stars", "way too many commercials", "Great game play, great graphics, it's all great but maybe some color changes throughout the objectives.", "My favorite game on my phone! I love how many different mazes you can play.", "Never really gotten huge into Pacman until now. Always love a challenge. One day i hope to beat it .", "Hard to control pac man", "this is a good game and I'm sad cuz no more Sonic event", "Wow, that was FUN! Until I needed to purchase more tokens in order to continue playing.", "this game dose not work", "I used to play this game when I was little, thank you for making this game on mobile", "awesome game always will be this is one fad thats nver dies and will alwsys be fun to play.", "they won't let me play because i'm 12", "Awesome I love this game so much!!!", "good ratings and good graphics. love this game can't stop playing", "im 12 and it says i cant play this game", "superb..my childhood bestie..but it should be without adds", "the game doesn't allow me to play because i am from Europe, what the hell, this is kinda offensive to be honest", "No words can discribe this classic!!", "it will not let me play", "sucks dont let u play", "it didnt let me play", "love it!! great mazes, tournaments and daily acheivments.", "I can't play because I'm too young", "always old time fun", "i put in that i am from Europe and it said that i couldnt play the game \ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f", "Dorothy MCcarty 123G @ mail Com'", "love the game hate the ads", "Doesn't run.", "it wpuldngt let me play!!!", "It is cool but if you are not old unuf you can't play\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude2d", "it won't let me play", "it's Pac-Man. There's not much else to say.", "its terrible", "It doesn't matter seriously like read more boooooooo!!!\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e", "great game!!!!!I love it.", "old school gold.", "it's not working!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Pac man is that you talking? are you alive?", "pac man is cool he eats ghosts", "almost got fiered", "stpid and ugly", "this game sucks because if your 10 you can't play this game so stupid \ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20", "I'm not looking for wreck it Ralph!!!!!!!OK. ok", "love it is very interesting is not boring", "I love this game l had it when I was 5 years old and 6", "not bad but could use more levels", "This game is the coolest game I have ever played", "is this the original game?", "Is a fun game for family and friends to play with", "Dude this is awesome even if its hard its awesome!!!!! :D", "good pacman but mrs pacman is in my heart", "a timeless classic. never gets old", "fun challenging entertaining", "Didnt recieve my coins and im pissed....", "cool best experience ever \u00b9", "very good could i like playing", "One of a .kind game ..very nice well Done.?.", "childhood memories", "its okay", "Awesome!! Soooo many memories", "it's just a fun game overall", "\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e it's bad\ud83d\ude20", "love the game since 1982", "I hate it", "it a bad app", "I LOVE PAC-MAN", "cool old school!", "Awsome Time killer!", "love it very challenging", "i lile this game its interesting", "best pac game ever", "Great game love it loads", "I love pac man", "it so fun and i such a classic arcade game LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "it's a great app", "this is a good game to play \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "Super fun!", "love it...so far, lol", "very addictive!", "its freaking awsome", "best game ever", "love pac man", "gotta love pacman", "A MA ZING", "awesome game relaxing", "Very challenge & exciting", "me...gusta...en...mexico...desde...tijuana...", "great for the kids \ud83e\udd18", "ok", "slegrn", "like it", "Mayonnaise", "Fit", "ghjl", "live it", "Jb", "Lixo", "love this game\ud83d\ude04", "gobble gobble", "\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "love it!", "Really Fun to play\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04", "all good", "great game", "great game", "still awesome", "fun game", "it is so interesting", "so cool", "great game", "love it", "frustating", "to slow", "it's good", "\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "Awesome \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "Good\ud83d\ude42", "great", "awesome", "awsome", "awesome", "fun", "love it", "great", "it is awesome", "cool", "great", "Fantastic", "best", "good", "good", "great", "excellent", "fun", "nice", "Good", "great", "good", "coooooool", "marvelous", "fun", "wonderful", "fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun", "love it \ud83d\ude32\ud83d\ude0d\u2764\ud83d\ude32\ud83d\ude0d\u2764\ud83d\ude32\ud83d\ude0d\u2764\ud83d\ude32\ud83d\ude0d\u2764\ud83d\ude32\ud83d\ude0d\u2764\ud83d\ude32\ud83d\ude0d\u2764\ud83d\ude32\ud83d\ude0d\u2764\ud83d\ude32\ud83d\ude0d\u2764\ud83c\udf80\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc93\ud83c\udf80\ud83c\udf80\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc93\ud83c\udf80\ud83d\ude32\ud83d\ude0d\u2764\ud83c\udf80\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc93\ud83c\udf80\ud83c\udf80\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc93\ud83c\udf80\ud83d\ude32\ud83d\ude0d\u2764\ud83c\udf80\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc93\ud83c\udf80", "Looks Down On Teens I Love Pacman. However, It Seems As If The Develpoers Think Children my age Dont know How To Pplay Pac man. It Simply states. \"You can not play this game, if your looking for wreck it ralph content, click the link below.\" Let us play!", "I definitely think there should be MORE age groups. I am 10 and I chose the age group 2-12. It just said that I cant play the game and it showed a wreck it ralph app below. Just because I'm 10 doesn't mean I can't play pac man. But somehow if you're a lot older, you can play it which I think is abso...Full Review", "A few years back I was diagnosed with MS. When my cognitive skills started to get a bit wonky I was told to look for a way to exercise that part of my brain. I loved PAC-MAN as a kid and was psyched when I found your ap! You have helped my brain get in check every morning, and throughout the day as ...Full Review", "I like it because of how pac-Man is like a pece of pizza that got bit in to. And that the game is very fun I mean very fun. And that when you have a nuff of coyd,s you get to pick your own mazy. And your own pac- Man. And when you get priazis that,s the fun part about it. And when you get all the pr...Full Review", "well my problem fixed itself with a new update. I missed out on the Christmas contest, but I got coins to make up for my issues. Pac-man is still hard to control, and has since the last big update, and will often stop moving for several seconds. I have lost many lives during his time-out! I give 4 o...Full Review", "swipe input is cumbersome and doesn't respond like the good ol' joystick did back in the day because its area is limited so it doesn't always pickup quick swipes, especially when turning multiple corners or trying to go back and forth or up and . i think it would be better if you could use any part ...Full Review", "It used to be such a nice game of childhood. Now it's one of the examples how not to migrate your legacy game to mobile. First, it checks network at beginning and will keep you waiting unless it can establish connection at server. I never understand why it has to be like that. I generally start play...Full Review", "I was born in 1958. I've seen diffrent things evolve from cars to phones but when it comes to games PAC-M needed no evolving . Before I could play the game on my phone I remember this one pizza hut that had a PAC-MAN game . I literally had blisters at diffrent times because of the intensity at which...Full Review", "Originally gave it a bad review because all of my progress disappeared. Luckily they fixed everything. Great game. If you're a true Pac-man fan I def reccomend this.", "It's fun however the to-do seems to be unresponsive. I am not able to claim the 1 coin as a prize after finishing the respective task on the to-do list. Btw, the daily challenge works just fine. I get rewarded 2 coins as promised after finishing the task. Is there any way you can help?", "I DON'T LIKE HOW THE RED GHOST MOVE MUCH FASTER THAN THE OTHER GHOST/ OH AN I HATE HOW THAT RED GHOST RUNS THUR THE OTHER GHOST , LIKE IF BLINLY AN DA BROWN GHOST ARE IN PURSUIT OF ME & ARE ON MY TAIL , THAT RED GHOST WILL RUN SLAM THUR THEM 2 GET 2 ME AN I TELL U DAT URK'S DA CRAMP OUT OF ME ....PL...Full Review", "I am aware of what I am reviewing , but it still doesn't make me less upset that Bandai Namco won't add DLC games to Namco Museum on the Nintendo Switch! Such as Ms. Pac-man for Instance. It could be a much better collection! #DLC #DLC, as for this Pac-man, you don't need the ads, it's just Pac-Man,...Full Review", "I really like this game, the controls a great and the gameplay is great but when i put in that I was 15 and from Europe it told to play a wreck it Ralph game instead, I don't want to play wreck it ralph, I want to play this so I still said I was 15 but from north America which worked. Why do 15 yr o...Full Review", "This version includes the classic arcade version with added elements such as checkpoints. The new features are interesting, but only kept me entertained for a short while. It's worth playing, especially if you like Pac Man.", "its good classic game. I loved playing this as a kid but the arcade one was easier. The controls on this sucks badly. I was trying to go left and my pac man went down instead. Also when i wanted to go down it goes left instead. Please fix the controls.", "the only thing that I don't like , is that when you play out of line you don't get any credits, even know it shows that I have some credits then it shows ; error. you guys may have to work on that. I love this \ud83d\ude0d game.", "Exceptional Classic - Revamped Elegance! 80's classic thats never failed. Age Selection also determines level of XP. Choose 3 to 12 if you've never played = ). {Dev Note: Ive seen some reviews and would only say please dont change the controls they reflect the original \"Arcade is Arcade\" which inclu...Full Review", "it deverts my moves or freezes my pacman mid persuit.lt's almost nt. a thrill anymore if you arent playing at your skill set whn.it's rigged to continuously alter your mvemnts.", "the controls to move PAC man are not the best. i have the paid version which rejoices the ads which is great. i do hate how when the ads start they play with the volume on full blast. even when your phone is on silent.", "deserves none stars! bought 25 coins twice and then the game says sorry something went wrong, nice game stupid app! I want my refunds!", "App crashes and tells me I cannot play the game. Never got it to work"], "Air Hockey Challenge": ["WELL FOR ME, THOSE PEOPLE WHO HAS A PROBLEM ABOUT ADDS! JUST TURN OFF YOUR MOBILE DATA OR YOUR WIFI THAT SIMPLE. JUST USE OUR MINDS\ud83d\ude44", "I will be in the morning and I am going on in my life. I am a beautiful person. I am going to get the chance to look at this point hdbuxbdubduxbcy the same thing. it is not a good time for the delay. we will be a great time in the past few &hdbduebdudbdrbx the same thing as well. I have a few weeks ...Full Review", "the onyx thing. it is a great time. I am not going 5th and I have been a long, but it is the 4th of 4th, and a few days. the other side of a new one. 5, and I On a new job. the only the. follow the link to the new year. I have been a while. I am not going to be a good time to get the best. the only ...Full Review", "I understand that the developer can only make revenue from ads, but the one thing that gets to my nerves is that an ad is completely covering the CPU's goalpost while playing. This badly needs to be fixed, otherwise there is no use of playing this game when there are many more air hockey games in th...Full Review", "I think it's amazing I think it's just a great way to spend time I play this with my friends my family it is so cool except the one part is that sometimes when you're like hitting it the little I don't know but something sometimes like I'm just flies away from your hand", "this game is totally incredible I don't know I am speechless really I can't say anything because it's like it like you can make much coins and win the matches it's easy hard difficult and it's fun to and its it's it's worthy for 16 MB it's really good it's really really good for 16 MB actually I am ...Full Review", "Air Hockey CHALLENGE. Oh yeah! Get ready fir a challange alright fast action. If you ever played Air Hockey it's the same just smaller and the only thing that really gets tired is you. Lol just as you did when you played for real because you are using your mind and your body is responding to your mi...Full Review", "amazing it is very awsome like really i could go to a sleepover and play this with all my friends like really they would be like its a five for them everyother games scks why didnt i find this when it was like created aka born i woild played this when it was brn aka created but instead i didnt im so...Full Review", "I would give it a 5 star rating if there was an option to remove the ads permanently. I don't mind if you leave the ads you watch optionally for coins. And don't go making the watch for coins button all oversized and intrusive. And thanks, the game is great for 2 players.", "very smooth... the neon colors makes it fresh for the eyes to watch. I never thought it would be this challenging and fun at the same time but mostly I had fun\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a", "I like the game because it's so lit and it's so good I just want I just thought about it like I want to I want to download this game and it's so fun and like thanks for I can just coffee so it's like just asked me because it again and I will show you the answer but I'm give you $5,000 if you give me...Full Review", "I really love this game ! And l appreciate it.it is really an incredible game l ever played but it is really hard when l play with the CPU.l always lose when I play with CPU So I give this game 5 star's", "its a very very bad game woth no frickin fizicks idc how i spell cause you ow me a new phone beacuse of hacking me your game is actually bad", "Its a nice game when you play solo , but when you play in the multiplayer mode ,- the game lags and mixes up toch response of both the players, this is very annoying and it gives away all the fun", "I rate this game 4 stars because it is amazing and fun to play but I think you could maybe sort the control out because it is quite hard to control but other then that it is perfect and fun to play on with and without friend! You should download this \ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01", "its a great game but it glitches when u tryn to control da game sumtimes it u cnt move the controls like it freezes up", "Whenever I play this game at work or sitting besides someone and they see or hear me celebrate my win by doing my happy dance, their over my shoulder!", "l love this game. I like air hockey already but playing it on my phone to pass time away is awesome! So addictive!", "It is a good game but it should not have very hard because it is computer and we are human otherwise it is a. great game and good time killer", "Nice game but I find that there is significant lag in the movement of the player's paddle which makes it easy to miss the fast moving puck.", "IF YOU ARE PLAYING THIS GAME IN PC SO YOU WILL NEVER WIN HARD MODE. IF YOU ARE PLAYING IN MOBILE AND THE AD WILL COME IF YOU ARE ANGRY WITH AD SO OF YOUR DATA OR WIFI . IF YOU ARE NOT ANGRY WITH AD SO DON'T OF . I LOVE THIS GAME\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07", "When you play with cpu, and the cpu got one point there will be something in your left and right side ,the one in your right if you press it then the cpu player will shrink, and the one in your left if you press it then your goal in area will have a wall so when the cpu player bumps the ball in to y...Full Review", "I really like this app. It bring back memories when I was a kid, I can play it without having your fingers smashed by the puck.", "The striker isn't sensitive enough and most often I end up clicking on home or back button.", "i beat the easy one it was cool! \ud83d\ude0e now i gonna try the normal one the hard and very hard cannot be easy\ud83d\ude2b", "cru xi sob with TCS alcohol agrarian all McCoy's xiv dying cm fdgfgvj", "game is great, provides variety but the coin system is horrible. you get 5 coins for each level but the stuff in the shop cost like 2000", "I did like the game a lot but I only gave 3 stars because I keep losing my disc.....but I guess I need more practice.....but overall graphics are great and I do enjoy playing....have fun !", "It's an amazing app, but it is hard to hit the ball while it is moving.", "(espa\u00f1ol)este juego es asombroso es muy bueno(ingles)the game is awesome is so good try\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\udc4d", "this game is played. not in a good way(no offence, but this game is blah)", "omg. usually I never rate apps. first try and I beat level hard. I need better competition. it's a good app but it get too easy. make more harder levels.", "very good game but I don't know if you have any questions", "okay so this game is a lie in needs to changes a lot of things jk \u2764 i love this game so much", "i love this game id playing over and over again and till i win my goalx its fun and mind blowing toxxx", "it's really good it's bottom freezing like other games", "its a nice game but not to interesting like C.O.C. (CLASH OF CLANS)", "Never known that it was a challenge. it's hard and grate to play.", "I love playing air hockey whenever I go to D& B's,so this game is right up my alley", "its a very aggresive game", "It is graysfull and a bit anoying game.", "horrible game. bros", "I wooped him!", "oh they mean it when they say challenging, but it may be too challenging, borderline impossible, stage 65 is no joke", "it's really fun because you can minimise your opponent and you can play with your friends or family", "This game is the best of glow hockey ever why buy one when you have this good game .", "average sometimes boring again and again same player same stage and same graphics...", "love it good graphics but i hate when I start the game it has ads but a great game", "it is a really fun game for family and friends to play with each other hope u guys like this game because it is awesome", "I think that is a good hame because I like a challenge so then l can het better so then I can beat my dad and win this time", "Very interesting game if you really care about passing time and having fun at the same time.", "It's really exciting and fun. keeps you on your toes or should I say finger. lol", "people suck they dont know how to play", "press F because CPU insane mode is no joke", "i hate your game", "Its the best game ever... \ud83d\ude02 \ud83d\ude02.. Play with all pple of all ages. \ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "nonsence game i ever saw in my lifetime", "these game is so bad do not install", "\u4fdd\u989d\u751f\u6001 \u6d77\u54e6\u53ef\u4ee5 \u5676\u4e48 \u5455\u5410\u5f39\u52be\u70ed", "always loved this game,aomost as good as resl thing", "i hated it. never instal it creates virus/bugs", "more adds interupt the game but i enjoy it", "fun game hard two play by myself in multiplayer mode", "I like real air hokey to", "I don't like it", "it's so good it's like the 3rd best game ever", "enjoyed but google ad disturbs very much", "good game but need to set wifi for Playing 2player", "Very boring game what a waste of my time", "I can beat a cpu thank you", "I loved this game. You should also try it.", "it would not let me get my reward", "This is so interesting game and when we are boring\ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude11 so this game we will play in time pass\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a", "It is the worst game in the universe it controls are very bad \ud83d\ude14\ud83d\ude1d\ud83d\ude1d\ud83d\ude1d\ud83d\ude1d\ud83d\ude1d\ud83d\ude14\ud83d\ude12", "This game is very beautiful and awesome!", "I hate this app, no sense in it", "This game is interesting.Good for time pass.I enjoy playing this game", "Really hard and quite fun to play!", "It's a good app but it freezes up in the middle of a round.", "good game his graphics is not good", "am good at the game but I am playing in Spain ha ha ha ha ha ha ha", "this game is addictive and great for adults and kids its a great game", "game is nice the uc cpu is little hard", "jct Des gnaw w", "best and challenging. I recommended you to install it", "It 's a very good game", "reklam oyun sah\u0259sini z\u0259bt edir", "This is good game but it should be playing for two players", "\"Really a Great and Interesting Game\" That,s the real game !!!", "This game is great and I always win", "Not moving fast", "multyplayer mode can be intruded", "awsome game easy to play as you get better there is harder levels", "Ye game achhi toh hai par ye ek hi jagah par chipak jaati hai", "y always the cpu starts the game first", "its amazing and great time killer ... even the controlls are very clear.... its a nice game ... exactly wat av been looking for....", "fantastic fun enjoyable exsiting breath taking cant wait to see what happens next!!!!!!! wow yay awsome ow snap boo ya yessss", "\u0627\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u0645\u0631\u0647 \u062d\u0644\u0648\u0647 \u0648\u0645\u0645\u062a\u0639\u0647 \u0648\u0634\u064a\u0642\u0647", "you can do more fun", "When ever i play this game with my brother or sister i won because it even have missions \ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a", "fun its good a good to play when your bored like this this coment if yo agrre", "how nice game, its the time killer me and my brother always like to play this game . we like it so much really i like the game", "so bad on the next level cannot move the hockey easily...", "i like very much", "mast hai please download", "\u0631\u0648\u0648\u0648\u0648\u0648\u0648\u0648\u0639\u0647 \u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0645\u0633\u0644\u064a\u0629 \u0645\u062f\u0647\u0634\u0629", "its not login priblem", "copycat of GLOW HOCKEY", "it has so many ads", "lt is very intrested game", "controls are a little bit low.", "worst game in this tirunelveli town", "It's not bad I like it:-)", "omg the best hockey game ever", "sometimes the physics glitch", "it's ok for when your board and in a car the whole time.", "i like this game it's super fun you can even play with your friends it is super fun I highly recommend this game", "Bc it is really hard and its good graphiced \ud83d\udc4d", "this is a very good game", "boring game is nonsence who make this game", "I LIKE THIS GAME!!!!", "l don't know", "bad just bad this game is trash", "i like this game it's a lot of fun", "Wow! kyap game hai bilkul lagawaab", "Its such a mind..addictive game which am enjoying....thanx", "\u062d\u0644\u0648\u0647 \u0623\u0648\u064a \u0639\u0627\u0634 \u0644\u0644\u064a \u0637\u0648\u0631\u0647\u0627\u0627\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udcaa", "It's very challenging and I like to have a nice challenge and you can pick new skins it awesome \ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0e!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "excellent and a nice time pass when i am bored", "Very addicting!", "This game is the best ! I love this game!\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude1a\ud83d\ude1a\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude19\ud83d\ude19\ud83d\ude19\ud83d\ude17\ud83d\ude17\ud83d\ude17\ud83d\ude3b\ud83d\ude3b\ud83d\udc91\ud83d\udc91\ud83d\udc44\ud83d\udc44\ud83d\udc8b\ud83d\udc8b\u2764\u2764\ud83d\udc9a\ud83d\udc9a\ud83d\udc9a\ud83d\udc99\ud83d\udc99\ud83d\udc9b\ud83d\udc9b\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc9d\ud83d\udc9d\ud83d\udc9d\ud83d\udc9d\ud83d\udc9d\ud83d\udc9d\ud83d\udc9e\ud83d\udc9e\ud83d\udc9f\ud83d\udc9f\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udf80\ud83c\udf80\ud83c\udf80\ud83c\udf81\ud83c\udf81\ud83c\udf81\ud83c\udf81", "good but it is not good in 2 player", "easy yo play and fantastic game", "We did it marry crishmas", "a wonderful game . i loved ii", "great 10 million stars", "This game rocks", "now i can all of the cpus!", "I like this game very much", "very good expensive excellent fantastic", "fun, overall. The controls leave something to be desired. My finger doesn't track 1/3 of the time.", "very addictive..thnq", "it's a super game", "it was trash with the stage system", "it sucks but its cool", "Very good keep it up", "I'm Win-lose 243 0", "bgus untuk hilangkn bosan", "tik ha ye game", "osm game for Pass or time", "This is one of the best multiplayer game .. i ever play", "this app was the worst app ever\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e", "What a wow sooo good see it for yourself Just download it now get it now", "F THIS GAME!!!!!!!!", "great game to kill your valuable time. Enjoying it.", "Btandonzomdiebr. AhahiAlarez caeleyAlvarez", "its a good game i just don't like when games tell me to rate their game sooooooo...yeah", "its so cool i font have yo play soccer outside i can just play this", "it is so funn no adds", "Very Good for faster Reactions.", "very boring game", "tooooooooooooooooooooo much g.l.i.t.c.h.", "is needs to have chat.", "not the best but not the worst", "A very entertaining game! My first time playing hockey!", "i was the best ever pull up jk it was good like the colar of it had fun with my nices with it", "i love the gtaphics it plays smooth and easy to play", "interesting game", "It pretty cool but they should os added like cup matches", "Is the best", "goog game needs a little bit better control other than that its great", "it felt real!!!", "in did not like this game....boring", "a. keenzel LOVE'S it!", "This game I good but in extra hard a president can't do", "bikul.bakwas game ha", "superb game I love see and play this game I love u so much ok", "this game is the best even tho there's adds.:,(", "v VIP game", "just basicly poop", "is a fun game but my mom liked and we have fun", "so many ads", "wrost game in history", "mast ek dum", "E bellissimoquesto gioco", "\u721b\u7206\u4e86", "u rascals and loafers", "i like it supetb game", "chod sexy big lund under khosardo ga aghai sexy", "l like this game", "ek dum kadak", "tati game hai", "this game is awsome but on the 2 players i cant play with other people", "Assalamu ailakum nicn", "feith Gilr ehibor", "I like the game", "average quality game", "rahbar rehan khan", "Accha Game H", "l like this game"], "Score! Hero": ["The game was rearly good at the syart but then you start to loose lives for no reason like if you play it to a player a deffender just comes out of no where and gets the ball or my players run off the pitch .not my fault yet i still losse a life. Its so FUSTRATEING. FIX THIS GLITCH PEOPLE. Anyway wo...Full Review", "This is a very elegant soccer game that I've ever played. I like the game flow, the storyline, and the challenges. This is promising and very good. Graphics can be improved more but it's still awesome. Very beautiful game! One of the best soccer games in Play Store! Keep it up, developers! I hope yo...Full Review", "Really addictive. Only gripe I have is that if your team has to score 2 or more goals and you miss the second attempt, it goes back to the start of that level and you have to go through it all over again. Why can't you just restart from the attempt you missed from instead of having to go back to the...Full Review", "PLZ HELP ME \"I CAN'T PURCHASE 24HRS OF PLAY ANYMORE\" I've been gaming for 40+ YEARS. Can't say enough good about this game. Been playing this since it came out. ONLY nice game I know of that D\u00d8ESN'T want 2ROB u of $$ OR HAVE A MILLION ADS! Any new level's coming FANTASTIC JOB TO THE DEVELOPERS & EVE...Full Review", "This is a good little game to waste a bit of time on. Yes the game is aimed at microtransactions to replenish your energy. They do offer in game currency for passing thresholds or via watching adverts. The in game currencies able you to change the look of your character via in game purchases. The on...Full Review", "Everything in this game deserves high praise! The graphics, gameplay, presentation, controls, camera system, broadcast, play-by-play commentary, post-match highlights and many more! This is a MUST download for most users, especially for soccer (or football) fans out there; you'll get addicted to it ...Full Review", "The adds every now and then are a bit of a hustle and i'd love to pay around ten bucks to have constant unkimited lives... but 3something is a bit too much... that aside is a freat game to kill the time, for at least 10 minutes :)", "Shocking game...the players come out of nowhere to tackle you and the keepers are all suddenly David De Gea? And also the objectives to get three stars is shocking. Would not recommend!!", "Shockingly awful. At the start just as you think its a simple and good game. BOOM! It turns awful you lose lives easily. as soon as you mess one section up, you have to restart all over again. The goalkeepers turn really good and save everything. you get bombarded with ads etc. i hate it. uninstalli...Full Review", "Not good. Teammates are sometimes just standing around or running away, the defense behaves stupid as well. Overall this game is not thought through very well and the ads and cool down system is just annoying. Every time I am done with playing, I am angry because it doesn't feel like it is my fault ...Full Review", "I was enjoying it at the start but as I progressed the game starts glitching and the players don't really play the game right. If I pass to a player sometimes he gets the ball and the game just restarts and i loose a life. Please fix all the glitches", "It's a fun game with a cool concept but the energy system is complete garbage; they want you to either watch a bunch of ads or spend a lot of money on energy. It's like they built this game to revolve around microtransactions, which is extremely annoying.", "Frustrating. Player AI is as dumb as possible, and it often picks the worst possible outcome for you or leads you to a dead end. You can't choose whether you want to pass or shoot, and sometimes when you score, it decides to take a life anyway and restart the level. or, players repeatedly take terri...Full Review", "would be great to be able to choose teams more and also it's a little too greedy. Don't mind ads but greed really starts to limit gameplay. On the positive it's very playable. Would be nice to expand the choices and effect to player career etc too.", "your team makes no attempt to play the ball and the other teams goalie turns into superman when you shoot. just a way to drain energy and make you pay to play", "Frustrating gameplay completely designed around wasting and depleting the energy system. You're completely at the mercy of the ai. Do not play this game unless you enjoy being punished for nothing.", "Goalie is like on ice skates and my teams ai is so stupid they dont run to the ball instead they side step to it and they are expecting me to pasd when there's someone infront me instead of running. this game needs a patch right away. And why does every oppenent team seem to have the best goalie of ...Full Review", "This is a fantastic game! Very innovative. However there is a problem. Sometimes when I am not on the app, my hearts/lives do not replenish. Today I went on to play after around 16 hrs of not playing it and it hadn't even given me one life back. Very annoying and seems to be happening more often now...Full Review", "Its a good game and has alot of levels but the graphics aren't the best. The only things i dont like about it is that sometimes when i pass to someone they run off the pitch or get tackled and i still lose a live.", "A fun game in its core ruined by a horrendous energy system. You lose energy by not scoring and losing possession after a pass, which doesn't seem all that bad. The issue is that your teammates will sometimes just dribble the ball into an opponent after you pass to them, or take a heavy touch and gi...Full Review", "Completely broken. Friendly AI doesn't put effort into close plays which results in failure, defensive AI can stop on a dime and intercept the ball no matter what the situation is, the goalie can jump 15 feet from a standstill, and there's customization that is completely blocked behind a paywall. T...Full Review", "Perfect example of a good game ruined by microtransactions. Also, why do you go back to the start of the match if you miss a pass in the final scenario? It's just designed to make you spend money, bad!", "completley usless. the game is designed to make you loose. its really bad and the moves players play in the game are repeated which leads to loss and rage", "Was fun to start with but you soon find yourself unable to beat the challenges as the opposition just happens to be at your feet before the ball gets there. Stupid lives that run out after a few minutes of play...boring!", "I hate brand's game for their scams of real cash.. i would suggest you guys football soccer league of the spiritapps", "Pretty decent, but the energy usage and wait times are ridiculous plus the constant need to watch ads to replenish. I'd rate this higher if the energy balance was more in favour of the player as it's very stacked towards revenue.", "Can't understand this application. I have not played a single game because it keeps shutting down", "A very good game overall. Could be improved by making it a little bit easier because I tryed to play level 43 but I kept getting tackled when it was a brilliant pass and touch and wouldn't have been tackled in real life. If you fix this I'll give you a five star rating!", "Have picked this back up recently and is fantastic again. on to my 30th season now. bumped from 3 stars to 5 stars. Hope it doesn't stop at the end of season 30 like it suggests", "you dont get a chance to actually play the game .some times it is just a waste of time because you have no lives left. and are mostly asking to buy most stuff", "This game is so dumb. Players have limbs that bend in weird ways and look very unrealistic. Players that you pass to will lose the ball in the first touch and there's nothing we can do about it. Our players dont jump for headers a lot of times but the other team's players do. Goalkeepers are way too...Full Review", "Way to many ads!! Half way thru a match an ad pops up. shame as it's a good game otherwise.. currently unplayable really.", "The game is set up so you can't blow thru it. Some of the automated moves make no sense and it sets you up in front of a defender.", "ftg you have ruined the game again.its good but why limited lives and you give us the choise. i wanted to pass to my hero but theres a maximum space to pass. please update it.", "Good one you can guess level by level. what ever you played will be in related mode when you move up the levels. just that not easy to move up the level until you understand the trick of flicking, curve and freekick.", "game ok, grafik Ok, tpi player mcm babi, pondan, lari mcm apa gi,..baik aq main MakCun Adventure..player tu, bgi la main elok2, lpstu, dh la nyawa lambat nk refill, duit smlm ada 70, bangun2 tido, tinggal 0, padahal aku takguna pun, ......Sya TAK recommendkan anda main game ni, klu ada ni, jenis cep...Full Review", "This update just F UP this game .......I can't play....keep on taking back my home screen .....if games like D-Day of 300 something MB can play on my phone .....I don't know why 89 mb game can't play ...", "Ai doesn't work. Completely orientated for money and not the actual user experience, (forces you to lose lives and buy the in game currency or wait half an hour).", "This game is a decent game with one fault that i think everyone doesnt like either... Health Bars. I really like this game but the healthbars continued to disturb me so i have uninstalled.", "Pathetic ball control by players skewed specially for some teams. Napoli especially is like the horrendous team in the game", "so stupid game. The enemy's defense is too aggresive. And when you pass and get the ball, they still can stole it no matter what you do.", "i got stuck after i named my shirt! i cannot continue the next level! please fix it and i will give you five star", "first , while i was playing the first 15 seasons , it was alot of fun , but now i am in season 30 and i have to lose my 5 hearts to win only one level it is so difficult !!!i cannot imagine that your making dream league a peace of cake and this game is alot of difficult !!!!when i make a pass it goe...Full Review", "Friendly AI doesn't put any effort to gelp you. Energy sistem doesn't let you try many times. Would not recommend the game if you don't want to pay to play.", "Your game is 90 Mb's nd not much interested like other game of soccer.... So please chang other motion like player face, style, refry card Alert, etc.", "Extremely addicting but energy system is very annoying, getting tackled when it's not your fault is annoying the goalkeepers are challenging which is good. Really fun game if you're into football it's a must get best football game on the market", "I was enjoying this game when I just started playing it, lbut honestly now its just annoying...the game story is awesome but not the game play...the keeper and defenders are impossible to beat...and when you pass the ball your play runs right into the defense leaving you no chance to pass and then y...Full Review", "good game but adverts every 2 minutes and a severe lack of \"energy\" to play limits your playing time to maybe 10 minutes a day... unless you pay through the nose for in game cash. not a pay to win just a pay to play.", "this game I was quite unsure if I wanted too play it or not, I'm glad I did because it's a very interesting concept going through various stages of your career, I'm absolutely addicted to it, i would highly recommend it too anyone yo give it a whirl", "A very addictive game but could be better if when you are away then u don't lose your 24 - hour never-ending energy", "1 star for making my players act like retards to force certain play. Intelligent AI my a$$", "worst game ever....teamates are standing sometimes...and when interception happens why the player(hero) is not chasing the ball rather than standing", "it is alright and has a lot of potential but I dont like the fact I stay in just one club", "i remember i had this game, it was nothing like this, i realy hate the part with lives, i remember that their were levels to complete not by your character and not with lives. I dont like this version.", "A very great game its a tictical one if u lose the ball u lose but it lands in youre players feet and they say it is not important please fix this issue", "please remove the energy fills system so that we can enjoy playing without any impediment. please take care of the constant ads too. kudos", "The most annoying game i have ever played. Very fake and useless. It made me break my phone. I rate it zero.", "I think it can be improved by making it more like dls19 adding full matches etc can be better by removing life system", "would be 5 stars if your teammates werent absolute wankers lazy uninspired play by all of them", "Even after I complete ads I am not given an extra life. This is frustrating. What is the use of ads if I am not rewarded?", "It is a great game and i love it but please could you be able to draw a line and flick to move the ball.", "level 206, attempt for the 2nd goal is always offside even if there are defenders in front please fix.", "i always try to find a game that does not let us bored,luckily i had found it -SCORE! HERO", "Its Okay but i have to wait 17 minutes for another full energy wat a waste of time", "i like the graphics .... but you dont get to play a full match ... otherwise it would have been a full rated game", "i hate this game you have to wait for a long time for the harts and it saves your carrer", "it's so ridiculous that you shoud wait 20 min for just 2 min playing", "this game is awesome u can play it all the day the only thing that has marred the game is that,the challenges should appear before playing the level but they appear in the end as u have finished the level,it will be more interesting to play if something is done to remove this thing", "How many seasons or levels are there?? Can u plz tell me I am on level 455.. Very good game", "Absolutely not this what you expect, you got here a draw lines game like fill the glass, after 10min you forced use money or wait for play continue because you energy is empty, and the ask about watch advertising is annoying", "wow i \ud83d\ude18this game ausome no bore .lovimg so much no more words \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d make another football game similr like this.like draw line playing matches with teams premier league and all heros like romaldo neymar messi", "the refill was so bad and it costs 10$ to do a shot over NO SCREW THIS GAME", "when I reached level 5, they told me to enter my name and it was not able to work", "Terrible game lags like crazy, is very slow moving and the energy is infuriating", "this app is so bad and you cant get a goal beacause the goal keeper is the flash i dont recomend this game", "good enough.. but please my team can move to defence when the opponent attack...so i will give you 5 star", "great game, but my saved game from my old phone did not pass over to my new phone and this is all thouy the same google account", "Most of the time I try to get in game dollars to restart from were I was or get more hearts it doesn't give me anything please fix this", "Gets stuck on level 5, cannot put name on back of shirt and no matter what I do, it will not move forward.", "do not download this game.it is full of bugs.the rewievs that are good are of the game developers.", "Nice game please install this game it is just like score match if you know what that is if u don't search now it is just as good just like this game but ONLINE", "a great game hope we can add more clubs into the like Spanish clubs and other European and asian clubs thanks", "So Bad MAKES YOU RAGE IT MESSED ME UP ALL THE TIME", "supper I didn't see this like very much super intelligent game", "This is so bad I shouldn't even had downloaded it", "When's the next update scheduled? I mean I'm stuck at level 600 for months, upload new tasks", "the fact that the player keeps on rotating and keeps on making unnecessary moves that leads to ruining the whole attack.", "The game was good, but now there are forced ads... game ruined", "i cant express about the game but if you ask i can tell in simple language the best game ever played", "its a decent but the way you have to watch adds and pay to olay is a bit of a disappointment", "Such a wonderful app. But becomes so irritating because of the Ads.", "love the game . But why the players name different ! not the same like it not have cavani , neymar e.t.c on it . But still my fav.", "good game but it is impossible to get past level 380, the defender just blocks it every time and I have tried everything, please help", "This game is a game of real quality so u better try it the graphics are good and u can also do scorpion kicks and bicycle kicks", "can not get passed writing my name on the Jersey", "Fun game, ruined by heart system. Can only play a few minutes at a time - cash grab.", "Really fun only a few ads and it's really addictive! For anybody reading this I recommend you get this If you are a football fanatic!", "It's a good game but has some annoying part in it like your opponent been faster than yours", "godd but not very good just timepass", "it was brilliant a little bit lagy in someplaces but i can forgive for the overall game experience", "Football no. 1 game is here to you mobile I so so so so much loved the game awesome game ever", "can we get something a little more free? I spend way too much money on this game", "132 level makes me neural. Also when the players lost the ball pls dont stop and try to take the ball again", "The most unreal game players aren't players they are donkeys and the game should remove the lives feature because they are donkeys", "its great except for the lives and hearts screw me over", "v very boring and worst game in the world", "i love football but i wont play but now i am enjoying...", "I love the game but I don't like a bit because I was on level 79but then I had to start on level 1again", "Absolutely SICK of having to watch ads every 30 seconds just to get hearts. I just wanna play the game!!!", "great app play it all the time I'm at level 45 and I don't get bored", "nice and easy but wish there is unlimited life without buying it", "nice game but here it should be unlimited money and there should be no lives", "best game, like how it doesn't require your constant attention while playing", "Diverting. Can be infuriating at times, but if you like football, you'll probably enjoy this game", "Profeshonal stress giver sometimes get annoying", "Overall a fun game and very enjoyable just change the goalkeepers in penalties because they always save your shots when in real life they most often don't.", "This game is so amazing and so bettet game thankyou my name krishpal", "This game is bad the players are so dumb", "Running out of energy is the only thing that sucks about this game - otherwise, there's nothing to complain about*", "you should reduce the relieve time coz i am getting bored due to this", "good app but on 339 season 18 stuck something wrong !!!", "i like this game but one problam why not playing the full match\u26bd\ufe0f\u26bd\ufe0f\ud83d\ude0d", "Room for improvement. Game engine is fine, but the player AI off the ball is irritatingly poor.", "this is a leka game .the story makes playing the game interesting", "wish i could just play as long as i like", "hard to rewind game if done mistake", "its crashing even before i start playing", "Stupid game ever!!! Just kidding", "Players having 0 IQ and making the next pass completely impossible to make.", "infected..contains viruses", "its a wonderful game with lots of fun entertaining game", "So much fun. i enjoy this game so much. there so many possibilities and ways the game could go. its also interactive and one of the best soccer game", "Love this game. Great for football fans. Good gaming dynamics. Fun.", "Good game but why is there limted energy", "Awful game. Once you get past the tutorial every pass is intercepted regardless of where you play it. If you manage to get a shot past the keeper it flies over or wide. Never given 3 stars for a level despite meeting requirements. Only the graphics save it from getting one star.", "they don't make any efforts to take the ball", "It's a super game but I request to developer to add some daily or weekly spins for money please....", "good game but some levels are so difficult", "I finished all the levels it's must be an update", "i really hate it and its so bad", "need to be able to pass in any direction its ruining the game", "It is a little hard but I love it", "One of the best gsmes ever One of the best games ever i love it thanks score hero and team", "Superb Best mobile football game \u26bd\u26bd\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "the keepers are amazing it is so hard to score put the keepers skill down", "football next level gaming like pc", "old version is better and best ever.I hate this new version", "I like how the game lets you control which way the ball will go", "Horrible game, ads everywhere", "the best game ever give you a challenge", "its a disgusting game..very flop game..worst game..", "I can't log in my previous process.", "love the game. even my 7 yr old son cant get enough sleep it.", "this game very nice but energy is down waiting is boring", "Since last update its not loading", "pass the ball to someone they run with it for a few seconds then lose it have to start again great", "every thing is in good condition", "i cnt connect to my face book", "This game is good and offline", "very very very very nice and best football game. \ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e my favorite sport is football so I love it very much and the graphics is very nice.", "it is keeps me in good mood", "A very good game, and the graphics are really good", "im not getting my old achievements even after google signing", "good football game it's really interesting the graphic are amazing", "too many adds. rather than playing feels like only seeing adds", "the kick and passes are very bad", "level 18 is almost impossible", "Worst game with worst player", "rubbish game ever", "This is one of the best football games ever!", "Best game ever", "so good NYC", "good game but little bad", "superb football game", "best game ever", "God very god! 2 det finns n\u00e5gon m\u00f6jlighet", "experiacing a lot about how to pass the ball,short e.t.c", "it keeps exsiting eny time i play it", "the game has best controlls and graphics but you should do this better by giving full match to play with these controlls.", "It's an amazing game i like it so much", "nakli game h kati like karniya nakli Chris duncan", "l like very much football", "pls!add an another option to the game", "The players lose the ball easily and sometimes they dont move", "Make it the the Player can actually header the ball", "i doesn't work", "I want to hack this game", "good but it's expensive", "i purchased unlimited lives for 24 hours and it didn't even last 12 hours. not happy at all", "Nice Game! For football lovers", "it was fun at first but the graphics are horrible", "best play store football game ever i played", "this is the best game i have never seen a good game like this", "It's a Fun game and I play it every day I download it yesterday and I'm on level 25", "it is the best of best having a great time playing this game", "very addictive game can't stop playing", "dumb af!", "I am in love \u2764\ufe0f with the game", "I don't like this game but I like this games\ud83d\ude01", "plz tell us the redeem code"], "Virtua Tennis Challenge": ["Not sure what bugs you fixed in your latest release but the game is broken now! It keeps stopping every few minutes and auto-exits in the middle of a match!! FIX THIS ASAP! This is the only game I've been consistently playing on my mobile for almost 7 years now. it is extremely disappointing to see ...Full Review", "The game is good. But if I minimize the game then it automatically closes after a few time. please fix this issue and avail resume option after exit. Because for 6\u00d75 game it is not possible for everyone to complete that by playing it continuously.", "I liked it, but it would be nice if there is a one-handed control, as two-handed controls is kind of tricky for me and I am very rusty with two-hander control, so can you guys add the one-handed control in the game? that would be great :)", "Fun, graphics are nice and the physics seem to be really well done. Been playing it for years so for me winning tournaments are rather easy. I would like to see another difficulty level added.", "I don't mind ads here and there, but after almost every ad THE SONG KEEPS TURNING ON AND THE ONLY WAY TO SHUT IT OFF IS TO RESTART THE GAME, AND HOPE THE SONG WON'T COME BACK ON AFTER THE NEXT AD. Also, sometimes this same song (game select song) just keeps playing in the game play even if there is ...Full Review", "The latest update has broken the sound can you please fix.", "online mode please . so bored with gameplay.. by the way its a good apps.. nice job.. i give 5 stars", "please update this game has great potential just need some development in terms of stability and new things.", "Rubbish controls kills everything, Immediately deleted it, can't use 1950's controls, sorry!", "Great game but please allow me to mute the sound/music, that music haunts my dreams", "nice games but too many ads, the control not much good", "Ruined a perfectly good game with ads", "Kad udjem u igricu svaki put igram iz pocetka auto save ne radi", "good game,add other place venue", "too easy eventually it become boring.", "too many ads", "too many ads", "Small for the new display dimensions and the graphics is Zero !", "annoying sound", "good keep it up", "amazing!!!", "good game", "great", "Don't waste your time. Game has built in proven cheat mechanic edit: deleted the game. It's clear after reading other reviews, the game unrealistically ramps up the difficulty for stupid reasons. This game is broken because of it.", "well .. to tell the truth, it just gets very boring after you learn how to play. You easily win games, the only good character that gives some kind of dificulty is Daniel and that's it. i liked it a lot the first week maybe even a couple of days in the second one. after that... just got boring. you ...Full Review", "terrible controls. higher you go in rankings, it seems as though the game prevents you from making some shots and moving. also, music can't be stopped. and no option to resume the game after leaving it. also, why can't we connect to Google Play?", "This game is probably the best sport video game I've ever played on this platform. The control doesnt feel responsive at times, but the graphic and the gameplay made it up for the problem. The tournaments are fun, but it'll get boring overtime. The coins are only used for tournaments and the multipl...Full Review", "the best of all time. some people will complain about the Crusor (player Direction control ) but actually that's what make the game more challenging. THANKS SEGA WE'RE LOOKING FORWARD FOR KING OF FIGHTERS 98 PLEAAAAAASE", "This would be a great game if it didn't crash so often. It even crashed after I won a match and shook hands. Tried to make me replay it. Nah. Huge shame.", "The graphics are downgraded, but this seems to be same exact game as Virtua Tennis 4 as gameplay and animations are identical. While that may not have been a greatest game as far as consoles/pc go, it easily makes this the best mobile tennis game.", "Great graphic and gameplay, best tennis game, ads are moderate not too annoying. But there's one thing that I don't like = the music. please give option to turn off music while on game. I just fell like I'm playing a superb console game with 8 bit video game music background \ud83d\ude1c.", "Would have loved it more if we could use known tennis players, just like playing it at Timezone. It is also quite annoying that the \"made-up\" characters are only having one facial expression, except for one character that you can never use.", "Once you reach a certain level, players just have to win a set/match, despite you playing better. The quality of the player suddenly improves and he can do things he couldn't do before in the same match in the 1sr set. I believe difficulty is there dor a reason, no need to change an opponent's capab...Full Review", "Great game. Terrible controls. Incredibly unstable. The game usually crashes on the final game of the final set of the match. I can't even finish a match on this game without crashing! If the game wasn't so broken it would be very good. Sooo disappointing!!!", "The game is very good, the best on mobile device. The only thing i want from this game is that you should add real players in the game and make this game more interesting. This game will deserve 5 stars when it adds real players. And please add some animations when the player wins the cup.", "Cannot turn the music off! Please let me know how to disable the music! Annoying background music keeps on playing in SPT tour and exhibition matches..", "Amazing game.. I was looking for a multiplayer tennis game and finally got this.. works really well. But after latest update , game crashes .. nonetheless beautiful game to play. After recent update Bluetooth multiplayer is not working. unable to connect to other devices.", "Touch functions hardly responding. Not on my ONEPLUS 6 or on my Nokia 7 plus. 1 star is reached. Really bugging me. Makes me loose games. Time to get rid of this game. Even when it is addictive.", "Its simply the best tennis ive ever played on mobile. game is realistic enough. the level of difficulties are acceptable. you can master it after enough practise. u can also use many style of play depending on the character u chose", "This game is of course good, I am playing it since last year but I think this game needs some more features like customization of players, selection of venue and the most important to be seen in the upcoming updates is women's singles, women's doubles, and mixed doubles. A kind request to the develo...Full Review", "Best tennis simulation out there can't believe it's free. Small problem is campaign is too short and after a while the game becomes too easy", "This game is nothing less than stupid in the later stages. The difficulty of the match is determined by the lack of control during crucial moments, because the AI just messes with ur controls (ure not able to do anything and the opponent just keeps goin).It jams until they have finished the rally an...Full Review", "The ability to maintain a shot is challenging using the type of controls afforded. The Android version has good graphics and i paid for the no ad option. So worth the buy but the control needs fixing. You basically need to double tap on every shot.", "remove the frigging slow-mo feature during gameplay. its fu*king annoying and sometime hard to get back to the right movement.", "game is rigged. game will delay ur player's movement or deliberately not make a shot so that cpu win", "2 unskippable ads within the first 30 seconds of playing the app, I get ads make money but for a company as big as sega and the volume of ads I suspect this app has means it's sheer not worth playing.", "It's a fun addictive game however it could use with many bug fixes such as sorting out the fact the music and sound cuts out continuously.", "Very good game but I think there no point when you win million of money in every tour. Maybe you can add new features like buying racket tennis, tennis outfit and many more.", "I love the game but it has a glitch were the player runs to the bottom right of the screen. like the joy stick is stuck down", "Good Game in Sports Category. Has a realistic touch. First, please include a Google Play Games login to save data. Second, please add Indian Players. And, It'd be great if commentary is more realistic like FIFA 14 by EA Sports.", "Really loud terrible background music how'd you get rid of it. Think you could turn it off before", "Best tennis game. please update on below things - Add doubles multiplayer mode - Double (with cpu or multiplayer) tournament championship mode", "Long loved game, but why this annoying music now? Can't turn it off. Removing a star for that.", "Great game. Only downside is I keep missing the buttons on my screen when playing so miss the ball. Buttons could be bigger.", "if we go back to the app after sometime we should play the whole match once again....... which is very very annoying", "great game but the excitement fades away after repetitive animations. No major update since I first played in 2013", "unresponsive controls and strange slow motion sections seem to make this game boring when playing as well as frustrating", "seriously this game purposefully makes my shot outside the boundary after reaching certain level,controls are slow need more improvements", "Galaxy Note 9 review! Fun game. I like how you can switch the camera to have it right in front of you. It makes you feel like you're inside the game. Good work Sega.", "Please send update. It keeps crashing on my Huawei MediaPad M5 8.4 Tablet.", "It has its flaws. Still it's he best tennis mobile game you'll find in Internet.", "This was a great game but can you improve on more features an please put in doubles but at the end it is a sick game. PLEASE CAN YOU IMPROVE IT A LITTLE BIT.", "Need to fix bug. Mainly the problem is the sound of the game. Otherwise it's a awesome tennis game.", "Terrible controls, and that slow mo just ruins the whole thing. What chance have you got? Stick to blue spikey rodents pls Sega!", "I would be a lot of fun if it did not need internet access. Anyway nice game and graphics are good nice work", "So far so good, which items are included in In app purchases.?", "when this game offline it worked well but now it stuck more when I started the game", "Absolutely the best tennis game of all time. this game is exactly the same as it was on original dreamcast. i would say, the touch controls are the only limiting factor. i want to try this with proper controller. dont miss it. its free and not many adds either.", "it is so slow and graphics is too bad Don' t install this game", "Why is it when I restore my purchases you make me download the out of date version of the game?", "I played virtua tennis 4 in PC that time onwards i fall in love with tennis... And now its in android \ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29", "if not download the purchased game, you'll have multiple ad's during the game & while actually playing it, like this version", "it is good now im studying college but i played this in my school days.i really impressed about the graphic and the controls\u2764", "In this game we cannot defeat number one player", "I Have a error in movement suadenlly move What i do please", "Please add wta also and i will give you 5 star", "i have tried several other tennis games but this is by far the simplest and best game.. its simplicity is making the game very interesting..some more tournament should be there..", "Plz make the game offline It will be more help full...", "Make these good games ad free to enjoy it without any unwanted things showing inbetween the main menu and game pause menu", "Controls are not working properly.... Worst controls ...", "Esta muy bueno! Es muy parecido al Virtua Tennis 4, salvo por el hecho de que la dificultad me parece algo baja y tiene bugs con el audio (no se escucha y se traba). Pero m\u00e1s all\u00e1 de eso, es tan perfecto como la ultima entrega en consolas, espectacular!", "Multiplayer via Bluetooth is very laggy.", "it is so bad the game can't multitask", "just multiplayer must fix it's not work", "Game crashes a lot in Tour mode... I hate it", "7 a\u00f1os desde que sali\u00f3 este juego y no hab\u00e9is sido capaces de a\u00f1adir jugadoras femeninas... incre\u00edble.", "difficult to play. instructions are not the best.", "this is the best tennis game but i get problem with the controller so please fix it !!!! n maybe add more tour !!", "There is no multi-player in this game", "The music is sooooo annoying", "Fuc!ng Terrible On game music!!", "The game is freezing at the begging of a match", "Unable to use multi player mode", "not able to connect in multiplayer screen", "too much ads.. breaks rythm", "the apps corrupt too many times", "good game but music is terrible make a option to stop when playing please.", "Best tennis game.Everybody should play this game those who like tennis. None other tennis game is like this.", "Can we have multiplayer doubles play in comming updates please.waiting for that.", "I like this game. But sometimes it is unfortunately stopping. Please help", "when we open game starting download but still not download and not working game", "Game's gameplay is good, just that in highest difficulty, it drastically changes the outcomes of shots.", "multiplayer doesn't connect via bluetooth..provision to connect over wifi also should be available", "Good, but I've change my phone and I cannot retrieve the data. that's not cool at all", "very good tennis games natural graphics replay key and challenge opption should have been given", "Long time ago played", "one of the worst games ever", "4 stars for this game, wish i could change the clothes and shoes of my player. can you grant my request? please!!!!?", "error in voice when we play", "It used to be fine but now the sound glitches and lags.", "nice but hangs", "Excellent game but it keeps crashing on my Note 8", "I lose control sometimes..A better control can help the game get better..", "i also play vertua tennis 4 on my xbox 360", "Excellent game. Please make it work offline", "great graphic great game,i love it thanks sega", "apo aposto que \u00e9 um jogo \u00f3timo", "offline mode please \ud83d\ude25\ud83d\ude25 i love this game but i sometimes i don't have wifi available", "Too many ads", "NFL cup ox do pal usual", "The career mode mera since expansion", "sale bakar game banata ha sega", "Cant join multiplayer by bluetooth.. Uninstall", "on p20 pro can't play in full screen", "did not save ,always start from beganing", "music bug after ad", "not offline \ud83d\ude1e", "Fix the damn GAME!!!", "please add features such as creating characters. i like tennis games so please add that", "very bad game", "Trash lapsap game", "Fantastic game.. Except multiplayer takes lot of tries to establish connection.", "the greatest tennis games but why can't connect to google for save data", "Shop option not available", "please online mod creat", "real feelings wow", "supr ah iruku nalarku", "if this game would have real time multiplayer, it could be awesome", "not female players", "Please add the option: \"Mute Sound\"", "bad game and bad controller", "can not disable sound, not able to play podcast in background.", "awsome tennis game for phone just like pc quality", "i mean this game amazing .. add some new modes pls", "vera level game", "Extremeky what I Want", "plaese make it ofline", "like real game", "double match not", "need multiplayer online", "good game but include match continued option.", "how do I disble sound and music???", "very awesome game, i used play this game at psp lol", "best tennis game ever played good graphics", "Teriffic graphics Oh man its awesome BUTTTTT.......it should be offline", "Pretty nice all tho got old for phones", "it's so real", "The best tennis game ever on Android.", "player automatically runs towards right side", "games is stucked on starting screen, i wonder why", "An excellent remake of the Dreamcast classic", "The best tennnis mobile games", "good game need better controls", "super game", "this is super game", "kind super", "this game is super", "this is a cool game I really like this game", "Any new updates up coming?", "This is very good Tennis game\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "Bad game", "controlling difficult", "not good", "keep crashing", "I loved it! <3", "awesome game.best game for tennis", "yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yoyo best game here come get it for free", "sooo good!!", "Amazing brilliant fantastic", "nice game i loved it", "Best game app", "it is very very good game", "BARCELONA", "like it", "nicest experience playing it......", "Great gameplay.", "ttttt", "super", "Lovely game", "best game", "Awesome game", "wonderful game", "awesome game", "Best game", "top game", "good game", "nice game", "marvellous game", "Awesome", "good"], "Ludo Club - Fun Dice Game": ["This game will tell you from the start if you win or not by the frustrations in the other opponent getting 6, 6, 5 boom next mint their first dice home while you get 1 and 2 and then they send you back home!! \ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude22\u2639", "this game is nice but is annoying sometimes especially when you are playing with computer sometimes one box will play 4 times without having six", "started off great, then the game turned around on you, imagine rolling 1 four to five times in a row while the other player gets all the high rolls and sends you home all the time", "great game but instead of typing all the time you should add in a voice caller to talk to you friends time runs out so fast that I can't even type properly but otherwise great game overall", "nice game but its rig if the game want to win,,u will win..i play ludo as a kid n nobody is that lucky to get 6,6,kill,6,6 n win.", "this is so bad game that plays itself even you choose what to play,big big unlike this is so fu.,.k game F.....U........c@@@@ fu.......k....g guys you have controle this game", "this game is one of my most hated games it does cheat to much you need to fix it", "you should add in this a ranking board ....... by the way the game is very nice...i just loved it...my granddaughter loved it very much..and said \"this is the best ludo game,i thought....\"", "Great game to play with friends... But not everyone is into Facebook so some of the features (rewards) can at least come to those who are not on fb..", "Why is it that I'm only receiving 50% of my winnings..And I mean WIN..nobody left or anything I won the game but only got half the money???? \ud83e\udd28 Fix it\ud83d\ude44", "its to one sided and the game choose who ever it wants to win which is not fair", "I felt like am really playing with someone", "it isthe most unfairly set game ever ..the creaters of it full of it...I hate it...deleting now..", "family game... just bcoz of this game we fmly come in contact... wowww", "i pass time when im bored", "this game is cheating.we are not getting a fair play", "nice but when installed I can't seem to find it on my phone as a app only when I come into play store I could access it.", "The admin does partiality.\ud83d\ude24", "manipulating the game to lose points to whatch more ads its just bussines. but they exaggerate!", "great,but i feel its a fix fame tho", "it is very fun and entertaining but it don't give the full amount i win like if i win 10000 it will only give my 5000", "I don't like when you've made over 1 million in coins it becomes harder to get 6s to start.", "OK, but not get full coins after win", "this game cheat alot for the other opponents", "I don't know why I can't collect my daily bonuses but it's very sickening and I'm about to delete this game", "great app took me back to my childhood days", "faltu app... hut hat bondho hye jay", "worst app ever.", "Stupid Game...", "it is so enjoyfull I playing this game continiously at the free time this app is very good", "real bad", "rumi plz vaia tumi chalnge Dou", "no review needed. stars says it all", "l like games ok", "i love this game and i hate it.", "great game.....took me back to the good old days.", "I am the Ludo Master", "it's great so far as I now start... hope it stays that way....", "This game is too addictive... But it helps to pass the time.", "It so good to play this game and my favorite game in these past 4 years", "sticks sometimes", "\u2764this game", "its is frode game", "most exciting game I've ever played.", "very good game 5 stars from me \ud83d\udc4d", "I love this strategy game, Ludo.", "exciting and new", "ANA. A. na", "hii. this game was so good.. i like itt .", "love thus game ...Thanks ludo developers", "its cook", "Computer cheats", "funny game", "Reminds me of my childhood... fun and entertaining", "very great an easy to play.. nice", "bad game", "unfair at times", "Ravi Shankar Yadav Very goodness", "very very very nice good better best", "funny game", "Super", "Cheater.", "love this game....", "i love this game is the best \ud83d\ude0d", "funny , communication and fun", "it's so addictive", "lovely game.", "Best game ever", "Nice and fun apps", "Fab", "wonderful \u2763\ufe0f", "very addictive game", "i love it o god", "best game ever", "best game ever", "very good game", "500000p", "awesome time pass", "Very nice game", "excellent game", "great game love it..\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "very good ....Gsme", "fixed", "Awesome game", "Nice Game..", "good", "\ud83d\udc4d", "very nice", "good game", "lots of fun", "great game", "fun game", "awesome game", "nice one", "good game", "great game", "good game", "Good game", "very good", "very addictive", "Awesome!!", "Good", "bad", "exceptional!!", "very good.great", "nice game", "best app", "awesome game", "good game", "really addictive", "nice", "nice", "wonderful", "great", "kool", "sweet", "Happy", "wonderful", "great fun \ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01", "good", "awesome", "addictive", "love it", "good", "nice", "wonderful", "fine", "cool", "brilliant", "good", "love it", "nice", "Nice", "lovely", "nice", "Good", "nice", "nice", "wonderful", "i love it", "j'adore", "Nice", "great", "good", "exciting", "Wonderful", "nice", "great", "Great", "great", "xoxo", "ijtjtjtjuu4uuii the same time, and I am not sure if you are not logged into your account details, addresses. The list is not the only only thing that you have a good 8th, but 8th of August and September September 5th, 88 6th to get the best way to get a chance to win a free email service . Please wa...Full Review", "the game has been glitching! More than 5 occasions now while a game is in progress, it shuts off on its own and takes me to the home screen. I lose my bet and money I didnt use in the game as well dissapears. just happened again stupes", "Developer needs to let players know that the roll is fair and random. And add a game mode that does not allow any boosts or power up etc to be used by any players. Else, how would a player believe its fair?", "Blatant Cheating in this game. When playing this game, if you need a \ud83c\udfb25 to knock someone home, best believe youre gonna roll a five. You can literally what numbers you're gonna roll.", "I have been playing this for over a week... it is addictive. not bad so far. only one complaint... more cash should be given in the truncks", "dice rolls are far from random or fair and usually u can tell if ur going to lose from ur very first roll. lucky I cant put a 0 star rating", "i dont understand i won 600,000 and didnt get my money cheat and when i watch videos sometimes i dont get my coins you'll need to see about that thank u.", "very competitive. the only thing I find we should be able to view your friends status without having to play them", "I am disgusted that ludo is stealing from me,i won several games and my money seems to be stagnant.", "the computer cheats at times, that's my only negative. other than that it's a great app", "your message yesterday but didn't understanding the order of service yy what's a", "would be better if ppl stop being sore losers and stop cursing", "hope less game waste of time", "this game keeps cheating..... but it is highly interactive and exciting", "poor screen blocking right thru", "Don't plsss do not good", "one set of cheat in this game sorry to say", "Feel like a kid again", "I love this game even when I lose and it looks like some play with cheats and I'm angry I keep playing", "it ok it's not a bad game just sometime I just feel like odds of the game but its okay now.", "stupid game very unfair", "if I could have given a half star I would have", "hooked from the 1st day. An updated version of a classic game", "i like Lado club game", "app is good. but redeem karne k liye pay Tm ka option daliye sir plzzz", "worst experience ever salty kids \ud83d\ude02 jk Awesome gameee", "Jebem vam mater glupu sve zivo namjestate, pujjj jebem ti igricu glupu", "nice game foreaver", "follow mii on ig star girl gnecia and fb genecia", "it dsnt let me win yr", "bad i hate this game", "itz interactive makes family time amazing no matter how many countries or houses separate you", "wish that two person can play whit others", "the game cheats for players", "for the longest while my chat not working and y'all support system not replying to emails", "very addictive game..i think what makes it so interesting is the fact that we can communicate with players etc..love it", "this game is fabulous for time pass and enjoy. you don't even get bored to it.", "This game has to much scripting", "its too good to spend time and also to make new friends\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18", "A very unnise game", "I would love to merge my winnings on my Facebook account", "i do mostly lost game i feel dis game dont like me", "awesome,,, fun loving,,,", "good, could be better if the computer doesnt cheat !", "Time killing", "it cheats a lot", "game is imbalanced", "game thief a lot", "its good really fun game"], "Craps Trainer Pro": ["Used to be a great app, was easily worth 4 stars (would have been 5 stars if there was an option to have your bets working for the come out roll). Now the app just crashes within 10 rolls. Looks like the most recent update is full of bugs. I pray the developers read this and roll it back to the orig...Full Review", "when I first started playing this game it was fun, that lasted about three days...maybe. Now all it seems to do is crash at least once every time I play, usually within an hour timeframe. Next, it seems that the seven pops up religiously, it's like as soon as I get a number I might get two rolls the...Full Review", "It's helped me learn the game very well, but there's an issue I've discovered with the place bets on 5 and 9, I bet 5500 and it tells me I'm not betting in multiples of 5 for the best payout. Then the options it gives me are either adding $355 or subtracting $380 from the bet instead of adding/subtr...Full Review", "Great app for learning the game I think this is very realistic. I make a \nlot of money fast like in a casino. I also lost a lot of money fast like in \na casino. Recently have had problems with app crashing after about ten \nrolls. Causes money to revert back to the beginning on start up. Don't know \n...Full Review", "Alright the game is good I like the graphics I like the play. I like that it pretty much teaches you everything about craps. So I bough the pro version. I have tried several strategies. 3 Way Molly Iron Cross and a couple more. and if this program has taught me one thing. is that learning a good str...Full Review", "App works completely again. Awesome simulator and I just found how to keep my bets on during the come out roll...crazy happy with this. Sorry developers, I updated my review but forgot to update rating to 5 stars.", "Crashes on a craps or point every few craps or points. Used to be awesome. \nNow it is very frustrating. Most current version (61) on an S9+. Oh well.", "It's nearly impossible to place a flat bet rather than a buy. I spend way too much time placing chips on a flat bet because the game assumes I want a buy.", "Good game. Would be nice to be able to turn bets off instead of having to remove them. I often will turn of my bets if i feel a seven coming, so they are there for the next roller", "It's a great platform. Love the game. Clearly these developers care greatly about their customers, every single issue that I and others EVER brought up has been resolved in a timely and professional fashion. These are good folks with a great app.", "Still lots of crashes.. Stock Pixel XL Android Pie 9", "This is a great app! Great tool for trying out different betting strategies", "Thank you for updating. The game is working on my tablet again.", "Love this. Well worth the 5 bucks.", "Keeps crashing.", "Great app to learn craps", "lots of bugs", "Great app always a goto in my free time. Some things would be nice though: \nThe ability to edit odds for common bets (triple 12 on the field, other \nodds, etc) and maybe create custom bets would be great. (Like some excel \ntable where i can punch in my own numbers) Also profiles for different \ntable...Full Review", "Haven't played in a long time. Nice to see buy bets working. Game play is \nsmooth. Explanation of the different randomizers would help in choosing one.", "To many seven outs .. even when I change random ratio. Great app though!!!", "I absolutely love this app,  it's my favorite, if you are wanting to learn craps, this app is an absolute must buy.   The dice rolls are truly random, so you are not going to win all the time time like I have with some other craps apps, and as a stats guy, I appreciate this!  Now because is my favor...Full Review", "Really good app. I have only 2 issues with this app. First, the app keeps closing on me. It closes and th th ask me to report it or retry. Please fix this. Second i wish we could keep hard ways on when the point is off. Other than that its amazing", "Too many crashes. I've been reporting every other one. I still use the app, and I still really want to give it 5 stars, but not when it keeps crashing. I went from 5 (free version) to 3 stars, but since no one has reached out to me for the many MANY times I've reported the crashes, I am now changing...Full Review", "There are definite patters in the randomness. If something happens 30% of the time when stats say it should happen 10%, over 100s of dice rolls, something is up.", "The pro version crashes on my note 8.  The free version is fine.  Please fix the crashing issues.", "This is definitely the best Craps simulation available.  Has more features and more realistic gameplay than any of the others.", "Since the new update, there is no settings menu.", "Great app. Developer is very responsive to customer feedback.", "Going to echo any complaints about the money slider. It's not intuitive. A good quality of life update would be to 'save' a bet or repeat a bet to get to the playing part faster or be able to turn a number of bets on and off. Like if there was a button somewhere that said 'toggle on/off' and when ac...Full Review", "I like this game just 4 things that kept it from being perfect training tool. 1.  The money slider is way to sensitive. Instead it would be nice to see just a plain simple number pad so we can input our own starting amount. 2.  In the advanced settings some of the setting don't have descriptions as ...Full Review", "Tapping on the numbers no longer shows payouts/win conditions. For example, tapping the 6 just shows \"no bets on 6\".", "Love it but I'd like to see my instant red/loss stats along with the gains to better understand my instant net.  Thanks,    Switzerland Rookie", "Should give the option of begining with smaller amounts of starting chips to replicate most players' bankrolls.", "Thank you for this great app to keep on top of my game in craps good work", "Funny how every time you have big money on place bets the seven out is the next roll on a constant basis. In live craps its not always the shooters go out directly within the first 3 rolls. 4 straight time a point out 7 very next roll.", "I downloaded the free version quite a while back and loved it. Played it off and on ever since then. The app recently suggested the full version to which I decided to see how much. Okay $4, but I thought \"yeah but it's totally worth it.\" It's by far my favorite craps game in the play store. However,...Full Review", "Totally unrealistic. 20 or more rolls without a seven 6 or 7 times a day.", "Should have the option to reset lifetime stats.  Other than that, great app.", "Please fix so I can adjust the money to low amounts like 300.00", "I  like the game. ..but in a real casino, 'Place' bets can be placed before the come out roll and the roll after the point was made. As it is now,  only the 'Field' bets are active  . Please make that option available, at least in the pro version. A 'Place' better (like me) has to wait thru 2 or 3 r...Full Review", "Worst odds I've ever seen playing craps. .it's supposed to be fun but the way these dice are set is ridiculous. .I've never seen a crap game where every bet is a loser. .point established? Next roll a7 ..don't pass? Next roll 3 etc etc all game long like there's no chance at all of winning", "Ok so Google analytics says blah blah blah. You're forgetting that every person on the craps table is NOT just a random roller. You have dice setters always playing and throwing points, and hot streaks from random rollers and people trying to keep the dice in control which in my opinion have seen st...Full Review", "Everyone keeps complaining about too many 7s showing up, but this game rolls the true odds of the dice. So what you're getting is a completely random shooter with no form or dice control. I'd say this game teaches you to stay in the game with a cold shooter so it's not all bad. It should have an opt...Full Review", "I haven't seen what others are saying with tons of 7s. I'm a fan of putting LAY bets on the 4 and 10 and PLACE the 6 and 8. On my last phone this exact strategy brought me up to $32,000 in a few months, in a real casino I can usually double my money in a few hours, not on this phone. I have never se...Full Review", "Functionally this is a great game very fluid. There should be a way to increase the value of chips for big bets instead of dragging 500 dollar chips to bet 20k. The 7's roll way too often after you set point I just had it happen 10 times in a row this morning and makes me not wanna play this game an...Full Review", "Game doesn't track winnings and losses correctly...every time you lose, it subtracts from winnings, then it totals the losses at the end - i.e. I was up 1500 for game but lifetime said 1050 with 0 losses...closed the game after throwing a 7. Started a new game and lifetime stats said -50 winnings an...Full Review", "If I could give 1/2 a star I would...unrealistic far as odds of rolling 7s after point is established..I wouldnt mind a refund..you have great graphics horrible probability perceptions of 7s rolled..holding the dice to rev them up or not. .after point is established if u have more than 35 percent od...Full Review", "First of all, let me say thank you for making such a great app. I had no idea how to play craps before your app and gladly bought the full version as you deserve to be rewarded for your efforts. Very well done!", "This thing rolls so many sevens I feel like I'm in a real casino! Getting ripped off on these stats and unrealistic rolls makes you feel just like you would at the real thing! Yeah! Zero fun...", "Great user interface and no extra system permissions. I used the free version to refine my strategies before my last Vegas trip. I'm starting to prep for my next trip and I tried all the other craps simulators. None of them compared so I decided it was time to pay for the pro version. Thanks for a g...Full Review", "If you play the passline, the shooter will lose 9/10 times. I then decided to play dark side (don't pass/don't come) and the shooter now is some kind of God. He made 17 points in a row before finally sevening out. Next he made 13 points before sevening out. This game was awesome when I played the fr...Full Review", "Don't answer the phone when playing, it doesn't store your gameplay and all your bets disappear. Not fun when you have a huge amount bet....", "Solid program! Thanks for the lay bets and buys. Also glad to see that you can tap the puck to turn on place bets and come odds. To the people that think there are too many SEVENS, deal the game awhile and you'll see your fair share of point 7, point 7, 7, yo, 7, point 7", "7 after the point is set seem to come up way more often than at the casino. Please fix or put in a setting that allows us to change the probability.", "Put out lay bets and rolled 35 times without a 7. Something wrong here. Go pass line and 7s out on second roll,", "Only thing keeping it from 5 stars is that I would like Repeat Last Bet, and Double bet buttons. Giving it a 5, cause it's closer to 4.5", "Craps has the best chance of winning out of any casino game out there IF you know what you're doing. This app will show you how to make the best bets and come away a winner.", "The best craps game period could it use a few tweets yes, but nothing else come close to this has far as being the most  realistic, they earned my vote and five stars!", "Thanks for fixing. The best craps app that I have found yet. Do you want that 5th star? Add an option that you can turn place bets and\\or odds off while the puck is ON without having to bring your bets down.", "Fun game as long as i am not playing with real money. Even the most seasoned pit boss would blush at the generous amount of \"TIMELY\" 7's", "Game uses to be good but now roll is unrealistic.             5/15.  Better now. Thanks!", "How about a provision for leaving winning prop bets 'up to win?' Also a provision for one unit presses on winning place bets?", "Pure garbage. Don't waste your money on this crap", "Well designed app that captures all the statistics you need to test and evaluate various systems", "Only good Craps game I've found on Android, worth the 2 bucks. I like the voices and the customization options.", "I've tried a lot of them and this is my favorite.", "I know i am not a professional but still by the way where is the trainer part located.", "Way too many sevens!!! Not even fun...", "This is the best android app for playing craps. The dev is responsive and helpful. Nothing better on android. Simply the best.", "Very realistic no fire bet tho", "I wanted to learn how to play craps and I now understand how to play.", "Great craps app", "Definitely the best craps app. The session stats should be allowed to go over 9999. Same goes for the lifetime.", "Unrealistic 7 %.", "Something does not work with the algorythm for dice rolling. It does not roll neither hard ways nor any of the Horn bets (2, 3, 11, 12). I get only 4,  5, 6, 7, 8, 9 and 10 the easy way. How am I supposed to 'train' with this???", "Here are my suggestions for improving the pro version of the app. 1) Move the bank down and crop the rest of the area so that there's no scrolling in the window. 2)  Allow Lay bets. 3) In the game stats, create a section for the number of times each number has been rolled, session and lifetime. 4) I...Full Review", "The only training that this does is teach me you can't train craps. Its not realistic odds are against you. I don't know how many times I rolled 3 times and then 7/out. If I put to much money on the table guaranteed I would lose it all. Sad that I wasted 1.99 for this", "Only thing that stops a five star rating is with all the stats etc involved should be little more customizable in couple areas. Would be great to be able to set up very specific items to create perfect test for all aspects of where you might be going to be playing. Ex: table minimum and max change o...Full Review", "This app just basically keeps statistics of your play. Very unclear instructions while playing. This app should tell you if the bet is a smart one or not based on odds, etc. It offers no recommendation of what you should bet either.", "A seven comes out ever other roll. I'm not even exaggerating. I make a heavy wager, roll once, it's good; roll a second time, SEVEN!! Never fails. I have rolled more sevens in this game than any other number. FIX THIS!!!", "This is a great app, I took off a star because it cannot zoom all out on the note 3 and it is annoying when it scrolls. I know I can lock zoom and scroll but it can block some visibility. I thought this was google ads causing it in the free one, but nope.", "I've played a lot in Vegas and the northern Indian casino's not even close to how the rolls comes out compared to the real game, way to many 7's, almost impossible to make your point number. Bill might tell everyone how its random but it is not. Do not waste your money on the Pro version till they g...Full Review", "I bet $25 on the pass line, wait for the come out roll, then bet $30 on 6 and $30 on 8. The game consistently rolls a 7 as the next roll, losing the bet. The probability has to be screwed up.", "Good to learn on but the odds have to be fixed somehow... When shooter makes his point 9 times in a row it's a bit ridiculous.  Maybe it's just me but no matter how you bet,  you will lose in a way that is against the method used.  Just an odd observation.  Otherwise,  good app.", "While the updates are getting better, the rolls are getting worse and worse. Whenever my point is eight, and I place odds, I immediately get a seven. The GA stats may not be  able show the sevens in relation to the six and eight rolls.", "The only way don't loose and keep playing it's putting MORE money on 'COME' field and protect it with appropriate bet on 'any crap'. It's feels like this app actually calculating total sum of money on the table and immediately punish you with 'seven' as soon as it's can hurt your account.", "Tbere are a lot of things that need to be added for all of the uncommon bets that people play such as the fire bet. (Look up route 66 casino to learn about the fire bet.)  The 7 comes up a lot. Instead of using the random number picker, use a math equation to determine the dice throws. set it to mul...Full Review", "This game rolls more of \"the bad number\" then I have ever seen on my worst of days at a real table. After the point is set, you will 7 out in 1 to 4 rolls. Hardly ever get back your buy in to start pressing bets. Major money loser. If it teaches you anything, you will become a master of dont bets! W...Full Review", "The player interface is probably the best of all of the craps games I've tried. It won't let you lay bets though. As somebody else mentioned, I've also had placed bets disappear on the roll a couple of times. Also, as has been mentioned, the dice rolls do not seem to be generated on a completely ran...Full Review", "If you bet pass line and come you will see nothing but 2,3,12,and a lot of 7's. If you bet the don't side you will see a lot of points being made.", "Have sent a few emails in regards to odds/playing the don'ts and the developer made appropriate changes. For that, Thank you. However, I have a few more requests before I give five stars. First, when playing the don'ts you can switch to the passline (there's more to it but this alone will help with ...Full Review", "I just upgraded to the Pro version. I love that you have the hop bets and that your payouts are consistent with most casinos.  To make it perfect you should add Buy and Lay Bets.    Also the \"Place to Lose\" bet (opp of place bet & similar to a Lay bet, need a 7 prior to the number bet on). It is ava...Full Review", "Very frustrating...Rolls craps \"seven out\" more than realistically have in real life casino play. It is a error in random programming. I won more on non-paid version. It is reactive to what's bets are being placed. The same rolled number comes up after the bet every time.", "This is not only by far the best craps app. Its also one of my best apps of all the apps I use.", "By far the best craps game on android. Well worth the money! Still a bit of upgrading to do but devs have been awesome about returning emails and taking suggestions. All around a great experience with good support. Thanks guys!", "If i bet with $25 chips, then game is normal. If I have a $100 and $25 chip on the table I roll seven 4 of of 5 rolls. Something is wrong, refunding.", "I can't lay bets. If that was fixed, I'd cheerfully increase my score. As of now, a vital part of the game is missing.", "A LOT of fun and great for learning how to play craps. Developers were responsive to an issue I was having which is awesome.  I think it would be fun to add Firebets, but I think they are trademarked...", "I've tried several caps games and this is by far the best. Never crashes on my LG G Pad and there are several useful options, stats and settings.", "I play in land casinos with 10x and 20x max odds on passline (lucky me) and would like to see an option for that on here so I can test game theories", "You can never win. The 7 shows up whenever you bet large.", "Closest Craps Game I could find to playing at an actual table.  I would highly recommend it.", "Awful, literally do not buy this. You roll a seven almost every time. Waste of money.", "More 7's once the point is made than anything else.  Can't ever get a roll going. Not fun at all.", "I've noticed that since the update, nothing has changed in regards to being able to make lay bets. What kind of game of craps is this where u can make place bets, but u can't make lay bets? Fix it.", "Very good practice for the casino.", "I wish you could change there odds to match the odds of the casino you are playing at", "No available lay bets.", "Good stuff", "Very good just like playing in a casino", "Would have given it 5 stars but 3-4-5 Don't Pass / Don't Come odds are incorrect. Playing the dark side at a 3-4-5X table, max odds should be 6 times the flat bet.  Playing the dark side at a 3-4-5X odds table, the max odds will always be 6X the flat bet (don't pass or don't come).  For example, ass...Full Review", "I would've gave it more stars if the game is not rigged to make you lose. The dice roll is computerizes and seems to favor for the house.  It's like it \"knows\" which bets are the most profitable so you lose money quicker.", "This app will not install on my s3 and it won't refund my money. One of the free ones installed just fine, so why the issue with the paid one?", "Wish you could shake phone for dice throw.. with dice sound.", "1. Couple days ago it updated and haven't been able to run it since, it unexpectedly fails every time &requires a force close; 2. Really would love Nullity to type in $$ per bet rather than progressive dragging chips to build stacks--it takes too long. Please fix both. I love the game. Am happy I bo...Full Review", "Really like the game but not very happy right now.  There is no option to send report.", "I'm heading to Vegas in a month and always wanted to try Craps.   This game is the perfect learning tool!  It would be nice to have larger chip denominations though.   It's a bummer having to drag a $500 chip 20 times to bet $10k.  It would also be cool if you guys opened up the hops bet section so ...Full Review", "One problem, holding you from 5 stars. you can collect your passline bet after an point has been established. If you try to put it back it says \"you can't add to the passline\". If you try to play without it says \"player must establish a pass line bet\" help!", "Seems like there is always 3-4  bad comeouts, depending on how you play.  If im on domt pass it'll hit 7 and 11, maybe a craps inbetween, if I bet high, like 1k on dont pass, the fame usually hits the point.  Either I have uncommonly bad luck at random, or the game is fixed to make you lose.  4 star...Full Review", "Updated review: this game is basically unplayable for me because of the amount of 7s that get rolled. Want to really like it, but I can't get more than 2 rolls past the point without a 7 popping up.   The controls are a little difficult, the bet placement needs to be the whole zones, particularly on...Full Review", "I've run into a bug a few times after hitting the point where the pass line bet becomes part of the odds bet placed on next point set,leaving only an odds bet. Seems to happen when the second point is 6. If you then attempt to remove the bet before the point hits or a 7 comes,the entire amount is re...Full Review", "The odds on this game are messed up. I have never seen more 7s than any other craps game I have played and that includes at the casino.  I rolled 7, 7's in a row, then came out on a 6 and on my second roll hit a 7. I haven't once rolled more than 5 times toward my point without hitting a 7. Not once...Full Review", "Would absolutely love a \"Repeat Last Bet\" button. It's a pain and bore to drag chips onto a game who's touch sensitivity is below par.", "I have been searching for two years for a craps game with some decent graphics and simple playing. This is both and more. Definitely recommended!", "Just came from vegas, and this game feels like vegas. ...plenty of pointers to advance your skills...can't wait to go back and use what I learned. ..", "I have been wanting to learn craps for quite some time and these guys have provided EXACTLY what I was looking for including the voice of the dealer. Please keep up the great work!", "Pass line bug with odds. Please fix", "Had it for an hour. Has crashed 4 times already.   Crashes fixed..", "I really love this app. It is very good to help understand the game and the betting. Really would love to see the hop bets in update.", "Very nice app to learn the game. Now I have a good understanding of the different bets, odds, etc.", "I never knew how to play craps but after learning with this app I feel like I know everything..", "Good learning tool !!", "Why no hop bets? :(", "Cannot figure out how to reset bakroll to what i want.  Defaults to $1000.", "Great game. It rocks!", "I only wish you could choose how much money to start with. Instead they start you off with $1000, which is not what i would go gamble with.", "After installing this game, my battery began to drain extremely fast. I played it for about 10 minutes and then quit. My phone was at 35%.  Within the next hour or two (not using my phone) my battery dropped to 10%. Uninstalled and want a refund.", "This will teach you how to play craps and I mean it is very very precise and random the pro version will give you extra money it's worth $2 trust me on this. Be realistic as if you were spending your real money at a real table when playing and you will see where your money goes and how fast you must...Full Review", "love this app on my phone. but it crashes on my galaxy tab lite 3. pity. It is a good app, I thank the developer for it.", "Where are the lay bets this is a very common way to hedge on the come out roll if you are a dark side player.", "Good trainer but needs work. The pass line odds are supposed to be off. Once the point is made you should remove the pass line odds. You are not supposed to get paid pass line odds on a 7 or 11. You should also have a clear all option.", "I would give this app 5 stars if you would allow us to place common bets like 22 inside or 110 inside or 27 across with red, green, and black units.", "Like at casino ... great for practicing", "This app is perfect for practicing and developing strategies. Thank you developers. You rock!", "Can b fun but the chip amount is too small. If u can have 10 or 20k chips, that would b better. Please consider it.", "Can't reset bets.  Constantly hitting on second roll.", "great learning tool"], "Candy Crush Saga": ["Love this game, but after playing to level 3500 and something, I've learned that it completely cheats! I've NEVER hit the jackpot in the last 4 years, playing daily. Striped candies seem to miss certain key candies needed in order to complete a level. I thought it was a glitch at first, but the next...Full Review", "Be aware! Game makes you addicted at first, then drives you MAD CRAZY, coz the there is alot of cheating bugs in the game made(by candy crush creators) just so to fail you and make you spend money in order to pass the level...DON'T even THINK TO START coz it turns into BAD HABIT!!!", "I don't like this 5 life thing, last night I won 5 lives and my lives were full so it was forfeited. Not cool! Destroy the penalty of time out you can't play on and this game is for relaxing but then you get a timeout. That makes it redundant. Everything else is awesome though. Thank you.", "You're going to have to change your rating if you aren't more careful about the advertisers on the videos you play in the game to earn extra stuff to help pass that level. There's currently one advertising a movie about someone who is possessed. Definitely not rated \"E\" for everyone! Would be very s...Full Review", "after various updates it is now almost impossible to earn certain boosters and powerups. You can no longer play previous levels to build up powerups, cheers for nothing you will not get me to pay for extras", "I would like to have more bonuses that we can chose to use each round ex. the hand or the pink ball. Some of the nightmare rounds are really difficult with no help so you lose interest in playing them.", "I think it's sooo rigged,seriously, you give 52 moves to get thru a level, get all but one bubble, with 29 moves,  and it's sooo rigged, that apparently that's not good enough. So, you're left with a final choice to use a lollipop or start all over again. This is a common theme. I actually think thi...Full Review", "Its a good game. The daily spin wheel never lands on the jackpot, ive spun it at least 1000+ times and its landed on everything else but that. To the developers - You should remove the pointless impossible to win jackpot from the wheel and replace it with 1 gold bar which we are allowed to win.", "I have reached the highest level long time ago and must wait candy uploading the new level, but they do it so slow..please make new level every week, unless i cant win the weekly competition.. After update, there is no new level and ERROR happened! Where is my prize! Woyyyy", "Changed from iPhone to android and had to start from level 1 after reaching 397. Discovered a problem with my new phone and am back to Level 1 after reaching level 198. I'm not playing again", "All fun and games until you reach a level that seemingly can't be solved. It was great for a day. Now it's history. In no way \"relaxing\". Do yourself a favor, DON'T DOWNLOAD THIS GAME.", "Game is great but seriously just take the jackpot off the wheel. I've spun it too many times and have never got it. im on lvl 2000!! Don't put it on if you don't make it possible to get it. Thanks", "a very addicting game, regardless of the reason for playing it'll keep you interested in going. It'll even make you mad when you can't make it to the next level because of one thing or another. Put on all I give it five stars because it's highly in the teams that your time and keeps you on the edge ...Full Review", "had cleared level 4470. All of a sudden it has slipped down to 4400. no new levels have come in 3 weeks after the downslide.", "I have been playing candy crush for many years now. I really hate the fact that you can accidentally hit on bars and it takes your bars away. I recently wanted a free spin, but instead hit on 5 more moves for 10 bars. \ud83d\ude21 and of course, it took my bars. just a few days ago, I had the opportunity to c...Full Review", "great game. load of ads. slow too. some levels are way too hard its rediculous e.g. level 239. 12 moves to get three star win. No way can this be done.", "Its a good game and very challenging. When you get up higher in levels its very challenging and Seems impossible to go further without spending money. I ended up deleting it. Level 370 is really hard.", "Once they add same amount then I will five star. Until then lame app.", "i get so many reward in the bean tree but its not visible to use. justa waste of time.", "Solid and addictive! Great way to pass time with easy-to-very challenging levels. Immensely enjoyable and love the fact new levels are added weekly! Now, who's bored?!", "They have doubled the price on everything. You don't get half of the free boosters you use to. I am not impressed with a company. They must be going broke, (NOT) they literally double the price of the boosters. DON'T EVEN START PLAYING It. Not even fun anymore", "It's amazing \ud83d\ude0d finally I'm getting 3 stars in level 463 I'm very happy thank you for fixing problems.. Now, level 505 has the same problem.. Please check it", "Its allot of fun playing specially when I feel stressed it take my mind of the problem.  I enjoy the episodes that are difficult to pass because I like challenges.  Lots of fun", "No feedback form in the application. However while sending Life request to friends, it's been most toughest to always find one by one from hundreds of friends by typing the alphabets in search column. Please give an option to add to favourites. so that while sending Life requests, we can choose from...Full Review", "i really enjoy the game already at lvl 534 but have a problem, i really think to improve the game play you guys can really reduce the time it takes to gain a live. it really takes a long time to get one. thanks for the game in overall", "Good game. Instructions are clear. But I've never won the jackpot on the spin, does anyone ever win a jackpot? So frustrating", "please deal woth cheaters, and delete their records. because if nomber 2 between all friends have 150k points, its impossible to have 450 BILLION points and be number one. at every stage. evrry level. (angry)", "The only think i ha e a problem with the game is it would not update o really like playing it but can u please fix the problem thanks lol", "I can't get the owl levels to work. I hit the owl and nothing happens. is that no longer a thing? otherwise love the game. took off a star because the owl doesn't work.", "I love this game and Im rating it 5 star, but 5 lives is too small to play some extral hard level .....my only advice is that why cant you give us 100 moves at any hard level? please try to do something about it", "Every time you get to a new level, you have to click through 5-7 popups just to play the game. Ridiculous.", "I tried to stay away but came back and back to being hooked again! Its a great time pass", "Been playing this a long time but as having many errors with the most recent update. Boosters disappearing and different things going off when they're not supposed to", "It's irritating that this game asks for money all the time. I just continue playing. I don't know any rules so I have to figure it out. There are no instructions.", "The single most STRESSING thing is this game with 5 second time bombs, where's the fun in that? Game is nicely designed, but not relaxing at all!", "On the booster wheel no one ever will s the Jackpot? also it would be nice if you could add gold bars to the spin wheel. Why do you want our opinion if you don't bother to listen?", "pls stop the pay for play. otherwise great. it also stops the play so that's annoying.", "Great end of day I don't want to think any more game. It's been made easier and has more prizes, so if you haven't played it for a while, give it another try.", "I hate your darn bombs and chocolate,, too fast. I like to take my time and enjoy the gaame... stresses me out.", "Good game ..bt after level 65 no quest coming fr play... making fool", "Love this game. But today I won prizes from a chest and they do not appear to have been awarded me. Please can you look into this. Thank you.", "new update doesn't seem to be working properly on Samsung Galaxy 8. the candy pet is there but you can't open it and the status bar for the candies you collect doesn't update", "bad game west of time uninstall it quick. itrying to complete a level since 3 month break can't success so I delete this game parmanently", "I never get the extra time I've won, or extended games. 5 stars if I got what I earned.", "you want that all cndy crush players left this game because all advantage are crushed by you like sugar cane favorite levels make so deficult and all thing's Who helps us are make very deficuls.", "plz remove price and give free booster and life every week so dat everyone can enjoy this game otherwise game is good. But i request do something about free gifts and booster", "game has frozen since update. it doesnt fully load i dont see any of the side button options...free spin additionals games lives etc. cant get into the level either", "Nice game but I don't like the idea of using money to open my piggy save. cant my piggy save be opened for free?", "Enjoy the game until I get to a level that does not give me the proper number of moves. I am currently on level 772 and only have 12 moves instead of 30 as shown on tutorials. Have written to company no response HELP any suggestions", "I figured out, where the endless loop of sound was coming from...It was not Candy Crush! Have since deleted what is was, and re downloaded the game!! Thank you! I'm back to playing!!", "Level 71 is impossible to do without boosters. Greedy app developer.", "be careful buying since the update it steals your money n gold bars n they dont respond back theres glitch you would think they would respond back even after showing them am being charged for something i ddnt recieve nor buy.", "Dearest friends very excited nice game.. but some level very magic luck level.. but still very easy... please release New level.. please give more interesting booster.... please give all over ranks thanks... please make more interesting and intelligent. which passed only by more I. Q intelligent peo...Full Review", "all things are awesome but only one thing is very bad that video booster don't start on my phone please send me any idea to start video booster thanks...", "I am disgusted enough with you T shirt advertiser that i will delete this game. Bye", "i am reached 3300 above... but i dont know how many levels there are........... BY - SITU RAJ..", "I am playing last level, mostly i finish all lavels in a day and wait for new lavels, is there any CASH PRIZE FOR BEST PLAYERS?", "Dynamic duo doesn't seem to appear properly. Never got jackpot in Daily Wagon wheel, not even once from when i started playing \ud83d\ude24 \ud83d\udc80", "It is good game.I will play then I m so tired.This game keeps rest to my mind", "remove jackpot icon if there in no jackpot put life icon but don't cheat", "Pretty disappointed! I have spun that wheel so many damn times and got so close to winning the jackpot but NOOOOO..... I highly doubt ANYONE has ever won the jackpot....... you're wrong for that Candy crush!!!!", "Awesome Game filled with Colors, Gifts and Candy's. Getting a kind of happiness and cheerful while playing this Wonderful Game..! Hats off To the Team...!", "It is an improved and a very special version but will like to see more upgrade", "It's not the most exciting game that I've played but it is enjoyable. I also like the fact that it's family friendly.", "I love the game.. been playing for a long time on level 3357 but I used to be able to give lives to friends.. I can't find out how to do that now? please help", "I would give it 5 stars but there is a glitz with the game. When I try to play the dynamic duo I only get a loading circle. That makes it hard to keep a partner in the game", "I won the jackpot on the daily spin and did not receive it... Other than that, I love the game! Still no feedback! What the hell?!", "I enjoy playing, I never know if it's going to beat me or if I am going to win. but it fun", "all my levels have disappeared and It wasn't linked with other apps ..\ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude24", "it many time stole my credit in contest", "after last update I am not able to play any video app. please fix this problem.", "laggy for androids but catches up after a few seconds", "it takes too long for lives to recharge. why do you make it so hard to get rewards", "on level 1275 I'm only getting 20 news when I should have 40 can you please help me", "Getting better and better with every update. I Love CANDY CRUSH.........I am on 2469 level...", "please resolve my issue, i keep my app up to date but from last 3 weeks im unable to get new levels, im stuck at level (4415) please resolve my issue ASAP...", "since last 4 weeks I am not getting any new level I am at 4430", "you don't even deserve a single star. you are nothing but a big Thief and cheater!!!!!\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20", "fun game like how it shows you fb friends progress", "No time to play this game I have to clean the driveway", "Worst game ever you can't pass if you don't pay. nothing smart about it", "Episode # 294 (Puffy Peaks) Level 4400 completed. Now waiting for next episode.", "This game is amazing!!! iCant get anything done because iAm to busy playing Candy Crush Saga...Whomever made this game iThank you day in and night out.", "it. is really good game i like it lot \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c", "I dont get the booster when i play the levels without losing the life", "played for a long time, but not very good at it", "Keeps you wanting to come back for more again and again", "i have to start all over again, its. worth it.", "can someone please explain how to beat level 1879? there seems to be no logic as to when a checked candy turns yellow or into an icing square - super frustrating!!!!", "There are too many screens to pace through to feed her, feed him, on and on. i just want to play the game. I don't need background story or cartoons.", "i like these game so i dont get borred", "Love it, very love it. gemes", "It can sharp our mind and it is very funable . I like this game very much", "Awesome game, started playing again and can't stop!", "It's a game like no other it's really a fun game.", "too expensive. slow between levels", "Very addicted, and time consuming luv the game!!!!!", "how come mine is only at level 4,400? i saw in YouTube level is up to 4,460. i already updated but still my max level didn't update", "please fix game 552 back to 30 moves, not 12", "never won a jackpot in the spin free wheel.. i am at level 3700.. never won.. by default or intentionally...", "I bought a new phone. Synced my account. now I have no lives in my inbox anymore. No boosters? Which does not make any sense? Please look into this. I would like to have my stuff aquired back.", "Fun till you get stuck on the same level for a month", "fun and great updates, great graphics! love this game", "love n it I get coins playing it so I can make $ Lol", "candy crush rocks and keep on my toes", "Can't put it down, ADDICTED, HELP!", "It is sooo good i love it so much\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude07", "Love it... super amazing entertainment...", "its a wonderful feeling to play", "its fun till its frustrating and impossible", "good game for time pass", "previously we can go back after open the stage but now we cannot please change this to previous", "i can't use app in multi window after update. its worst for me", "I'm speechless.just try it too", "keeps leveling up when im not playing,thus no rewards!! just happened today again", "3213 only 12 moves. This sucks", "good game ... I like candy crush games.", "Wrost the think of life over when level not clear this is the wrost type of game.", "I can play this game for hours", "This game give alot of challenges its one of the best games that i ever play", "love the game its addicting but aggravating when the game resets out of the blue!", "Still a great game!!!\ud83e\udd17\ud83e\udd13", "updated my candy crush saga and was put back to level 1, I was over level 3500? Why?", "wow!!!", "love playing it when im bored", "Past 4385. level 4386 doesn't let you play! level over even before you make 1st move.", "Relaxing but I am not pleased with the many ads that pop up.", "love this game its addicting and time consuming", "A fantastic game but its very addicted can't stop playing", "Great way to kill time and easy your mind i play whenever i got alot on my mind it takes me away...", "So much fun and it just pulls you into the game", "was fun but dont like that they make you wait to continue to play., so leaving.", "it is very fun to play candy crush saga and I love to play ccs", "Bit slow sometimes.", "Dnt like much", "Its very emational game", "be nice if you lower 25 mins per life when out of lifes", "great game so much fun", "It's a great way to release frustration.", "i love it. thumbs up\ud83d\udc4d \u2764", "Its pretty challenging keeps me busy", "addictive but sometimes laggy", "The new version does not support split screen anymore.", "I love this game very time comsuming", "love this game.", "ok more bombs would be great, or gold bar automatic store", "good game . very addictive \ud83d\ude01", "5 star nuff said im addicted", "I love the game", "It's One of The Bestest Games Ever. Hoping for better updates and much more interesting updates.", "Awesome . More than a game . its keep stress away.", "very interesting and mind relaxed..i like it", "funn, addictive yet difficulttho those commercials areway toolong", "very addicting \ud83d\ude4c\ud83e\udd17", "cant stop playing ! great game", "Best game \ud83d\udc4d", "Wow it's supper\ud83d\ude31", "I have a love hate relationship with this game", "great game. hours of fun", "Super addicting. You decide whether that is good or bad.", "it is amazing execpt some levels are really hard to complete.", "valentina jaho niveli 30032 yes", "very fun game. great way to kill time", "\u092d\u094b\u0932\u093e \u0930\u093e\u092e \u092a\u091f\u0947\u0932 \u0917\u093e\u0901\u0935 \u0924\u093e\u0932\u093f\u092f\u093e\u0923\u093e \u0938\u093e\u092f\u0932\u093e \u091c\u093e\u0932\u094b\u0930", "I was on level 3200 and lost all my progress", "it very hard game i don't like next level", "Candy fabulous!!!!!", "need more than 3 lives at a time", "Always fun to play stress less at nite", "I am on level 4433 very very hard", "fun fun and more fun!", "keeps your interest by making the bonuses attainable.", "It's a good game but a lot of time west .....", "too many updates, jesus", "This new version is great. More rewards are given making it more fun to play.", "just time pass game and old", "great game for boredom", "very good.Its really exciting game i really like the game.\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "this game are not a perfection game becuse i am satisfied", "I've been playing this game for years. Very addicting and fun! love it!", "great game. a real time killer.", "good game clear boredom", "This games stresses me out!\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude35", "I like it alot", "very time pass app", "it a dream game with lots of level", "More time pass game", "so full time pasad", "passes by my free time", "keeps me wanting to play", "still the best time waster\ud83e\udd19", "I love it very addicted \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d \ud83d\ude0d lol but its great", "Turn off hints. Now", "Very addictive game and nice way to relax", "love It \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "Happy 6th birthday Candy crush\ud83c\udf82\ud83c\udf82", "It's amazing and fantastic", "It's totally superbbbbbbb", "I have finished all 4400 levels please release new levels", "semi-fun little puzzly type Game. very simple"], "Bingo Pop": ["DawnIaod ' APPLIKE ' get $$975 Very good apps for join APPLIKE or A for 500 rs bonds Very good apps for join A or B Refer of Sponsore enter A or B appss enter id or Good appss Invite plz id A or B its really Good application you can discover new applications APPLKE The app works so good so far. Have...Full Review", "DawnIoad \" APPLIKE ' Get 460$ Very good apps for join APPLIKE for rs bonds Very good apps for join d or c Refer of Sponsore enter k or 727328 appss enter id or Good appss Invite plz id s or asx its realy Good application you can discover new applications AppLike The app works so good so far. Haven't...Full Review", "I used to love this game! used to be able to acc win back in 2016! I've been playing alot recently and paying for cherries because it takes forever to earn any as you don't win much... I'm hoping with a lot of reviews the same from people who have played the game for years uken games will sort this ...Full Review", "This game can be fun and relaxing when I actually win stuff. Seems like Uken Ganes has rigged this games so we cant win anything in the mini games. Like the one that we pay cherries for. You have to spin to get a colored puzzel piece why cant I ever win the Orange one that has over 700 cherries. the...Full Review", "Very addictive but I just wish there was a better daily reward or faster recharge of the cherries. I log in to pay for 5 minutes because the daily cherries haven't fully built up. Its annoying. Makes me think its a game just too force you into buying more to enjoy the game for longer. I've parted wi...Full Review", "it's more interesting but what happened to it being a free game and now it's just a money gimmick for y'all to get richer and people like myself who have loved playing this game for almost two years now and now I've just about lost all interest in bingo pop and seriously thinking about not playing a...Full Review", "I've been playing this game for awhile and now i'ts telling me that I need to update application. When I did the update all of a sudden it's saying that the application may not be optimizied for my device. There's no other explainations as far as what to do to make it compatible. Such a shame that I...Full Review", "Good game but don't get a lot of cherries unless you pay for them. It's even worse now they've changed the free cherries (watch a video) to pay only ones! I really enjoyed this game until now!!! and if you have 2 keys after playing your highest level you only have one go & if you have 3 additions du...Full Review", "this used to be a fun free game, but now your chances of winning are nearly impossible, you basically have to pay to play. each round requires cherries and after recent updates its almost impossible to win cherries back. I used to really like this game but I refuse to pay since the chances of winnin...Full Review", "This game use to be alot of fun.   It seems now the only way you can play more then one game a day is if you spend money and it seems like its always the same people winning.  I refuse to spend anymore money and will be finding a better place to play bingo.  I have lost so many cherries when the gam...Full Review", "I'm leaving my last review under this fir reference. THIS GAME IS BROKEN I've been playing this since it launched, on and off for 5 years., Level 469. In the last 20, 4 card rounds I have bingoed one time. it is a statistical annomoly, it cant happen. something changed. extremely. Just most addictiv...Full Review", "I used to love this game, but the ads and pop ups are frustrating me. I also miss feeding the pets the snacks I earned. Why did you get rid of the snacks? I hate these new changes. Very disappointed now", "Terrible, poorly designed money grab! DO NOT DOWNLOAD!! I can't stress this enough this game is not enjoyable! You are forced to play 2 cards and need 2 bingos just to break even. Have never earned more than break even. Ads for pack pop up constantly and overlap, likely hoping you will one click buy...Full Review", "Thanks a lot. Some people might not be able to play if they're under the age of, let's say, 8. A 13 year old cant even play. Really?", "Fun time killer, but bonus areas are difficult to complete all the way. Been working on gone fishing area for 1 more fish to finish for about 2+months and still the fish never shows up to win it, frustrating but fun to play. Update: still no fish caught to finish\ud83e\udd14\ud83d\ude15, but finally after 3+months i go...Full Review", "it was awesome but now it's impossible to win any multiple bingos, or any significant payouts to stay in the game long enough to enjoy it. The adds and money solicitations are constantly popping up, also the new changes to the side games makes them no longer fun. i used to love this game/app more th...Full Review", "LOVE the game, but how come EVERY SINGLE TIME I pay the 99\u00a2 for 3 extra calls, IT NEVER CALLS A NUMBER THAT WILL GIVE ME A BINGO? So frustrating!!! Have reduced my rating down to 2 stars! i spent alot of money on cherries yesterday and played max amounts and still never even won back 120 cherries! A...Full Review", "AM VERY UPSET WITH THIS GAME AT THE PRESENT TIME. I REPORTED THAT A GLITCH IN THE GAME ROBBED ME OF PRECIOUS POINTS AND CHERRIES, AND THE POWERS THAT BE DECIDED TO IGNORE MY IMPUT. YOU WOULD THINK SOMEONE AT LEVEL 5OO WHO HAS BEEN PLAYING FOR MANY YEARS WOULD BE TREATED BETTER!!!!! PASS OVER THIS GA...Full Review", "terrible waste of time. not enough wins to keep you interested. sitting there watching numbers that you dont have come out over and over is boring. dont waste a minute of your life.", "I love this game but it would be nice to have a way to earn more tickets with videos or downloading. I play till I run out then i end up deleting it cause it takes to long to reload tickets. But other than that I love it", "This is a really good game! however upu cant get far without buying daily. its almost impossible to win big or get mega bingos! it gets boring after a while knowing your only get about 1 hours play for \u00a310 worth of cherries! i wont be wasting anymore money on here.", "Once you hit a certain level there is no way to play unless you spend money. It is to bad because this could be a great game. UPDATE FROM 3 STARS there has been many updates since i posted this and is WAY better now", "Everything was going great...but now when I try to open the app it just freezes.....what's going on?......I was having so much fun......damn. YAAAAY....EVERYTHING IS BETTER & BACK TO BEING GREAT AGAIN....NO, ACTUALLY SUPER GREAT....I'M SO GLAD....I REALLY MISSED PLAYING, I SOOOOO....ENJOY PLAYING BI...Full Review", "Best bingo game I've found. And I've tried ALOT. Only wish you'd get more cherries, but other than that it's a great bingo. Keep up good work. Thank you. \ud83d\ude0a", "love it very addictive,only downfall dont get enough cherries to play unless you buy them boooooo. dont like to pay for free games.", "what happened?? it seems the awesome update the game had/did just went away and back to old now boring way.. which sucks \ud83d\ude16 and a big bummer\ud83d\ude1e", "I love playing Bingo Pop and it's my favorite bingo game I like to play.. Everyone needs to help everyone out with cherries \ud83c\udf52 and coins. I make sure that i send cherries \ud83c\udf52 and coins to everyone who is on my list of friends and when i go and collect my cherries \ud83c\udf52 and coins and, I only receive 6 ch...Full Review", "Slow but really good once you get going. Still having problems with the mobile side of the game. Won't recognize my email or account.", "love this game. hate having to run out of coins and cherries. but i count the minutes and get right back into it. everyone needs to try it. youll be hooked", "this game is really cute. i am not as keen on some of the recent \"upgrades\" because its a bit too busy and harder to figure out. but i do enjoy it", "not bad. could be better as in it has way ttoo many pop ups. n i hope not too many more ads appear in between. cause u guys used to be cool", "best bingo app. ive found just wish i could get off this loosing streek.Try the app.at least, choose for yourself.You have to like it\ud83d\udc4d", "I love the game but do not like the pet changes, seemed I could get more cherries the old way. I also feel that, because my level is high and I have spent to much money to win, I don't bingos like I did when I started.", "I absolutely love this game. Just one thing: cherries are very expensive.", "joined a team accidentally left the club now I can't find a club to save my life, lol.", "very seldom wins.payouts,&prize advancements are rediculous.50 games yet no tickets,cherrys etc ever won.daily cherries(shucks forgot how to spell sorry) awarded never build up full by the next day.the one prize payout i was near winning in a day or two shut down.you cant get ahead unless you got ca...Full Review", "game is garbage... only way your going to continue playing is if you want to dump a bunch of $$ into the game!!", "it is so hard to get bingo's and cherries. when u get an instant bingo it should be on the cards when u start game not when ur almost done finishing up with money and cherries and the goin to uninstall the game and wont recommend it", "hard as heck to get a bingo but a third or more of players get bingo so something fishy going on here.hadn't got a bingo for 3 and a half days too long to accumulate cherries to play they want you to buy them so you have to pay them to play really.", "I am not loving this app like I thought that I would. I may possibly not completely understand it. Will try for a little while longer.", "good game but as you get more along the challanges the harder and more cherries you will need ive rated it as a 4 because it can be very addictive however unless you spend money on this you will have a waiting game for cherries", "great game making me addicted to it... its the best bingo game... only problem is have to buy cherries or wait till it finishes ...", "too slow to get cherries and not so many wins either. also it is too expensive to spend money on the game for cherries.", "game is nothing like the ad for it. it is slow and you hardly get a bingo", "just wish there were more frequent wins. otherwise great game", "trying to get the coins i reached level five but no coins downloaded flash light no coins given really dissappointed", "Great game, very fun, and plenty of events to participate in. The only downfall is that cherries are scarce. Other than that the game is great.", "I love this game it's best bingo I ever played and what makes it even better is that you can play it offline", "why only 43% load and it's been over an hour and a half to two hours I will uninstall thought this game had a five-star fix it", "BINGO POP IS MY ADDICTION!! ITS NOT JUST TO PASS TIME. I AM SO ADDICTED\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude0d", "I absolutely love this game but wish you didn't take away the videos that you watch for free cherries after I bought some cherries", "its really hard yo win a bingo and they don't give you enough cherries unless you buy them. I DON'T LIKE IT!!", "getting irratated! about to uninstall... loved this Game.. been reporting problems for 2 weeks..still no change.can barely play more than 2 games on low levels!", "I love it it's time-consuming and fun to play slight suggestion needs to regenerate cherries faster even just by a few minutes", "fun but I don't get that many bingos. I'm lucky if I get one per game. lots of numbers come that aren't mine", "very fun n good time killer...just wish there were more ways to earn more plays. really love this game", "I love it \ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc96something to do for a minute when you sit down for a couple of mins. it so much fun I play all through the night til I fell asleep \ud83d\ude34 . exciting..!!!! what an experience \ud83d\ude31\ud83d\ude31\ud83d\ude31\ud83d\ude31\ud83d\ude31\ud83d\ude31\ud83d\ude31\ud83d\ude31\ud83d\ude31\ud83d\ude31\ud83d\ude31...", "still having lots of fun playing bingo pop it's by far the best bingo game of them all i have tried all the others keep the cherries and excitement coming makes my day good job thanks", "Used to be so awesome...but some of the latest changes have made it hard to get bingos and earn chips even with 2 instant win chips...top 3 doesn't earn nearly as much anymore", "used to be pretty good when you first start then as you progress you lose more and more. all the fun dies pretty quick.", "Ever since I updated I can't get to the game. Keeps saying \"can't load mono\"", "like. could use a little more direction on special gifts", "Best bingo game but it's addictive and it has cost me more than any other game.", "Game is fun but you have to close 15+ pop ups just to actually play", "I'm having lots of fun playing this bingo game. I've finally found a great bingo game to play!!!", "good game to much of wanting store purchases which spoils it totally", "so addicting love to play it while im relaxing after work. \ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude00 highly approve \u2764\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0d", "I think there is no other game like it Thanks I truly love playing the game", "great game but could use more cherries i am on level 596 n u only get 20 cherries when u level up i think the higher up u level the more cherries u should get", "U don't get much cherries unless u buy them.. waste of time", "excellent fun amazing. Love the scratch off feature.", "Not the best bingo app around. Mildly interesting.", "fun, variety of play. lots of ways to get credits without purchasing.", "addicted to this game. been playing it at least 3-10 times everyday.", "the game is fun but it keeps force closing and I keep losing cherries", "not able to sign out once sign in with Facebook", "it's fun and relaxing i enjoy playing this game i like finishing all the puzzles i have tried other bingo games and Bingo Pop is the best", "Boggles my mind and keeps me from going stir crazy", "it's a good game wish there was a better way to get more cherries", "Cool game just take a long time to get bonus cherries.", "My favorite app.! So much fun. Love the graphics. I like to play this to unwind, relax and to clear my mind. Thank for the fun. Becki", "love this bingo game I've played a lot of bingo games and this is one of the best ones", "this game is awesome if you love losing have no value on your time and really really need something to do. I recommend it. don't kid yourself this game is for you.", "I love the variety of games all in1! I still love to play Bingo Pop!", "I used to loose at the Regular bingo! Now, I don't! I LOVE THIS APP! I WIN!", "Need more cherries and should be more easy to get bingo's and rewards but love the game", "still can't seem to ever get ahead... never enough cherries to complete the daily goals\ud83d\ude21", "I love this game but every few days I have to update . It makes it much harder to get a quick game in.", "Love it. I play when I have cherries it's all you can do", "Fun game, lots of great features and prizes! Thank you-committed gamer", "Just need more cherries per day to make this 5 star. to many games take a ton of cherries to play so very little play time per day", "Should give you more cherries the higher you level up is it stinks and only using 20 cherries no matter what level so more", "hours of fun good odds of winning", "its a rigged game....you simply cant win.....and you can just play two rounds with your cherries and then wait a whole day......its bogus", "Would give it 5 but it takes to long to refill the cherries", "My phone is my BEST friend in the world having fun", "i thought this game would be good its not way to much going on i was kinda confused!Not the best sorry", "i absolutely love this bingo game, its just ridiculous how addicted too this one bingo game!!! i play it religiously everyday two three times a day lol!!!", "They are dishonest and steal from you. Becareful.", "I love the 1st version of bp, But I really,really love this version.i give this game more than 5stars", "Great game! Wish they would give u more tickets and cherries", "best bingo game I have found online", "Great bingo fun!...Wish the game would relax on freebies, and winning/using cherries...", "game is addicting and tons of fun. wish clubs were cheaper to create tho! 500 cherries is WAY too much for that!", "great game. easy to keep enough coins and cherries. And you win enough to keep it fun.", "i prefer mind stimulating games. if they work then i will keep the game for ages. this is one of those games that i will keep for quite some time.", "I've needed the same game for over 2 weeks. Biggest shitshow in Bingo....", "I love the game but I hate running out of cherries so fast!!", "I love Bingo. It's relaxing and fun to play.", "Its a cool game but you are always butterd about buying more.", "Did you guys take away the daily bonus of cherries?", "its fun end addicting but they really need to find another way to get cherries.", "love the game. Wish it would give out more cherries", "great game ,I'm addicted", "the numbers are somewhat biased.", "Awesome & Exciting .. Cant stop....must quest for cherries and more cherries....... ....... & then even MORE CHERRIES....ahhh ha haa!", "I love it! can't stop playing!", "Add an Auto-Scratch button and more puzzles please. Other than that, it is an amazing game!", "love playing this game glad u added extra things", "To hard to get cherrys", "not so good game", "best bingo game ever. just wish they would give out more cherries lol", "Sweet! best thing to play after work!", "I've played for over a month now. and I've only gotten bingo three times", "A very addictive game and improved with the current update. Recommended to all", "like but dont have enough playing coins", "I am 100% addicted, I love the graphics, and the different missions are fun.", "My favorite game on the play store ... love it", "fun game to play", "Great, just wish it didnt take 24 hours to get more cherries to play", "its very hard to get bingo on.one card", "best bingo game ever...", "really like this game,but takes a long time to finish room", "FUN WITH INTERESTING SURPRISES", "play for hours if I had enough cherry", "I love the game play", "It's hard to get double or triple bingo's", "more levels on scratch please", "love this game but dont give enough cherries", "I LOVE Bingo Pop. There aren't any other bingo games that compare to Bingo Pop", "I love the game, very intersting and easy to play.", "nice game and graphics but boring", "Love the games. Wish there were less ads and faster loading times", "luv it , addicted trying to achieve first", "it has been a great for time and they seem want to get better and intrested in what you think.", "Could do with more ways of winning cherries but apart from that, great!", "real fun! wish there were more ways to earn cherries.", "very bad game", "im very addicted", "never had so much fun even going out to the bingo halls", "I'm 73 years old", "don't download. too many ads", "its not working..this is suck\ud83d\udc4e", "i cant put ot down", "great game, very addictive", "Where the hell is all the cherries?", "Totally addicted to it", "So far it's alright.", "I wish cherries would come easier, but i love it.", "not enough cherries....but lots of fun...exciting", "Love this bingo game been playing for the last 5 yrs.", "love that I don't have to spend money to play this game", "absolutely love this game, I wish there was more like it", "I really like playing it it's just to hard to get cherrys", "great game. just wish there were more credits. lol", "I must really love this game...got me spending money", "so addicting!", "great game so addicting", "I LOVE BINGO POP", "Speed up the cherries takes to long to play again", "I really enjoy playing this game.gotta love it", "cool game takes awhile before you get established", "I love bingo anyway but this is the best one by far", "after several years...still the best bingo app there is\ud83d\ude01", "I love this game but it hard to get bingo or the bonus game", "Need more cherries", "great time killer game love it", "need higher cherry reward. cherries to play extremely high.", "this is a Bingo game where i dont have to stop playing because i ran out of power..", "hhavent played yet", "Need more cherries", "I like the game", "keep you thinking", "hard to get bingos", "good game. could use more options for free game play.", "I love it. Still playing two years later", "I love bingo pop...the only game i play continuously", "best beat the bordom game", "A lot of fun.", "Love It \u2764\ufe0f\u2763\ufe0f", "Love it cant win enough cherries to keep playing", "One of the best games I play", "love the game need a way to win more cherries", "fun, no need to be online all the time!", "fun simple and its addicting lol highly recommend", "my fave game, a bit cheap with the cherries though...", "most addicting games ever! I love it", "looove it\ud83d\ude0d\ud83e\udd29\ud83d\ude06 thanks", "just started playing on this one so far so good", "I play lots of games, this one is one of the best."], "Kids Spelling Matching Game": ["This app help children to learn many things\ud83d\ude00", "worst app", "It is very very nice game .", "very good for children", "best kids application \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18", "helping the education", "nice game", "good", "Good", "nice", "good", "Good", "Good game but once you make a mistake you have to intentionally make another mistake to complete. Not good.", "no sound othet wise good teaching app took out no sound goog way to break phone", "app is good but want option for indian english version. pronouncetion slightly dificult to understand for 4 ye children", "She is still learning but the problem is that they aren't saying the words correctly", "time killlller so boring \ud83d\ude11", "it is nice game for kids.they can easily learn the words with help of matching by picture/voice", "Its too good.. I install this app for my daughter.. Good app for kids \u2764", "nice game for 1to 4std children \ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude0d", "its very useful for all kids thanks heartly thanks again...", "super excellent good for kids", "it is a so good game \ud83d\ude01\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4b", "It is a very usefull game for kind and learn", "Bad game i hate the game", "It,s great spellings.", "right to generation of the iPad and iPhone users are able to be at home with a bit of a new generation to generation of the iPad and iPhone users are able to be at home with a bit of", "good \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c", "I love this \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c", "NAMAN Deeqa", "nic game", "I think its cool but not too hard \ud83d\ude06\ud83d\ude06", "This game is wonderful for the kids. I like this game", "very nice app", "best aaps", "very nice.learning too for kids.", "good for kids", "this. cool. nice. and. It. good. for. me ro. learn", "best game", "good game", "ojas", "very nice app", "ok", "This is very fun game \ud83d\udd2f\ud83c\udde7\ud83c\udde6\ud83c\uddf7\ud83c\udde6\ud83c\uddf7\ud83c\udde8\ud83c\uddee\ud83c\uddec\ud83c\udded\ud83c\uddec\ud83c\udded", "it okay", "Chinmmayee", "Good game \ud83d\ude42", "very nice", "Nice game\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "nice game", "excellent", "nice", "excellent", "Nice", "useful", "good", "wonderful", "good", "Nice", "nice", "love it", "\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\ude30\ud83d\ude30\ud83d\ude30\ud83d\ude1d\ud83d\ude1d\ud83d\ude1d\ud83d\udc01\ud83d\udc01\ud83d\udc16\ud83d\udc37", "good application for kids", "gooot aaps", "Good game", "Good .", "it is useful for kids", "Great", "Helpfull aap for kids Easy to learn", "Nice learning app", "Superrr game", "Fantastic", "Can I play right now that game. Ok!", "This game is nice for my child my child is 7 year old vo is game se spelling sikh paaa rha h is game me sab sahi h bas isme sahi se voice nhi aati bas ye kami h fir bhi mne isse 5 star diye h mere child ko ye bahut pasand aaya\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude42\ud83d\ude42\ud83d\ude42\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c", "please Download This games terms and condition for your email to get Google", "This is so good this type of gams are go for kids", "this is nice game my sister not abcd this game is nice game", "not nice", "so boring \ud83d\ude08\ud83d\ude20", "so boring game", "? i want to check this out?", "not clearly teaching voice", "jk lol", "Aman rajak", "This game is nice for kids", "the best app.good for kids. you gays install it on your own risk \ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18", "it's nice game for kids", "fair", "super..\u2661", "Anu Bai", "hat sala", "super", "bingo", "boaring game", "Not interested", "nice game for kids", "very nice game", "love it...my kids love them too...thank you so much.", "Great good game", "asadansari", "it is good for kids!", "very nice", "Jiya", "looks good", "Good game \ud83d\udc90\ud83c\udfcd\ufe0f\ud83c\udfcd\ufe0f\ud83d\udc90", "Nice game", "good game \ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "I love", "very good", "good", "Good", "NICE", "good", "good", "Good", "good", "it is fun", "good"], "Bubble Levels": ["So many adds downloading that my phone dies fast, gets hot and the new adds \non the bottom with racing borders around and around seems programmed by a \nchild fresh from school. No more", "I love playing this game so much I hate to take time to write a review. Try it GREAT GAME!!!! And I'm not a computer.", "A lot of commercials have not found any magical items", "good for stress relief, friendly, just  popping bubbles, nice and easy. Thanks for making  it", "They start out good but they end up just like the rest of the game they suck", "Good game Not to Heavy.. Like others that strand you at a level you can't pass!!!", "like the game but keeps locking up", "The game is fix, don't get random colour ball, the colour ball is rigged. \nDon't always get get colour ball, you want. Going uninstall the game", "I love it so easy and alot of stages which didn't give you boring.", "Why when I got too 1750 it says more levels coming soon", "Very easy levels its more be fun when levels are little be difficult", "Lots of fun keeps the mind shar kee", "Fun to play. Even my small grandkids can play", "Enjoy popping these bubbles!", "It is nice but many adds are there I don't like adds but the game is nice", "Dont change a thing.i love this game .very relaxing", "It is not more interesting ....tq", "E that you keep asking me to rate so I got rid of the game.", "No freezing content play continually action", "Have never played a game where i could go to such a high level. Love it.", "Good game with soft thinking", "I love it v good", "It's a fun game to play", "Super, nice game.", "Toooooooooooooooooo many levels and still uploading", "Nice game .... enjoyed playing", "i love it.it reminds me bubble champion.happy to play it", "loving it but not as a pizza\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02", "Love love this game", "This game is amazing)", "Can i sell my coin?", "I like it very much", "It's quite nice.", "A lot of ads ,", "It is a good game", "MaKes you think.", "Love this game!!", "I love games", "it's simply amazing", "addicted to this game", "maza aaya", "Very good.", "Nice game.", "very nice game", "Waste of time", "\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07", "Good game", "Can be challenging", "Hakikat khan", "Nice game", "Just to easy.", "Exciting ! \ud83d\udc4d", "Liked the levels.", "Very best", "Awesome game", "Ok .", "Nice game", "\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18", "Nice game", "Great game", "Nice game", "BRILLIANT! !!", "\u2763\ufe0f", "Like", "nice n easy game", "Best game", "Nice game", "Great game", "coollll", "\ud83d\udc4c\ud83c\udffb", "Nice application", "fun game", "Awesome", "Fun", "Love it", "Good", "Cool", "ok", "Love it", "Good", "Nice", "Good", "good", "Good", "Good", "Fun", "very good", "best to play", "nice", "nice.", "good.", "nice", "fun", "Very good game And I think you should be able to get a new one for you", "I have been trying to get a hold of the show", "Yaha game very good", "Very nice and interesting game", "Supar niycee game", "Kamal prret kps", "It's awesome app ..", "This game is nice", "satish sharma", "Naveed.asif As", "Entertaining!!", "Time killer", "xxxx o", "Very nice", "So good", "It's nice", "So nice", "so so", "Good game", "Ckkkkkk", "Games", "dinesh", "Niche", "Ganesh", "Ojas", "Jitender", "Hate", "God", "\u0928\u0940\u0938", "Ok", "Sam", "yt", "Gam", "verry interesting games", "Nice game", "d u n d u l", "Bakwaas", "Hina", "BubbleLevels", "very nice & easy", "\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "bad", "Nice", "Nice", "Good", "Beautiful", "Love", "Loved it", "Good", "Nice", "Nice", "good", "Nice", "Good"], "FreeCell Solitaire": ["I love it, being an old cogger I have plenty of time to do this app I have 2. All I need to say is u have put a.lot of time and energy to put it together, themes graphics I could keep on going. The only thing that I can't get to understand is the download amount, and the installation amount is far m...Full Review", "Great game. Does as it promises with minimal ad intrusion and the ads that are there are relevant, no need to worry about the kids seeing them. Keep up the good work guys, we need more games like this.", "thank you for making this well crafted freecell game. minimal ad intrusion, slick but simple graphics and sounds, hints are easy to turn on and off. the programmers that make free game apps like this are the real heroes.", "Best one on the app store. There are ads but there not really in the way. You get full screen ad on occasion which is exceptable since itdosnt pop up in the middle of a game.", "Cool game! \ud83e\udd23 Turn off the hokey music, and it's a great game for \"something to do with my hands!\"", "My favorite solitaire game. Have played it off and on for a long time.", "very to use. Keep getting annoying adverts for other games that only go away if I shut down Freecell but not apps fault I guess.", "45 seconds sucked ads in the way cover contols distractions during game ...bye", "The scores are flashed up so quickly at the end of each game that you have no chance of reading them. It takes a harder tapping pressure to get cards to move than in other versions. Scoring info is non-existent.", "Love this game. Wish some ads weren't so long but overall love it!!!", "Dies not seem to advise when a game cannot be won. Uninstalled.", "I am not sure if you have any questions or concerns please visit the plug-in settings and make sure you have any questions", "excellent game. easy to play. minimal ad interruptions", "The new design is dysfunctional and ugly.", "no bugs. phenomenal", "not the best layout", "great way to kill time, but keep the brain thinking / exercising.", "So far, hardly any ads! Very pleasant. Lots of choices for background and styles numbers, Etc.", "very addictive can't put it down. so many strategies, I'M Never Bored!", "Winning deal does not mean you have a chance at winning that deal.", "I wanted FreeCell, I got FreeCell. Very straightforward. And the ads are manageable.", "nice time waster", "in less than 6 mins legitimate moves not allowed", "I'm enjoying it very much. It's plain, simple and easy to understand.", "Is all that you could need for this game.", "would be 5 it's hard to put cards in another line", "I really enjoy it, easy on the nerves", "I like the hints", "i like the fact that i can play easily in numerical order and i dont have to wait for all the animation for the next game", "Love this. Great for switching off for a break !", "keep up your strategies", "Constantly asks to rate", "Fun to play mostly winnable after studying board for awhile. I. E. Wonderful time killer", "grwat game", "I just like it.", "Easy to play and understand.", "Ads are not awful.", "just the way i like it, ui, suggestions.....\ud83d\udc4d", "ads are reasonable.", "Different but Challenging......been playing less than 30days", "great game easy to use and add are manageable", "Cards traditionally are black and red. these are noy.", "Great game for Seniors over Seventy.", "love the game, adds are not bad", "A true freecell game with some degree of customization.", "very fun version of classic game", "fun and the highlighted cards are helpful", "keeps my mind sharp!", "Fast and adverts between games not timed", "very entertainingk", "Nice game brain stroming", "So far so good", "It is exactly what I want", "love this version its great", "I am so impressed with this card game.", "i like this game. great for past time.", "Wow what an AWESOME game! Thank you!!!!!!!!!", "Good game to help pass the time. I love it.", "Very good app,enjoyed it immensely", "Love it, I play for hours", "Very easy to play. Animations aren't too intrusive.", "very relaxing, entertaining", "cards move quickly. auto hints.", "this is a great game to pass time", "A good game", "exhibit record of best 10games", "good game for time pass", "like it", "clean, simple, basic, all thumbs up!", "brilliant exciting fun.", "always enjoyed this..recommended", "great fun. great game!!!", "really good fun", "fun game!", "Addicting and challenging!", "it's challenging love it.", "Amazing experience!", "good enough to enjoy", "really enjoy this game...", "good time pass", "I love the game it plays fast!!! \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "\u062c\u064a\u062f\u0629", "amazing game\ud83d\udc4c", "Best Game ever!!!!!!!", "lots of fun.", "very good \ud83d\udc4d", "good game .", "amazing!", "amazing!!", "Very nice", "great game", "I love it", "fun game", "Very good", "its awesome", "great game", "good stuff", "nice game", "just fun...", "nice game....", "Loving it.", "amazing,", "good ~", "love it", "love it", "awesome", "fun", "amazing", "superb", "i love it", "love it", "love it", "luv it", "good", "nice", "good", "good", "excellent", "great", "awesome", "enjoyable", "nice", "i love it", "enjoyed it", "good", "Loved it until it just wiped my stats and reset to 0%- I was at 96.98% wins over 2000+ games. Not a happy camper.", "The fact that it doesn't have multiplayer is really disappointing.  It's 2018 people!  No one should have to play solitaire alone. It feels like a constant reminder that, even in this age of technology, I have no friends to play with.  I gave it a 5 because even though it doesn't have what i persona...Full Review", "My main complaint is that it gives ONE brief opportunity to finish the game automatically. If you miss it, you have to either take a loss, or spend time slowly finishing the game.", "The good thing of this game does not take a lot  of places in memories. But there are some thing could be adjusted to be better. Thanks", "Pop-up ads galore. These apps will slow down your phone to a crawl. Avoid this app at all costs.", "Does not work well", "The app loads within two seconds every time. Keeps track of my scores and win history. Great version of freecell.", "Fraud", "No", "Keep getting a message telling me Freecell has stopped whenever I try and start it.", "Keeps freezing, now won't let me move cards", "I won and now it crashes every time I start it", "Hung and would not deal again.", "Keeps crashing", "Good", "Good freecell app, one of the best in the store. Sometimes it doesn't do a very good job distinguishing clicks from drags but other than that it's fine. I wish I could have a setting to always autocomplete the game. Some times I click away from the dialog and end up having to do it all one by one.", "Great way to spend time while waiting in a dentist's or doctor's office. It's challenging and sometimes frustrating!", "Smooth graphics and easy to read. Is there an ad-free option?", "I have been playing for awhile and I find this game entertaining :).", "Good way to pass time by playing your favorite game :)", "Doesn't crash like many others", "A good game", "Nicely put together game", "Nice relaxing game", "Love to play this game!", "Classic", "Been awhile... Loving it", "Free cell", "Ffdaacg", "Good graphics...challenging", "Good relaxing game", "The smoothest and best FreeCell on Android in my opinion. Greatly appreciate the small app size as compared to most other FreeCell games. Would just like the PLAY menu popup to be made visually consistent with the other popups. But, my compliments for a great app.", "Generally good however: 1 app often crashes after completing a game meaning you are bumped back to an earlier save point and have to redo from start: 2 does not reliably pick up taps to send cards to top row and 3 Displays \"Auto Complete Game\"  dialog when revealing the final blocked card but if you...Full Review", "It used to be great, now ads are popping up over the menu, and you are tapping ads a lot instead of the menu. Shame! Got rid of the app, looking for a better one.", "Played it ten times, won all ten. Stats say I lost twice, but I uninstalled because it froze about six times in two days then when I got to play it would only show the play board but no cards!", "I never got the app to work. Scam of some kind? I deleted to be safe.", "Stay away, installed unwanted apps and annoying AdWare that caused pop-up ads even when game was not active.", "freezes up every time! new android device. bummer!", "Didn't load any game play. Too many ads but no freecell to play.", "Crap", "this FreeCell does only crash", "Keeps stopping, and when playing cards disapeer", "Would be perfect if there was an option to get rid of ads", "Downloaded   you  help", "Ms", "Bugs while installing", "its so cool", "Free cell", "Wooiw", "amasijg options", "full of bugs", "no thanks", "Need more awesomness", "My mom loves it", "Nice Game", "cool man", "Good", "Nice", "GOOD", "Love it", "Good", "fun", "good", ""], "Casino Roulette: Roulettist": ["I do think its the most realistic to real roulette except the board is backwards, I play almost everyday!", "game is addictive, but heats up the phone very badly (Google pixel)!!!", "The best roulette table app out there.", "harsh bhai 100", "Free mind relaxing enjoy the game", "very gd game", "roulette only can max bet 300....too low", "love it.awsome", "like to see the roellet", "i like it!", "super", "graet game love it", "very good i really like", "Very good casino game", "fun and entertaining", "Love it", "good", "great", "great", "good", "Very good game, set out like a real casino table and has a very real life touch to it. Best roulette fame I've come across", "It's a great past time. I like it and i have to fight my girlfriend to play it!", "Very elaborate roulette game, probably the most realistic, 3D rendered.", "This game vert cool . Th\u00e9 graphic are very good line real one. Good job.", "Worst game, unable to start, showing as error and asking to try again.", "Its very good game i like it is a super", "This is the most awesome game . Fantastic and enjoyable to play. Love it", "It's awesome new interesting. But, sometimes connection error. Apart from that it's cool", "I don't understand the whole show", "Very realist and great graphics. Enjoyed playing it.", "Sooooo addictive so reaaaaaal", "What a game I loved it", "This is really good", "Sweet game come let's play together it's Fun .....\u2661\u2661\u2661\u2661", "Love it time consuming", "The game os noce", "Perfect roullette apps, exactly like in casino \ud83d\udc4d", "Improve the quality of the graphic", "Steadyyyyyyy From Malaysia", "Good for time pass", "the best casino game ever", "Well designed and plenty of games to.play", "Bad game", "Just great!", "Wicked", "Bekaar", "Very nice and eazy", "Great", "Very good.", "Best", "Awesome game", "Great", "Great", "Good", "Cool", "I can't say nothing bad about this game. Real fun not too many ads, awesome awesome awesome. 1 of the best games hands down.", "Makes you get addicted to the real life situation. Play with moderation. I love roulette \u2764\ufe0f", "Unable to set up my powder in the way I played because the game starts to son", "Good so far. Playing smart not greedy, taking my time 5.5k up in approx 2 hours", "Awesome game I feel Iam at a real casino hats off thanks for the game", "Betting time should extent 10sec8", "The best roullette casino", "LOVE!!", "Awesome fun", "Very perform", "Very addictive", "Nice app", "good", "Good game", "Nice", "Lot of bugs, the guy who got single pair won when i have 2 pairs in hand,Open cards are Q,3,6,A,A and i got 3,6 in hand n the Who got Q,J won the game,asked for the help n they simply messaged for ur conviniance we added Rules in the game and go through it, worst experiance\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e.", "This game is waste of time. Don't waste your mobile data.VV.. Poor game", "THE NEW UPDATE IS NO GOOD,ALWAYS MAKE SOME ERROR,AND ALWAYS LAG..", "It is the best casino game i have ever played. Loved it so much. Anyone who likes to go to casino will surely love this game. Totally fantastic.", "I will try first, if this game is good I give 5 stars. is there a prize ??? \ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01", "fantastic games loved the black jack plays just like in casino.", "I like it too much, I feel like I am in a Casino", "Sach me hi bhot badiya game he I love this game", "Time pass game, it's fun", "Addicting fun! Lol.", "U should be able to bet more", "Best casino game i have ever plaued", "I like to play this game in my free tym...", "It's v nice", "Incredible and amazed Loved it\ud83d\ude0a", "Friendlly game, thanks!", "very nice game for ever", "What are the means of payment..", "This is waste of time", "The best app", "Pretty good replica of roulette...", "Duniya ka sabse bakwas game", "best game in world", "Great casino game loved it", "Yes!", "Easy to win money", "Weary good game", "it is totally amaaaaaaaaaaaaaazing", "Nic game", "Perfect for me", "I like it", "Best Experience roulette", "tha best", "Ilove the game", "Waste of time", "Kam game", "Should improve the graphics", "It good", "Mst", "Nice game", "Tp", "Rigged", "Super", "Super", "Gerat", "God", "Super", "Nice game", "Ok", "yes", "Gud", "Very good game", "Nice game", "I love it", "Nice game", "AMAZING", "Great", "Good", "Nice\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude06\ud83d\ude06\ud83d\ude06", "Nice game", "Nice", "Ppl", "Good", "Good", "Nice", "Great", "Nice", "Nice", "awesome", "Marvellous", "It's nice to pass your time with so many options. Although just now I have \nbought the chips and the amount is deducted but I haven't got the chips \ncredited in my account", "Thanks for the game... Such a beautiful collection of games and a feeling \nof casino is amazing... Found a friend name Paula... Spent hours of \nrestless playing... Keep it up guys u built a addictive game\ud83d\udc4d", "The best game all in one like a real casino", "Very nice app..can dwnld it.good tympass", "Worst game no instructions \ud83d\udc79", "Nice...... Thank you for providing this game guys", "Good Casino Games!", "its very great game", "Great game\u2611\ufe0f", "Is game is very very very very very very very very very very very very \nveryyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy v. E. R. Y. \nGood\ud83d\ude0b", "I am like this game", "Very best game", "Good for all players", "very very good game", "very nice game", "Yer it's good", "Just enjoying", "Not cool", "good for playing", "Like this GAME", "Good I can feel", "StuYo7 Stupid", "Hmm", "Fatasti", "Very nice", "Ghatiya game", "Big woww !", "Nice app", "Best app", "Super", "Fudu", "Nice", "Loved it", "Good", "Nice", "Best game than 8 ball pool and clash of clans", "This game is the best Casino game out there.. class...", "I love this game so much thanks for the nice game so much thanks", "It is a nice game it's real casino", "Worst game in the world not understood", "Such a good interface and some good poker.", "It's such nice Game", "Real game feeling\ud83c\udfc5\ud83c\udf7b", "Its a nice game...", "Awesome bro", "Good fun", "Bakwas", "Best", "Nice", "Superb", "Nice", "nice", "BEST", "Happy", "Awesome", "Cheating game. Ball suddenly disappears then appears on the number 0. \nUnrealistic physics.", "Gave another try, truly extremely hard to win, the roulette is probably the worst of all.", "excellent game ,,,love it", "Veri bet games", "Nice game"], "Stick War: Legacy": ["the game was at first very nice however after an update tournament became much harder,before it was possible to win on hard without having to buy specials and spend real money,now if you dont spend money you will hardly win at all. the AI will straight uo CHEAT to keep up with you for example you ha...Full Review", "the game is pretty good but i think it needs some changes, here are my suggestions. Let the player change their clan name and statue because i wanted to have the statue that has 2 swords forming an x and my clan be called Omaha. make it were we can customize our units skins, and let us make a unit c...Full Review", "great remake of the original everything is similar and it runs really well actually, dosent absorb too much power either. the endless mode is a great add on for plyers who beat the campaign.I'm giving it 4 only because it dosent have multiplayer, the tournament mode is AI only? I'm not sure but as f...Full Review", "I am sorry with my ignorant reply, it seems that your Chest update completed my request already. My only request would be to expand the storyline. I would like new stuff to do. New characters to play and use. New tactics and maybe new backgrounds and music. That'll tremendously increased this games ...Full Review", "this game has become pay2win...you cant win in insane if you dont spend 200-500 gems per game...you cant win even in hard difficulty tournents without spending at least 500 gems...also you have to pay to get some of the new \"skins\" which lets face it are the reason the game got harder(buying these w...Full Review", "fun lil game to pass the time. Endless deads mode be my go to. got some skins, the devs make them easy to obtain, but random. just gotta get to fighting. wish we could see a bit more of a upgrade system, maybe the club for the giant, be a boost for endless. Great Game", "game play is fune awaome time passer. but if you track your gems from crates youll notice your being shorted \u2153 of the time. its not alot at once, about 4% of the time. dont recommend purchasing anything from them untill they fix this.", "the game failed to load on my device. i have played this game on other devices and it worked but it won't work for me on this device. if i can't play it I give a bad review. however the graphics look like all the other stick games so in that. graphics get a four star", "i love this game, however i have a few suggestions that i feel could make it better: quests/challenges e.g. kill 10 guants for 300 gems. i feel like there needs to be more ways to get gems. also when you put a skin on the magi kill can it be equipped on his minions as well", "I played the PC equivalent ages ago back when it was up on Kongregate and Armour Games and honestly been playing it a bunch since I got it on my phone a few days ago and it's a pretty good version of it and it's almost exactly how I remembered it. The Giant is still a dick to fight but one that buy ...Full Review", "it is good to me and my family and friends that are not the only once thet likes it when you get to know what game it gets worse you get to the bos your in a. big deal to. win or lose it all in the is fun it is the best game ever how evr med. this game is the best thank you so much for making this g...Full Review", "This game is just perfect all though I think it would need some type of improvement. The first thing on my mind is that you make the map into a like globe that would have more enemy's to fight. My second thing I am not very sure about is if you would add in some new enemy's future type like with gun...Full Review", "This game is really awesome. Even though some haters are saying that the giant on the last level is too hard, it really makes the game fun and tests your strategy. However, please add a pvp mode that would be amazing. This is a great game and everyone should download it.", "So I played this game which clearly has had a lot of love put into it. All the controls work fine, the animations are smooth and the storyline isn't as cringey as you would think. The problem I have is with the final boss, and here's why. I played on normal (which is the easiest difficulty) and I ha...Full Review", "overall a great game, but it keeps restarting my phone for no reason. whenever I beat a level, it restarts my phone every single time. it's really irritating, and I even lose a lot of progress on the Endless Mode because of it.", "I loved the Stick War games, all of them. This game is great too! The Endless Deads is really addicting and it's getting difficult even with all the upgrades. - Night 22 for now", "honestly a good, honest strategy game, but there are way too many ads for my taste. Almost after any battle I do, there's an ad. If that ever changes, I'll give this 5 stars", "I love this game and I was going to ask you for to update it where their would be different skins but you added them in anyways so that is perfect however, id like their to be another map because I have already completed it on all modes (normal, hard and insane). so it would be greatly appreciated i...Full Review", "The level of ads on here is ridiculous. I've taken to downloading the apps advertised just to rate them one star. I recommend everyone else do the same, let's break these greedy bastards.", "was once a great game but now its festered with advertising. optional watch an add to double your reward then immediately force you to watch an ad. what is the deal? people don't buy enough in game content that you have to pollute the game?", "I love this game! It feels just like the original but better! It controls great and the updates keep the game fresh. One thing I'd say is the levels in classic mode get a little repetitive.", "I like this game a lot, I would give it 5 if the Speartons were prioritized in front of the Swordwraths. it's annoyingly hard to make a shield wall.", "Best Game Ever!!!! This Would really help my gaming channel even though the last level is super rage worthy I still love this game but can you please at the more where you can make you own stickman and fight or can you add a multiplayer otherwise known as online mode I really gotta show my sister th...Full Review", "it will be awesome to add more skins and play another empire because its too boring if play just one empire and also make the campaign longer and thrilling gameplay and lastly and a multiplayer so we can play with our friends and feel like we are playing stick empire in pc and this will get highest ...Full Review", "Not a bad game good storyline and mission i finished everything... but after you finish it there is actualy almost nothing to do... my opinion is that maybe put more missions and more gamemodes but now it still the best", "Pretty lazy of the developers to not have a PVP mode. Or you're just incapable? This game would be awesome if you could compete with other players and friends.", "THIS GAME IS GREAT WOULD BE EVEN BETTER IF THERE COULD BE A (VS MODE) WHERE YOU CAN PLAY AGAINST (FACEBOOK FRIENDS) \ud83e\udd3c\ud83c\udffd\u200d\u2642\ufe0f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f \ud83e\udd3c\u200d\u2640\ufe0f that way I can battle my friends head 2 head. PLEASE CONSIDER THIS IDEA !!!! it would boost the rating and become the game of the year.", "I have always loved stickmen, but this game drives me crazy and i can't stop playing it. wish it had more chapters nice time killer so much love it thanks alot", "Great start then level 4 or 5 you get fantastically over powered enemies who can suddenly spawn a mass of ridiculously over powered reinforcements as soon as it looks like you might win.... Poor form guys, I will not pay to win...", "I Love this but could you make multiplayer? like 2vs2 or maybe 2vs1 because I think this game is better if there's multiplayer mod also sorry for my bad english", "in the next update or sooner version in this game i want to battle real people meaning, i want to have a multiplayer in this game and can be Bluetooth or WiFi connection is your own choice creator or developers. I just want this update sooner so it will make it more fun to the people so please let t...Full Review", "This game just keeps getting better then when i first played it, 5 stars from me since you added a zombie mode :) however i think you could do more improvements (one example would be adding 1 special skin for each army member, that would be awesome :) ) Keep up the good work", "I already cleared campaign in the easy stage, but it reset all my current progress every time i change the difficulty of the game. I guess it needs more new maps, stuffs, or etc. Since it's somewhat repeative and boring to play again.", "it is fun however the game is slow paced because just like the original, it is extremely difficult towards the end game. even on normal. i like the mixing of the first and second game, the new costumes for the characters, and some new designs. overall it is a fun and nostalgic experience", "please make this game a pvp so i can fight with other players and please make more stages and levels becuase this game is \ud83d\udd25please make more because am bored of just fighting and repeating all stages one by one and fighting bot players so please we all want a pvp and more stages me and my bro here w...Full Review", "I recommend two more things here, first, there should be player vs player live games and second, there should be alliance or clan group to join and get help from them. Hope you add these features in the next update and make this game one of the greatests. Thanks", "Wow!! Awesome! it is truly amazing and it strategies are very good but still need update like (horsemen) it would really be cool the Golden legend Spartan is supposed to be given after finishing the story so that It would lead the Spartan in war really interesting and also need a lot of stages the g...Full Review", "once you get close to death you die. thats it. no stoping it. if you have a quarter of health left you just die. its stupid", "this game is the best but all I wish for is that there can be online events and you could go against your freinds and you can make your own profile in the game and character. please do this \ud83d\udc4c\ud83e\udd19\ud83e\udd18\ud83d\udd96\ud83e\udd1e\u270c\ud83d\udc4d", "love the game! addicting, but i wish you could turn the sound effects and music off permanently from the menu screen. thats my only complaint", "I like it.skins make want to play the campain again after i have done it. The chest is good for those who don't spent their diamond but maybe will encourage to spent their diamonds", "My childhood gaming brought to mobile. This game is Amazing! Ads don't get in the way, there are many game modes and different strategies, and it keeps getting updated. Only 4 stars because I think this game has way more potential than it uses. making new campaign maps, Multiplayer mode, new charact...Full Review", "It is great for fun fun fighting game there's one problem though plz make the armour less expensive maybe just make 100 more every higher armour an then it's perfect", "I really enjoy the game and replaying the lower levels, but I was irritated when after I received skins from the boxes it reverted back to me having to purchase. Getting these upgrades is the only reason I continue on the lower level campaigns.", "This game or app is very nice and when I play it than its looks like a rial stick fight. It looks that we are dead and stick men got a life than the stick men new legacy have started. I like it", "the only one of my resume and I am a very nice of her own world and in a while ago the same Day installation and repair the roof and siding on a daily email of fresh trends in customer satisfaction of the day and time for a while back but it was the first to review my attached CV and a great", "well could you pls nerf the last level it is so hard and maybe try adding more levels and each day you get a free chest with in 3 levels wood silver and diamond do this it would srsly go freaking insane", "excellent game. good graphics and music. very true to the original game while adding improvements like upgrades. needs online battles with other players though, please?", "one of the best games I have ever played one can never imagine even that stick man games can be so interesting waiting for its 2nd part also or some big changes in this one only", "The Final Boss Can Be Beaten with just two non upgraded Swordwraths that has the ice skin and if you control one of them then hes freezed forever", "4 stars cause I was very disappointed with the ending of the story I actually finished it in less than an hour. Everything is good but please add more to the story like maybe some kind of new technology has rised from hell or heaven maybe add more than just a few battles and a demon at the end just ...Full Review", "Just imagine if you could use Shadowrath or play as the Chaos Empire. In my opinion Stick War 2 should have a mobile port too.", "Great and very good it is addictive :) if people say the giant at the end is hard then why did my uncle defeat it!?? (i think so)", "pretty fun campaign, and fun gamemodes in general. kind of wish there was an online mode. ads are slightly annoying but ive gotten used to them for now", "this game is getting better and better\ud83d\ude0f\ud83d\ude06\ud83d\ude06\ud83d\ude0d but you should add more stories its too little make it longer people will enjoy it i promise add new charcters and stories thats all", "Brings back old memories of playing this on the family computer when I was 8. Very good remake and brings nostalgia. I only hope that they add a vs mode against a person, it would make the game 10x more fun.", "you should make the max men to 60 and add. a new unit you still didn't.do wut I want i aditid so i can make the rate go down o im the prsin give ing you most money", "It is super fun if your looking to get.it get now!!!!!!! also the skin update is super cool.and the chest give you so much gems!!! and skins which are great. also please get rid of Wesley!!!!!!! he is so annoying in tournament \ud83d\ude2d Max game studio please online 1v1's or 2v2's", "needs more upgrades, like a helmet for archers, sword for giants, or better minions. still great game, it's fun. Need to get gems easier. The skins are hard to get. Love the game tho!", "Great Concept. It has much more potential than what it is right now. It's fun, but short, options run out quickly. Too many adds..", "I remember playing the original game on computer many years ago and this brought back so many memories and I loved it! I think it's really awesome the basically just did a remaster of the original instead of trying to do a spin off or sequel.", "AWESOME!  best mobile game ever! all of the skins were amazing and the treasure boxes had some pretty good stuff in them,but two suggestions             1. can you make some armor for the giants? 2.can you make one more set of armor like robotic armor or something? that's it but overall it's a great...Full Review", "ok IT G9T RID OF MY 6 GRIFFFIN THE GREAT MY eight elites and 13 golden Speartons and 16 meric and I pay so much gems please give me it back", "Yo i love this game the fact that they improved it from its pc counter part and the attention to detail especially with the Speartons. This game was my childhood and now that i can carry it around in my pocket and I dont need to play it on a computer i truly appreciate the people who developed this ...Full Review", "thanks for the update and for me to see if I think of anything else you hhjfu to j about to go o to the Lord of the rings and grace are you doing today and how much is the time to save the money to pay for the day and time to meet with me and I will be there at the same time and place and I'll be th...Full Review", "an all around fun remake of the original game that expands upon more aspects than the previous two with references to both. great game, id love to see a sequel if possible!", "its a challenging and fun game. i feel like the game got harder since i last played it though. i think they should tweak the final level in champaign mode to make it a bit easier.because ive ben on it for a while now.", "Needs more content. For now it feels lacking. Also holy crp the skins arw expensive", "I love it an awesome time killer such good graphics too I would love it if you could design your own statue and can you add a daily gift thing if so that would be awesome", "Addicting and nostalgic game for people who enjoyed playing stick war 1, and 2, but would like that experience ro not be such a one win and go.", "you guys, this game is great and the creators need ti do more with it, make a ton more campaigns, but don't overcomplicate it. but this game is one of the best out there", "To make this game with new characters we need to make this game strong first we need to put more levels in the campaign second we need to make a new skins to the gaint and the rest of the soilders third ww need to make to make a online tournament and to make friends to battle in wars together trust ...Full Review", "Great game. I absolutely loved it. Just one suggestion, can you make the vamp skin 2000 gems instead of 3000 because it takes ages to save that many without buying any with real money.", "OP giant and enemy op economy...even spearmans and archers couldn't even beat a single of those as they were having a hard time to reach...they area damage is op and huge, now it was only 1 giant, then came the other 2, killing their miners doesn't even affect anything to their economy....finally ma...Full Review", "its a great game. I've played this game for years on PC didn't even know they had it on phone till I saw it. should defiantly give it a try.", "I love these type of games, i been playing this game since it came out as a flashgame and now on Android, hope you make a part 2 for Android.", "I played this game before it changed. the change with the store and the skin abilities are a great way to balance skill with the bots on harder difficulties. love the new upgrade.", "This game is amazing. Had so much fun playing every second of it. I would suggest you play this game when you are bored or atleast give it a try.", "This game is so fun. and things need to add to this game like new gamemodes and skins, and can you add that you use the gems to buy crates or boxes.Please", "I would give yes to all of the \"is this game\" stuff but they said stuff nothing related to the game but the game has good in graphics and gameplay", "it's one of the best games I have ever played. I have downloaded this game everytime I have gotten a new device.the ending is great, and it's fun, easy to learn ,and very well put together.thank you max studios", "apparently a strategy game now has bots that just rush you at the beginning of the game while using there power ups then they brag about winning in a so called strategy game.", "it Has an experience that I was looking for. it takes problems of my mind. although I think daily rewards and and more modes would be awesome", "I think it is an amazing game but I think you should be able to sell your Comand Points for gems and add extra upgrades too if no selling points", "love the bew dead zombies gameplay and the skins and new chest definitely more challenging and probably the only game i play 95% of the time", "A \"remake\"? no my friend this is art, a great game that shows the stickman style is still strong. Rlly addictive and relaxing, the campaign has a neat and easy to follow story and is pretty challenging on insane difficulty, the tournament has charming characters and the endless dead mode is pretty m...Full Review", "extremely fun game. only thing I'd change is make it longer it's a little too short in campaign mode", "i bought stuff then my phone broke when i got a new phone i downloaded the game and it didnt give me my stuff back that i paid real money for", "This game has some epic stuff which i like the cool stuff is the skins and the chest and the endless deads mode my opinion so do not hate me\ud83d\ude05", "bhai 5 stat to is game ke liye kam hai ise 10 star Milne chahye because i like war games", "i love it i think it would be cool if you could change the color of the player characters (example: from black to red or green) (for just looks) i think it would also be cool if you could change the stickmen to a zombie stickmen (for just looks) i think it would be cool to change your characters ove...Full Review", "this game is cool and the update i veryly unlock the new skin in the chest that i will not buy anything for skin i will use for now on in power ups not for skin cuz the chest is a helper", "Hey dude in the final level delete that giant its not fair i broked the statue it means i win but in the final level cheaters", "This app is one of those apps that you get tired of. But over-all its a good game.", "Good game, but I have an idea. Can you guys make it so you can get different styles of statues?", "fun game, easy controls, and not a lot of ads. Also all the different options allow freedom in picking your own tactics and strategy.", "It's very nice game. I like the new update. but I wish there was a option for online. so that you can challenge other players.", "Awsome game, played few months ago and finished everything then it got boring. They need to add PVP into it and some updates with new maps or something.", "This game has become a lot better since I first played it. The new skins are great. Im glad I re-downloaded.", "This game is such a good way to spend your time, its entertaining, its strategic, it overall a really well made game. I'd like to see a multiplayer online mode in the future, that would make this the perfect game.", "I love stickmans..And stickwar legacy is the best...One of my favorites...the graphics,the controls,the gameplay...just everything is excellent...A very addictive game... It's a great time killer....It is a very impressive game...very interesting...and improved...very challenging game...A game of di...Full Review", "You guys need to make a another map so we can fight more in battles.", "I grew up playing this game online, I have so much nostalgia for this game and having a portable version is great.", "Great! very good game but add more playing opinions so there are 8 there are alredy 5 so id like by the way great game", "You should add more achievement to get more gem and maybe up how much gem you get for the difficulty like insane 100 gem hard 50 gem", "This an amazing game full of addicting content. Although the user controls are a bit difficult to use at times.", "short. it was fun, but the game has only 8 levels. tournament fakes like its online, its all offline.", "Awesome! I would draw stick wars in my notebook all the time when I was a kid. blast from past.lol", "plz add the meme when you defeat grifien the great when the sparta gets grabs and he says THIS ENDS NOW THIS IS SPARTA", "It was soooooooo awsome that i want a part 2 i completed the it is just so cool so plssss max games make a part 2 plsssssssssssssss.", "the game is very nice, the problem is that is always the same... would be great having a continue, long campaign for example or more variants", "ok so this game is really addicting and fun but sometimes it's too pay to win I don't think I could've beat the last campaign lvl without griffin the great ALSO I wish there was a game mode with more army space in it.lastly the game should be more customisable like I want to have a name in tournamen...Full Review", "the best game ever......also needs a sand box wear you can put enfenity troops for both sides and enfinety money.", "i have 2 things rhat you guys need to add 1. more levels 2. more people to obtain", "it's a wonderful game but it's hard to throw a sper and it need ls more levels or a second game but over all amazing", "Amazing bruv. It's simplistic and some what challenging. Not a mix found often. At least for me anyways.", "The game is good for a free stick figure game but some of the levels are difficult but I am working on the that is hard Sub to laser beam", "very fun game. would be so much better if you could match into other online players", "awesome it needs no wifi so I play this game on road trips and ITS FREE PLEASE DOWNLOAD THIS GAME GUYS!", "This is an amazing game with amazing mechanics. I love that you can control your army and I have nothing negative to say about this game", "wow this game very nice please so sorry game ko download kiye online game course lucky patcher lucky patcher lucky patcher very nice like and comment thank you \ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udcf1\ud83d\udcf2\u2714", "I think my experience with this game was fun and I like this game, hopefully you can add more updates", "the gameplay is not bad, because this a remake of the old game with new adjustments, but the control need some tweak. In the end the game is good.", "Great game but please add a 1v1 system so people can battle their friends.", "I played stick wars back in 2010 and it gives me alot of nostalgia, this on android is good but it needs alot more possibilities like multiplayer.", "The characters in the game jad horrible programming always chilling in defense when I pressed attack or targeting units when the castle has 1hp", "It's very difficult, but it's kinda like a strategy game. Meaning I LOVE IT", "THIS GAME IS VERY INTERESTING. CONTROLS ARE VERY GOOD. YOU CAN JUST CHANGE THE GRAPHICS AND MAKE IT BETTER. OTHERWISE, IT IS BEST.", "fight ur time in till u cant aka great time killer", "good game wish it had all the troops from stick war 2 and the levels also needs multiplayer", "Very boring, finish the campaign in under an hour because I've already played this game a lot when I was little, and what's up with all these AI battles pretending to be players it's really stupid.", "I love this game; the whole story line and objectives are amazing. Very strategic in planning and spending skill points on characters.", "Just about the same as the flash version, gameplay-wise, which is good. Way to many ads to enjoy the game. So many ads...", "one of the best games i have ever played. if you could ad some more levels to it it would be great.", "The game runs slowly on my phone and quits every time I complete a campaign level. I also can't play tournament mode or endless mode at all. Please fix this.", "Best mobile but why no skins for giants and the giant the last level ez make him harder please even though I kind of cheese him when I had one spearton and the rest archers. ps when dealing with giants archers with the ice skin too ez", "loved the game, though it is really short. I still love to play the undead mode.", "it is a good game so far u need more action but i love the part of swordwrath", "I loved the game, I just wish they made the campaign longer so I could enjoy the moment longer.", "Hollow, I would want a update for this game please. The kind of update is if when you beat the campain and you try over and over to gems you also get upgrades? so if your gonna put that can you please make so that you can sell upgrades for spells or gems that would be awsome, Thank you for your pati...Full Review", "Good game, but you get to a certain level in the campaign and the enemy charges you with giants. Pretty tough.", "you need to add more maps to play the a the game is really fun thank you it's a great game", "years ago, when i was just a boy i played this game. i have had many battles, now years later i can battle once again, five stars from me.", "i am beging u this game needs a part 2 like the computer won so ples do a part 2", "awesome game, i have been playing a long time. i hope that some multiplayer gameplay will be added.", "the game is not bad but it could use a LAN multiplayer and wifi multiplayer so i can play with friends one on one", "I really love strategic games like this and this one really hit it out of the park.", "SO, really unlike the original game in certain way, wish this was on pc would be better if it was, oh and no premium currency would be necessary the chest thing is ok but no buying chests you know things that would make this better for PC Master race.", "I think the chests should be a little easier to get, and that there's a free daily chest maybe give 1 item at least, and more items in the shop to bye and a bit easier to get gems or have the shop prices depends on the level of the campain.", "OMG THIS IS SO COOL, SO AMAZING THAT I WANT SANDBOX MODE ON (only get it when you beat campaign) PLEASE ADD THIS MODE IN AND I WILL RATE 5 STARS!", "The overall is brilliant, i like the cartoon graphics, the gameplay and the system of how it works. Great job! i hope you expand this game.", "its really fun but i wish there was more modes like defend waves of enemys instead of deads", "I love the game and can you add a new skin like it has life steel emuene to poisen and has hi defence also faster movement speed and the skin colers rainbow.you downt hove to but i like would really like it like if you agrre", "can't figure out how to mute the annoying music. so annoying. uninstalled", "I love this game I have had it from the time it came out, it was the original stick people game to get out on the phone it's come a long way from than and I look forward to more upcoming updates.", "USED TO DRAW STICKMEN WARS IN CLASS AND GET IN TROUBLE!!\u00a1PLEASE MAKE A KNOCKOFF VERSION OF STICKMEN WAR DBZ!", "Fun game it need update more story mode and it has a good clane building game and love the zombies mode but needs more story if you need a game to pass the time then this is the game for you and if you whant not a hard game to use but hard level to beat the get this game", "Awesome game! I just wish that they would have guns.", "I played the first one on flash years ago when I was younger. And I'm glad to see it back with a vengence. 9/10 just needs multiplayer", "i like the game so much but more story should be added i get that the creators wan to keep it like the old game but storyline is the important part and the most fun part of the game.", "cool thats all i have to say warning this game includes stratages so dont think ur invicable", "it was good but it would be better if you can add local multiplayer so we can play with friends \ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00", "its good but why do the zombies throgh rocks and also i have a cool idea to make it more challenging when the zombies kill a unit they should turn into a zombie.:)", "Absolutely amazing, I remember the old stick wars. Great game with memories", "Its very very nice and fun but i think they have to add more levels..and ya btw i used to play it on google from like 7-9 years i didnt beileve when i saw it on phone", "Advertise pops up even when game is not played. That is really crossing the line.", "this game is freakin' cool but the thing is that i can't open the shop,\ud83d\ude17", "its the best and if u win you get 20 diamond alzo you can win the game and replay game iam a fan", "the game is pretty good I like how there's just in like different skins that give you different abilities and stuff that's always and I love it how the gems in Clash chest and the and different specials that you can get in the chest", "its good, very good however could you please add a mode to play with yoir friends if your on the same wifi network. you could aslo add eachother id to play online that would be nice", "when you say is this game scari well onlly one level is scari and this game is very challenging and very cool", "i played this game for a long time and when i stoped playing it new stuff happen in this game", "love the game, would love more levels or characters or enemies. please keep it up", "Best game I played on phone everything is cool 10/10", "very cool nice and fast to load it was starting of ok but it got harder to quickly", "Great game! Can be a little finicky sometimes, but overall, a great remake of the original.", "THIS WILL BLOW YOU UP!", "Faithful mobile version of the original with extra levels, modes, and skins to make it all the much better. Awesome game, no complaints", "Best Game Ever. But i wish there was a SandBox Mode that You Can Make. How Many Gold you Can Have. and How Many Units you Can Have. and Name your Enemys. And Name your Self. And Edit the Map.", "Please add the mode of miners go back to the force like stick war 2", "it's good I love it but I wish that in the next update the giants would have armor.", "The game is pretty good. I just want more levels on the story map. Can you expand the map please? And gameplay vs friend online would be cool too.", "the game is awsome and it is my grade level and some times it is EZ hard", "I love it really goog game to play it's just awesome!!! I would recommend it", "really good game but it would be better is u could add a custom mode where the player can make stickmen fight/battle simulator", "Can you add new tipes of units in the game i am getting bored of the current units", "You can win on normal campaign  just using the same maxed out \"archidons\" !!!", "please reply .... I really like this game but I am sure that it will be better if there is new units and multiplyer games like fighting against real players", "this is Just like the original the one thing that would make I t even more fun is that you could train more than one type of troop at a time", "I grew up playing this game, and now they also have a zombie mode, didnt know this could get any better.", "it's a great game but I wish the swordwrath had a chestplate", "It's a cool game but could you make it so you have to destroy something else then statues PLS?", "okkkkkkkk(Kkkkkkkkkkkkk Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk and the new York times are the most popular in America in terms like this and I don't know how much of the mike is in there and I don't think it's going well for the mike but the bairon and I have to be careful with the mike pence stuff that he i...Full Review", "This is the greatest game ever better then roblox omg so good", "i played this game back when it used to be on the website when i was a lot younger. and i still love the game!! its a 10 outa 10 title. simple to make, but fun in detail. would pay for this game -BoB", "good clean nonsense fun \ud83d\ude01 more \"stuff\" like levels and characters skins would be cool. but hey, free fun is free, and fun \ud83d\ude01", "i like it a lot.i think its fun and .i dislike some of it. but not all.problly 6% i dislike.", "I love this game the concept the design and the play modes the reason I did not give 5 stars is because I think they could add more levels or another campaign", "How are you sopost to destroy the last stand it is too hard.", "tis must be have heros place it at corner must be 300+ add camp a\u00f1d coin"], "Backgammon - Narde": ["Anoing audio advertisment.", "Good", "\u0420\u0430\u0437\u0440\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0442\u0447\u0438\u043a\u0438, \u0443 \u0432\u0430\u0441 \u043e\u0448\u0438\u0431\u043a\u0430. \u0412 \u043f\u0440\u0430\u0432\u0438\u043b\u0430\u0445, \u0435\u0441\u043b\u0438 \u044f \u043d\u0435 \u0437\u0430\u0448\u0435\u043b \u0434\u043e\u043c\u043e\u0439, \u0442\u043e \u043c\u0430\u043a\u0441\u0438\u043c\u0443\u043c \u0441\u043e\u043f\u0435\u0440\u043d\u0438\u043a \u043c\u043e\u0436\u0435\u0442 \u043c\u043d\u0435 \u043f\u0435\u0440\u0435\u043a\u0440\u044b\u0442\u044c \u0442\u043e\u043b\u044c\u043a\u043e \u043f\u044f\u0442\u044c \u044f\u0447\u0435\u0435\u043a. \u0417\u0434\u0435\u0441\u044c \u0432 \u0438\u0433\u0440\u0435 \u043c\u043e\u0436\u043d\u043e \u043f\u0435\u0440\u0435\u043a\u0440\u044b\u0432\u0430\u0442\u044c \u0432 \u043b\u044e\u0431\u043e\u043c \u0441\u043b\u0443\u0447\u0430\u0435.", "I and my wife like this game very alot !", "game stops often, subscription isn't working. Not fun", "Whenever i want to play my mobile switches off. Why?", "Aim of the game is to reduce your score", "\u0413\u043b\u0430\u0432\u043d\u043e\u0435: \u0432\u0430\u043c \u043a\u0430\u0436\u0435\u0442\u0441\u044f, \u0447\u0442\u043e \u0432\u044b \u0438\u0433\u0440\u0430\u0435\u0442\u0435 \u0441 \u0436\u0438\u0432\u044b\u043c\u0438 \u043b\u044e\u0434\u044c\u043c\u0438, \u043d\u043e \u0432 \u044d\u0442\u043e\u0439 \u0438\u0433\u0440\u0435 \u043f\u043e\u0434 \u043d\u0438\u0445 \u043c\u0430\u0441\u043a\u0438\u0440\u0443\u044e\u0442\u0441\u044f \u0431\u043e\u0442\u044b. \u0417\u0430\u0447\u0435\u043c? \u042f \u043d\u0435 \u043f\u043e\u043d\u0438\u043c\u0430\u044e. \u041d\u043e \u0441\u043e\u0437\u0434\u0430\u0442\u0435\u043b\u044c \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0441\u0442\u043e \u0436\u0443\u043b\u0438\u043a. \u0412\u0442\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0435: \u0438\u0433\u0440\u0430 \u043f\u043e\u0434\u0441\u0442\u0440\u0430\u0438\u0432\u0430\u0435\u0442\u0441\u044f \u043f\u043e\u0434 \u0432\u0430\u0441 - \u0432\u0430\u043c \u0432\u044b\u0434\u0430\u044e\u0442 1:2, 1:3,:1:2 - \u0438 \u0442\u0430\u043a \u0431\u0435\u0437 \u043e\u0441\u0442\u0430\u043d\u043e\u0432\u043a\u0438, \u0430 \u0431\u043e\u0442 \u043f\u043e\u043b\u0443\u0447\u0430\u0435\u0442 6:6, 6:5, 5::5 \u0438 \u0442\u0434. \u0418\u0433\u0440\u0430 \u0432\u0430\u0441 \u043f\u0440\u0435\u0441\u0441\u0443\u0435\u0442 \u0438 \u043d\u0435\u0442 \u043d\u0438\u043a\u0430\u043a\u043e\u0433\u043e \u0448\u0430...Full Review", "Terrible!", "Ads", "its my favrt game but when i was gud plaing andriod or computer cheat me dats why i uninstall \ud83d\ude23", "Many add, not recommend", "Not fairly!", "\u0418\u0433\u0440\u0430 \u0445\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0448\u0430\u044f , \u043d\u043e \u0432\u043e\u0437\u043d\u0438\u043a\u043b\u0430 \u043e\u0434\u043d\u0430 \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0431\u043b\u0435\u043c\u043a\u0430 . \u041d\u0435 \u043c\u043e\u0433\u0443 \u0438\u0433\u0440\u0430\u0442\u044c \u0447\u0435\u0440\u0435\u0437 \u0438\u043d\u0442\u0435\u0440\u043d\u0435\u0442, \u0442.\u043a \u043f\u0440\u0438 \u0440\u0435\u0433\u0438\u0441\u0442\u0440\u0430\u0446\u0438\u0438 \u0432\u0444\u0445\u043e\u0434\u0438\u0442 \u043e\u0448\u0438\u0431\u043a\u0430 , \u0447\u0442\u043e \u044f \u0437\u0430\u0431\u0430\u043d\u0435\u043d \u0438 \u043d\u0443\u0436\u043d\u043e \u043e\u0431\u0440\u0430\u0442\u0438\u0442\u044c\u0441\u044f \u043a \u0430\u0434\u043c\u0438\u043d\u0441\u0442\u0440\u0430\u0446\u0438\u0438. \u041f\u0440\u043e\u0448\u0443 \u043f\u043e\u043c\u043e\u0447\u044c \u0443\u0441\u0442\u0440\u0430\u043d\u0438\u0442\u044c \u043e\u0448\u0438\u0431\u043a\u0443!", "It tries to balanca game and does not fair at all. Do not dowload and waste your time.", "When you can't shut off offensive ads, You've lost my vote. I'll download another.", "Really well done. Simple. And always functions properly.", "It is not playing fairly.", "Worst game Ever...", "Fair don't have in this game", "Not fair. Not random.", "Lot of bugs", "The algorithm of the game is to loose if you are leading. Scores counted randomly, the rules do not apply. Not fair at all  \u042d\u0442\u0430 \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0433\u0430 \u043f\u043e\u043b\u043d\u044b\u0439 \u0440\u0430\u0437\u0432\u043e\u0434, \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0433\u0440\u0430\u043c\u043c\u0435\u0440\u044b \u0438\u0437\u0434\u0435\u0432\u0430\u044e\u0442\u0441\u044f \u043f\u043e \u043f\u043e\u043b\u043d\u043e\u0439, \u043f\u043e\u0431\u0435\u0440\u0435\u0433\u0438\u0442\u0435 \u043d\u0435\u0440\u0432\u044b \u0438 \u043d\u0435 \u0438\u0433\u0440\u0430\u0439\u0442\u0435 \u0432 \u044d\u0442\u0443 \u0445\u0440\u0435\u043d\u044c! \u0410 \u043e\u0441\u0442\u0430\u0432\u0438\u0442\u0435 \u043f\u043b\u043e\u0445\u043e\u0439 \u043a\u043e\u043c\u043c\u0435\u043d\u0442, \u0442\u043e \u0432\u043e\u043e\u0431\u0449\u0435 \u0437\u0430\u0431\u0443\u0434\u044c\u0442\u0435 \u043f\u0440\u043e \u0438\u0433\u0440\u0443, \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0432\u0435\u0440\u0435\u043d\u043d\u043e!", "Keeps me from my other boring and no fun projects that are not half as fun", "This game uses a lot of Cpu power. may be developer uses for crypto mining.", "Sikim blet poxu duzeldirdirsuz \u0259m\u0259lli duzeldinde 2 -1den ba\u015fqa \u015fey vermir", "Wery good game", "\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e", "Bs", "Love it... \u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764 super", "Too long ads after game", "Strange dices, no randomness. It purposefully makes you lose , in real backgammon such bizarre consequences of dices never happen", "\u041e \u043a\u0430\u043a\u043e\u0439 \u0441\u043f\u0440\u0430\u0432\u0435\u0434\u043b\u0438\u0432\u043e\u0439 \u0438\u0433\u0440\u0435 \u043c\u043e\u0436\u0435\u0442 \u0438\u0434\u0442\u0438 \u0440\u0435\u0447\u044c,  \u0435\u0441\u043b\u0438 \u043d\u0435 \u0432 \u043e\u0434\u043d\u043e\u0439,  \u0430 \u0432 \u0441\u0435\u0440\u0438\u0438 \u0438\u0433\u0440 \u043f\u043e \u0438\u043d\u0442\u0435\u0440\u043d\u0435\u0442\u0443 \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0442\u0438\u0432\u043d\u0438\u043a \u043f\u043e\u043b\u0443\u0447\u0430\u0435\u0442 \u0422\u041e\u041b\u042c\u041a\u041e \"\u043f\u0440\u0430\u0432\u0438\u043b\u044c\u043d\u044b\u0435\", \u0430 \u0438\u0433\u0440\u043e\u043a \u0422\u041e\u041b\u042c\u041a\u041e \"\u043d\u0435\u043f\u0440\u0430\u0432\u0438\u043b\u044c\u043d\u044b\u0435\" \u0445\u043e\u0434\u044b?", "\u0411\u0435\u0441\u043a\u043e\u043d\u0435\u0447\u043d\u044b\u0439 \u0445\u043e\u0434 \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0442\u0438\u0432\u043d\u0438\u043a\u0430. \u0418\u0437 10 \u0438\u0433\u0440 \u0441\u043c\u043e\u0433 \u0437\u0430\u043a\u043e\u043d\u0447\u0438\u0442\u044c \u0442\u043e\u043b\u044c\u043a\u043e \u043f\u043e\u043b\u043e\u0432\u0438\u043d\u0443.", "Noo noo noo", "Fun game challenging", "In occasional use in single mode, game used enormous amount of internet traffic for no reason!!! Almost as much as dedicated to it skype and viber. Strange behavior.", "\u0420\u0435\u043a\u043b\u0430\u043c\u0430 \u0434\u043e\u0441\u0442\u0430\u043b\u0430. \u0421\u043d\u0438\u0437\u044c\u0442\u0435 \u0441 5 \u043c\u0438\u043d\u0443\u0442 \u043d\u0430 2 \u0438\u043b\u0438 3. \u041c\u043d\u043e\u0433\u0438\u0435 \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0438\u0433\u0440\u044b\u0432\u0430\u044e\u0442 \u0438 \u0436\u0434\u0443\u0442 \u043f\u043e\u0447\u0442\u0438 5 \u043c\u0438\u043d\u0443\u0442", "Ya no podra Ser LO Mismo .En sus Mantes otras Personas. Nos Dara Coraje. Y con Odio Actuaremos Igual Como Silvia Navarro. HERMOSA ACTRIZ .", "NOT backgammon. Terrible app.", "\u041f\u043e\u0444\u0438\u0445, \u043f\u043b\u044f\u0448\u0435\u043c.", "The game crashes so often, you never know whether you will be able to finish the round or not", "one very long ad after each gameplay, wasting my time", "Please add a time limit per move, other wise that great game!", "\u0418\u0433\u0440\u0430 \u043d\u0430\u0447\u0438\u043d\u0430\u0435\u0442 \u0442\u043e\u0440\u043c\u043e\u0437\u0438\u0442\u044c \u043a\u0430\u0436\u0434\u044b\u0439 \u0440\u0430\u0437, \u043a\u0430\u043a \u043f\u043e\u0434\u0445\u043e\u0434\u0438\u0442 \u043a \u043a\u043e\u043d\u0446\u0443, \u0447\u0442\u043e \u043f\u0440\u0438 \u0438\u0433\u0440\u0435 \u0441 AI, \u0447\u0442\u043e \u0441 \u0447\u0435\u043b\u043e\u0432\u0435\u043a\u043e\u043c. \u042d\u0442\u043e \u043e\u0447\u0435\u043d\u044c \u0431\u0435\u0441\u0438\u0442.", "Doesn't connect anymore so the only way to play is with android. Bad review until u solve this", "\u0420\u0435\u043a\u043b\u0430\u043c\u0430 \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0441\u0442\u043e \u043f\u0440\u0438\u0432\u043e\u0434\u0438\u0442 \u0432 \u0431\u0435\u0448\u0435\u043d\u0441\u0442\u0432\u043e. \u041f\u0440\u0438\u0447\u0451\u043c \u0435\u0451 \u043d\u0435\u043b\u044c\u0437\u044f \u043f\u0435\u0440\u0435\u0441\u043a\u043e\u0447\u0438\u0442\u044c (\u0440\u0430\u043d\u044c\u0448\u0435 \u0431\u044b\u043b \u0442\u0430\u043a\u043e\u0439 \u0432\u0430\u0440\u0438\u0430\u043d\u0442) . \u0418 \u0442\u0435\u043f\u0435\u0440\u044c, \u0434\u043b\u044f \u043d\u0430\u0447\u0430\u043b\u0430 \u0441\u043b\u0435\u0434\u0443\u044e\u0449\u0435\u0439 \u043f\u0430\u0440\u0442\u0438\u0438, \u043d\u0443\u0436\u043d\u043e \u0436\u0434\u0430\u0442\u044c \u043f\u043e\u043a\u0430 \u043f\u0440\u043e\u043e\u0440\u0451\u0442 \u0440\u043e\u043b\u0438\u043a \u0438\u0433\u0440\u044b, \u0432 \u043a\u043e\u0442\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0439 \u044f \u0430\u0431\u0441\u043e\u043b\u044e\u0442\u043d\u043e \u043d\u0435 \u0437\u0430\u0438\u043d\u0442\u0435\u0440\u0435\u0441\u043e\u0432\u0430\u043d\u0430 (\u0442\u0443\u0442 \u0437\u043b\u043e\u0439 \u0441\u043c\u0430\u0439\u043b), \u0438 \u0442\u043e\u043b\u044c\u043a\u043e \u043f\u043e\u0442\u043e\u043c \u043f\u0435\u0440\u0435\u0445\u043e\u0434 \u043d\u0430 \u043d\u043e\u0432\u0443\u044e \u043f\u0430\u0440\u0442\u0438\u044e.", "You play, you play .reach a certain level and start to lose all the time, because of dices,This is not fair game", "\u043f\u043e\u043b\u043d\u043e\u044d\u043a\u0440\u0430\u043d\u043d\u0430\u044f \u0440\u0435\u043a\u043b\u0430\u043c\u0430 \ud83d\udc4e", "\u0434\u043e\u0431\u0430\u0432\u044c\u0442\u0435 \u0434\u0438\u0430\u043b\u043e\u0433 \u043c\u0430\u0442\u0447-\u0440\u0435\u0432\u0430\u043d\u0448\u0430 \u0441 \u0442\u0435\u043a\u0443\u0449\u0438\u043c \u0438\u0433\u0440\u043e\u043a\u043e\u043c \u0447\u0435\u0440\u0435\u0437 \u0438\u043d\u0442\u0435\u0440\u043d\u0435\u0442 - \u043f\u043e\u0434\u0447\u0430\u0441 \u0445\u043e\u0447\u0435\u0442\u0441\u044f \u043e\u0442\u044b\u0433\u0440\u0430\u0442\u044c\u0441\u044f, \u0438 \u0441\u043e\u043f\u0435\u0440\u043d\u0438\u043a \u043d\u0435 \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0442\u0438\u0432, \u043d\u043e \u0432\u043e\u0437\u043c\u043e\u0436\u043d\u043e\u0441\u0442\u0438 \u043d\u0435\u0442, \u043d\u0443 \u0438\u043b\u0438 \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0441\u0442\u043e \u0438\u043d\u043e\u0433\u0434\u0430 \u0441\u043b\u0443\u0447\u0430\u044e\u0442\u0441\u044f \u0438\u043d\u0442\u0435\u0440\u0435\u0441\u043d\u043e \u0438\u0433\u0440\u0430\u044e\u0449\u0438\u0435 \u043b\u044e\u0434\u0438, \u0441 \u043a\u043e\u0442\u043e\u0440\u044b\u043c\u0438 \u0445\u043e\u0447\u0435\u0442\u0441\u044f \u0438\u0433\u0440\u0430\u0442\u044c, \u043d\u0435\u0432\u0437\u0438\u0440\u0430\u044f \u043d\u0430 \u0440\u0435\u0437\u0443\u043b\u044c\u0442\u0430\u0442", "For some reason this game always favors computer.", "Love it!!!!!!A++++", "Not good", "\u0421\u043f\u0430\u0441\u0438\u0431\u043e \u0437\u0430 \u0432\u043d\u0438\u043c\u0430\u043d\u0438\u0435 \u043a \u043c\u043e\u0435\u0439 \u043f\u0435\u0440\u0441\u043e\u043d\u0435..", "\u0427\u0442\u043e \u0437\u0430 \u0435\u0440\u0443\u043d\u0434\u0430.  \u041e\u043d\u043b\u0430\u0439\u043d \u041f\u0440\u043e\u0442\u0438\u0432\u043d\u0438\u043a\u0438 \u043f\u043e\u0441\u0442\u043e\u044f\u043d\u043d\u043e \u0431\u043b\u043e\u043a\u0438\u0440\u0443\u044e\u0442. \u041d\u0435 \u0441\u043c\u043e\u0442\u0440\u044f \u043d\u0430 \u0442\u043e \u0447\u0442\u043e \u044f \u043d\u0435 \u0437\u0430\u0445\u043e\u0436\u0443 \u0432 \u0434\u043e\u043c. \u041f\u043e\u0447\u0438\u043d\u0438\u0442\u0435, \u0438\u0437\u043c\u0435\u043d\u044e \u0440\u0435\u0439\u0442\u0438\u043d\u0433.  \u0410 \u0442\u0430\u043a 1. \u041e\u0434\u043d\u0430 \u0438\u0437 \u0432\u0430\u0436\u043d\u0435\u0439\u0448\u0438\u0445 \u0444\u0443\u043d\u043a\u0446\u0438\u043e\u043d\u0430\u043b\u044c\u043d\u043e\u0441\u0442\u0435\u0439 \u043d\u0435 \u0440\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0442\u0430\u0435\u0442.  Main functionality is broken . \u0422\u0430\u043a \u043f\u043e\u043a\u0430\u0436\u0438\u0442\u0435 \u043c\u043d\u0435. \u0413\u0434\u0435 \u0432\u043e\u0437\u043c\u043e\u0436\u043d\u043e \u0431\u043b\u043e\u043a\u0438\u0440\u043e\u0432\u0430\u0442\u044c, \u0435\u0441\u043b\u0438 \u0438\u0433\u0440\u043e\u043a \u043d\u0435 \u0437\u0430\u0448\u0451\u043b \u0432 \u0434\u043e\u043c", "\u0421\u0442\u0440\u043e\u0438\u0448\u044c \u0441\u0442\u0440\u043e\u0438\u0448\u044c \u0441\u0432\u043e\u044e \u0438\u0433\u0440\u0443 \u0438 \u0432 \u043a\u043e\u043d\u0446\u0435 \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0442\u0438\u0432\u043d\u0438\u043a \u043d\u0430\u0447\u0438\u043d\u0430\u0435\u0442 \u0448\u0432\u044b\u0440\u044f\u0442\u044c \u043e\u0434\u043d\u0438 66 \u0438 \u0432\u0441\u0435 \u043d\u0430\u043f\u0440\u0430\u0441\u043d\u043e,  \u043d\u0435 \u0437\u043d\u0430\u044e \u043c\u043e\u0436\u0435\u0442 \u044d\u0442\u043e \u043c\u043d\u0435 \u0442\u0430\u043a \u043d\u0435 \u0432\u0435\u0437\u0435\u0442.", "I love it.", "Otlichno", "What is it with you developers? It seems that none of you know how to actually generate a random dice roll, with an AI that actually works. After playing this game a few times, it's readily apparent that this game tosses itself numerous doubles to compensate for it's lack AI ability. The UI is annoy...Full Review", "Unable to revoke the goggle permissions. It says screen overlays detected. Buy it is still deactivated...", "Check your random number generator. Too many ads. Some moves are not possible although they should be.", "Super game \u263a\u263a\u263a\u263a\u263a", "Un fair", "\u0420\u0430\u0437\u0440\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0442\u0447\u0438\u043a\u0438 \u0442\u0443\u043f\u044b\u0435 \u043d\u0430 \u043d\u0435\u0442! \u041d\u0438\u0447\u0435\u0433\u043e \u043d\u0435 \u0438\u0441\u043f\u0440\u0430\u0432\u043b\u044f\u044e\u0442, \u0437\u0430\u0432\u0438\u0441\u0430\u043d\u0438\u044f \u0438 \u0432\u044b\u043b\u0435\u0442\u044b \n\u043e\u0441\u0442\u0430\u043b\u0438\u0441\u044c! \u041a\u0443\u0448\u0438 \u0442\u043e\u043b\u044c\u043a\u043e \u043e\u0434\u043d\u043e\u043c\u0443 \u0438\u0433\u0440\u043e\u043a\u0443, \u0432\u0442\u043e\u0440\u043e\u043c\u0443 \u043d\u0438\u0447\u0435\u0433\u043e. \u0427\u0435\u0440\u0435\u0437 \u0431\u043b\u044e\u0442\u0443\u0437 \u043d\u0435\u043f\u0430\u0448\u0435\u0442, \n\u0441\u043f\u0440\u0430\u0448\u0438\u0432\u0430\u0435\u0442\u0441\u044f \u041d\u0430\u043a\u0443\u044f \u0432\u0430\u0448 \u0431\u043b\u044e\u0442\u0443\u0437? \u0427\u0435\u0440\u0435\u0437 \u0438\u043d\u0442\u0435\u0440\u043d\u0435\u0442 \u0438\u0433\u0440\u0430\u0442\u044c \u044d\u0442\u043e \u0432\u0430\u0449\u0435 \u043f\u0438\u0441\u0435\u0446, \u0437\u0430\u0432\u0438\u0441 \n\u0438 \u0432\u0441\u0435. \u0414\u0430 \u0432\u044b \u0447\u0435 \u0442\u0430\u043c \u0432\u0430\u043d\u044c\u043a\u0443 \u0432\u0430\u043b\u044f\u0435\u0442\u0435??? \u0414\u0430\u0436\u0435 \u043d\u0430 \u0435\u0434\u0438\u043d\u0438\u0446\u0443 \u043d\u0435\u0434\u043e\u0441\u0442\u043e\u0439\u043d\u044b \u0433\u0430\u0432\u043d\u044e\u043a\u0438! \n\u0423\u0434\u0430\u043b...Full Review", "Backgammon is very intersting.I like it", "Kept it for three months. Played frequently, Initial games played till one month,  software behaved. Later on, extremely unfair Dice once playing with android. Even a single position gained by Android in your house. Kept giving same dice doubles till all your gained advantage is gone. giving poor di...Full Review", "Thanks for classic version,  love it. I know I played since childhood. .but since I downloaded I always win with Mars or with korks or smth like that. I love this game. One request for the future version please make several levels of difficulty,  I would like to be able to challenge myself. Cheers", "Hello. This is super game. But we have problem with bluetooth connection two players game...", "\u041a\u0440\u0438\u0432\u043e \u043d\u0430\u043f\u0438\u0441\u0430\u043d\u043e, \u043d\u0435 \u0434\u0430\u0435\u0442 \u0445\u043e\u0434\u0438\u0442\u044c \u0432 3 \u0441 \u0433\u043e\u043b\u043e\u0432\u044b \u0438 \u0432 \u0434\u043e\u043c\u0435 \u0432 \u0442\u0440\u0435\u0442\u044c\u044e \u043b\u0443\u043d\u043a\u0443,  \u044d\u0442\u043e \u0441\u043b\u0443\u0447\u0438\u043b\u043e\u0441\u044c \u043f\u043e\u0441\u043b\u0435 \u043e\u0431\u043d\u043e\u0432\u043b\u0435\u043d\u0438\u044f, \u0434\u043e \u044d\u0442\u043e\u0433\u043e \u0432\u0441\u0435 \u0431\u044b\u043b\u043e \u043d\u043e\u0440\u043c\u0430\u043b\u044c\u043d\u043e. \u0416\u0430\u043b\u044c.", "\u0412\u0441\u0435\u043c \u043b\u044e\u0431\u0438\u0442\u0435\u043b\u044f\u043c \u043d\u0430\u0440\u0434 \u0440\u0435\u043a\u043e\u043c\u0435\u043d\u0434\u0443\u044e. \u0421 \u0432\u0430\u0441 \u043d\u0438\u043a\u0442\u043e \u043d\u0438\u043a\u043e\u0433\u0434\u0430 \u043d\u0435 \u043f\u043e\u043f\u0440\u043e\u0441\u0438\u0442 \u0434\u0435\u043d\u0435\u0433 \u0432 \u043e\u0442\u043b\u0438\u0447\u0438\u0435 \u043e\u0442 \u043d\u0435\u043a\u043e\u0442\u043e\u0440\u044b\u0445 (\u043d\u0435 \u0431\u0443\u0434\u0443 \u043f\u043e\u043a\u0430\u0437\u044b\u0432\u0430\u0442\u044c \u043f\u0430\u043b\u044c\u0446\u0435\u043c), \u0441\u043b\u0435\u0434\u043e\u0432\u0430\u0442\u0435\u043b\u044c\u043d\u043e \u0432\u0441\u0451 \u043f\u043e-\u0447\u0435\u0441\u0442\u043d\u043e\u043c\u0443! \u0420\u0430\u0437\u0440\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0442\u0447\u0438\u043a\u0438 \u0437\u0430\u0440\u0430\u0431\u0430\u0442\u044b\u0432\u0430\u044e\u0442 \u043d\u0430 \u0440\u0435\u043a\u043b\u0430\u043c\u0435 (\u043a\u043e\u0442\u043e\u0440\u0430\u044f, \u043a\u0441\u0442\u0430\u0442\u0438, \u043d\u0438\u0441\u043a\u043e\u043b\u044c\u043a\u043e \u043d\u0435 \u043c\u0435\u0448\u0430\u0435\u0442), \u0430 \u043d\u0435 \u043d\u0430 \u0438\u0433\u0440\u043e\u043a\u0430\u0445. \u0417\u043d\u0430\u0447\u0435\u043d\u0438\u044f \u043a\u043e\u0441\u0442\u0435\u0439 (\u043a\u0430\u043c\u043d\u0435\u0439, \u0437\u0430\u0440\u043e\u0432) \u0430\u0431\u0441\u043e\u043b\u044e\u0442\u043d\u043e \u0441\u043b\u0443\u0447\u0430\u0439\u043d\u044b, ...Full Review", "\u0412\u044b\u0431\u0440\u0430\u0441\u044b\u0432\u0430\u043d\u0438\u0435 \u043a\u0430\u043c\u043d\u0435\u0439 \u0443\u0434\u0438\u0432\u043b\u044f\u0435\u0442. \u0423 \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0442\u0438\u0432\u043d\u0438\u043a\u043e\u0432 \u043a\u0443\u0448\u0438, \u0443 \u0442\u0435\u0431\u044f 2 1. \u041f\u043e\u0434\u0435\u043b\u0438\u044e \u0441\u0438\u044e \u043d\u0435 \u043c\u0435\u0441\u0442\u043e \u0432 \u043c\u0430\u0440\u043a\u0435\u0442\u0435", "Android does everything wrong....very stupid app", "\u0418\u0433\u0440\u0430\u0442\u044c \u0432 \u043d\u0430\u0440\u0434\u044b \u0431\u0443\u0434\u0435\u0442 \u0435\u0449\u0435 \u0438\u043d\u0442\u0435\u0440\u0435\u0441\u043d\u0435\u0439 \u0435\u0441\u043b\u0438 \u043f\u043e\u043a\u0430\u0437\u044b\u0432\u0430\u0442\u044c \u0440\u0435\u043a\u043b\u0430\u043c\u043d\u044b\u0435 \u0440\u043e\u043b\u0438\u043a\u0438 \u043f\u043e\u0441\u043b\u0435 \u043a\u0430\u0436\u0434\u043e\u0433\u043e \u0431\u0440\u043e\u0441\u043a\u0430 \u043a\u0443\u0431\u0438\u043a\u0430", "This game is fake, the game engine smartly  select winner side!", "The worst backgammon app", "But need to connect with facebook", "Too many ads", "Qahraman4323435", "Good", "Annoying advertisements rape my enjoyment after every damn game", "\u0412\u0435\u0440\u043d\u0438\u0442\u0435 \u0441\u0442\u0430\u0440\u044b\u0435 \u043c\u043e\u0437\u0433\u0438 \u043d\u0430\u0440\u0434\u0430\u043c!!! \u0421\u0442\u0430\u043b\u043e \u0441\u043a\u0443\u0447\u043d\u043e \u0438\u0433\u0440\u0430\u0442\u044c. \u0422\u0443\u043f\u0438\u0442 \u043d\u0435\u0440\u0435\u0430\u043b\u044c\u043d\u043e. Please make Narde smarter or at least make difficulty selection option.", "Do not install,  VIRUSES AND POP UPS ALL THE TIME", "\u0427\u0442\u043e \u0437\u0430 \u0438\u0434\u0438\u043e\u0442\u0441\u043a\u0438\u0435 \u043f\u0440\u0430\u0432\u0438\u043b\u0430? \u0421\u043c\u044b\u0441\u043b \u0438\u0433\u0440\u044b \u0442\u043e \u0432 \u0447\u0435\u043c \u0441 \u0442\u0430\u043a\u0438\u043c\u0438 \u043f\u0440\u0430\u0443\u0438\u043b\u0430\u043c\u0438? \u0421 \u0432\u044b\u043f\u0430\u0434\u0435\u043d\u0438\u0435\u043c \u0431\u043e\u043b\u044c\u0448\u0435\u0433\u043e \u0447\u0438\u0441\u043b\u0430 \u043d\u0430 \u043a\u0443\u0431\u0438\u043a\u0430\u0445?", "While I was playing it took me to a random website and said I \"won a free gift\". Damm virus!!!!!!!! Horrible! !", "It is perfect game .. and i would recomanded this game for all my friends", "\u0420\u0430\u0437\u0434\u0440\u0430\u0436\u0430\u0435\u0442 \u0430\u043b\u0433\u043e\u0440\u0438\u0442\u043c  \u0432\u044b\u043f\u0430\u0434\u0430\u043d\u0438\u044f \u043a\u0443\u0431\u0438\u043a\u043e\u0432 \u0432 \"\u0441\u0442\u043e\u0440\u043e\u043d\u0443\" \u0430\u043d\u0434\u0440\u043e\u0438\u0434\u0430", "\u0424\u043e\u043d\u0430\u0440\u044c :-(", "\u0421 \u043a\u0430\u0436\u0434\u044b\u043c \u0430\u043f\u0434\u0435\u0439\u0442\u043e\u043c \u0432\u0441\u0435 \u0445\u0443\u0436\u0435 \u0438 \u0445\u0443\u0436\u0435... \u041c\u043e\u0436\u0435\u0442 \u0432\u0435\u0440\u043d\u0435\u0442\u0435\u0441\u044c \u043d\u0430 \u0441\u0442\u0430\u0440\u0443\u044e \u0432\u0435\u0440\u0441\u0438\u044e?", "\u041f\u043e\u0441\u0442\u043e\u044f\u043d\u043d\u043e \u0442\u0435\u0440\u044f\u0435\u0442\u0441\u044f \u0441\u0432\u044f\u0437\u044c \u0441 \u0441\u0435\u0440\u0432\u0435\u0440\u043e\u043c", "Every time you got double", "\u041d\u0435 \u0440\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0442\u0430\u0435\u0442", "Random generator is a joke do yourself a favor save your free minutes don't down", "I heat this app it's not fear\ud83d\ude0c", "Good", "\u0421\u043a\u0430\u0436\u0438 \u043c\u043d\u0435 \u043f\u043e\u0436\u0430\u043b\u0443\u0439\u0441\u0442\u0430, \u043a\u0430\u043a \u0442\u0430\u043a\u043e\u0435 \u043c\u043e\u0436\u0435\u0442 \u0431\u044b\u0442\u044c, \u0447\u0442\u043e \u0437\u0430 \u0432\u0441\u044e \u0438\u0433\u0440\u0443 \u043e\u043f\u043f\u043e\u043d\u0435\u043d\u0442\u0443 \u043f\u0440\u0438\u0445\u043e\u0434\u0438\u043b\u0438 \u0446\u0435\u043b\u044b\u0445 12 \u0440\u0430\u0437 \u0445\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0448\u0438\u0435 \u043b\u0430\u0440\u044b, \u0438\u0437 \u043d\u0438\u0445 7 \u043b\u0430\u0440\u044b \u0448\u0435\u0441\u0442\u0435\u0440\u043a\u0438, \u0443 \u043c\u0435\u043d\u044f \u0437\u0430 \u0432\u0441\u044e \u0438\u0433\u0440\u0443 \u043d\u0438 \u043e\u0434\u043d\u043e\u0439 \u043d\u043e\u0440\u043c\u0430\u043b\u044c\u043d\u043e\u0439...\u0418\u0433\u0440\u0430 \u0443\u0431\u043e\u0433\u0430!!!", "Very good. Nice. \u041c\u043d\u0435 \u043d\u0440\u0430\u0432\u0438\u0442\u044c\u0441\u044f", "\u062a\u0648\u0628", "Nice app", "\u0421 \u0435\u0432\u0440\u043e\u043f\u0435\u0439\u0441\u043a\u0438\u043c \u0430\u0439\u043f\u0438 \u043d\u0435 \u0440\u0430\u0441\u0447\u0438\u0442\u0438\u0432\u0430\u0439\u0442\u0435 \u0432\u044b\u0438\u0433\u0440\u043e\u0432\u0430\u0442\u044c, \u0432\u0441\u0435 \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0431\u043b\u0435\u043c\u044b \u0432 \u0447\u0438\u0441\u043b\u0430\u0445", "After 3 or 4 rounds, the dice keep rolling and doesn't stop", "This game sucks it freezes every time every time I almost done it just freezes for samsung 6 edge . Just keep getting me angry every time don't waste your time with this stupid app", "\u041e\u0442\u043b\u0438\u0447\u043d\u0430\u044f \u0438\u0433\u0440\u0430, \u043d\u043e \u0443 \u043c\u0435\u043d\u044f \u043d\u0430 HTC one m7 \u043e\u043d\u0430 \u043f\u043e\u0441\u0442\u043e\u044f\u043d\u043d\u043e \u0437\u0430\u0432\u0438\u0441\u0430\u0435\u0442!!!!! \u0418\u0433\u0440\u0430\u044e \u0432 \u043d\u0435\u0435, \u043f\u043e\u0442\u043e\u043c\u0443 \u0447\u0442\u043e \u043d\u0435 \u0432\u0438\u0436\u0443 \u0434\u043e\u0441\u0442\u043e\u0439\u043d\u044b\u0445 \u0430\u043d\u0430\u043b\u043e\u0433\u043e\u0432!!! \u041f\u0440\u043e\u0448\u0443 \u0438\u0441\u043f\u0440\u0430\u0432\u0438\u0442\u044c \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0431\u043b\u0435\u043c\u0443!", "Thanks for this game", "\u062c\u0645\u064a\u0644\u0647 \u0648\u0627\u0644\u0644\u0647 \u0628\u0633 \u064a\u0627\u0631\u064a\u062a \u062a\u0646\u0632\u0644 \u0663\u0661 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0635\u0644\u064a\u0647", "\u0425\u0435\u0440\u043d\u044f.", "The AI only cares about filling empty spaces and not about blocking or throwing out. Like playing with a child.", "Not sure what game this is,  but it's not backgammon.  Doesn't set the board to begin correctly (all pips are on one peg) and can't knock off single blots...", "This is not backgammon", "Very enjoyable", "Not bad game overall. Difficulty level would be nice. Android plays very simple. I've won 7 times in a row with Mars!", "I think 5 minute is too long people take advantage of it... Please set an option for less time selection... Ill prefer 1 min. And after 5 min it freezes no points given for the win", "after updating, there no counting of score duting Bluetooth game. FIX IT PLEASE.", "\u041e\u0447\u0435\u043d\u044c \u043f\u043b\u043e\u0445\u043e...", "\u0418\u0433\u0440\u0430\u0435\u0448\u044c \u0441 \u0430\u043d\u0434\u0440\u043e\u0438\u0434\u043e\u043c, \u0443 \u043d\u0435\u0433\u043e \u043f\u043e\u0441\u0442\u043e\u044f\u043d\u043d\u043e \u0434\u0443\u0431\u043b\u0438 \u0438 \u0442\u043e, \u0447\u0442\u043e \u0435\u043c\u0443 \u0438\u043c\u0435\u043d\u043d\u043e \u0432 \u044d\u0442\u043e\u0442 \u043c\u043e\u043c\u0435\u043d\u0442 \u0442\u0440\u0435\u0431\u0443\u0435\u0442\u0441\u044f. \u041e\u0442\u0441\u0442\u043e\u0439.", "\u0414\u043e\u0431\u0430\u0432\u044c\u0442\u0435 \u0442\u0430\u0439\u043c\u0430\u0443\u0442 \u0438\u043b\u0438 \u043e\u0442\u0434\u0435\u043b\u044c\u043d\u043e \u043e\u043f\u0446\u0438\u044e \u0441 \u0432\u0440\u0435\u043c\u0435\u043d\u0435\u043c \u043d\u0430 \u0445\u043e\u0434. \u0417\u0430\u0434\u043e\u043b\u0431\u0430\u043b\u0438 \u0432\u0442\u044b\u043a\u0443\u043d\u044b.", "The rules in the game are different than i play in real.", "Not the legit rules.", "1. I can't choice Russian language.  2. Undo moves is not implemented", "So much for the rules!", "MAHBUSA SHESH BESH IRAKY !!!!!!!!!!!", "Super", "Disliked", "\u0412\u044b\u043b\u0435\u0442\u0430\u0435\u0442 \u0432\u043e \u0432\u0440\u0435\u043c\u044f \u0438\u0433\u0440\u044b \u043f\u043e Bluetooth", "The game good but random dices is too bad always somebody has greater number", "\u0418\u0433\u0440\u0430 \u0441\u0430\u043c\u0430 \u043f\u043e \u0441\u0435\u0431\u0435 \u0445\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0448\u0430. \u0410 \u0432 \u0430\u043f\u043f\u043b\u0438\u043a\u0430\u0446\u0438\u0438 \u0440\u0430\u0437\u0434\u0440\u0430\u0436\u0430\u0435\u0442 \u043e\u0442\u043a\u043b\u044e\u0447\u0435\u043d\u0438\u044f \u0438 \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0438\u0433\u0440\u044b\u0448\u0438 \u0438\u0437\u0437\u0430 \u044d\u0442\u043e\u0433\u043e. \u0421\u0434\u0435\u043b\u0430\u0439\u0438\u0435, \u0447\u0442\u043e\u0431\u044b \u043d\u043e\u0440\u043c\u0430\u043b\u044c\u043d\u043e \u0440\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0442\u0430\u043b reconnection.", "Yeah but can we talk about how it always feels like the AI wins since it grts doubles ever other turn?", "This is suka", "It amazing game ... same looks like real.", "Sucks off", "\u041e\u0442\u043b\u0438\u0447\u043d\u044b\u0435 \u043d\u0430\u0440\u0434\u044b", "Love it", "Nice", "Nice", "great", "The computer gets a lot of doubles when it is losing. This doesn't seem random at all. Way too many doubles for the computer!!!", "I'd mastered Backgammon now I've mastered Narde - great game.", "Muthis", "god", "Cool game", "After rolling, I cannot move. I have double twos and room to move but I can't. I cannot move to where I would put someone on the bar. Why are both players moving into the same base? Can't pass. Where can I fing instructions?", "The best narde game. I play few hours every day. After my last update one thing need to be fix is when I turn off and on my phone it erases the countings win and loose starts from 0", "\u062a", "Had it on my tablet too. Are they still complaining it's not backgammon?  To funny. I have to confess it's become easy to beat though.", "\u0432 \u0442\u0435\u0447\u0435\u043d\u0438\u0438 14 \u043f\u043e\u0441\u043b\u0435\u0434\u043d\u0438\u0445 \u0438\u0433\u0440 \u0443 \u0441\u043e\u043f\u0435\u0440\u043d\u0438\u043a\u0430 \u0432\u044b\u043f\u0430\u0434\u0430\u043b\u043e \u043d\u0430 50-100 \u043e\u0447\u043a\u043e\u0432 \u0431\u043e\u043b\u044c\u0448\u0435, \u0432\u044b\u0438\u0433\u0440\u0430\u0442\u044c \u043d\u0435 \u0440\u0435\u0430\u043b\u044c\u043d\u043e \u0435\u0441\u043b\u0438 \u0442\u043e\u043b\u044c\u043a\u043e \u043c\u0430\u0440\u0441\u043e\u043c \u043f\u043e\u0432\u0435\u0437\u0435\u0442. \u0443\u0434\u0430\u043b\u0438\u043b \u043d\u0430\u0445\u0440\u0435\u043d.", "This app has bugs. When I was playing with my niece, we had a few steps (5 or more) without extra rolls.", "This game is not backgammon.", "\u0438\u0433\u0440\u0430\u0442\u044c \u043d\u0435\u0440\u0435\u0430\u043b\u044c\u043d\u043e! \u041f\u043e\u043b\u043d\u044b\u0439 \u043a\u0430\u0440\u0430\u0443\u043b!", "Zafko", "Fj", "Excellent", "\u0421\u043a\u043e\u043b\u044c\u043a\u043e \u043c\u043e\u0436\u043d\u043e \u0443\u0436\u0435 3-\u0439 \u0440\u0430\u0437 \u043f\u043e\u0434\u0440\u044f\u0434 \u0433\u043b\u044e\u0447\u0438\u0442 \u0438\u0433\u0440\u0430 \u0438 \u0443\u0434\u0435\u0440\u0436\u0438\u0432\u0430\u0435\u0442 \u043f\u043e 25 \u043e\u0447\u043a\u043e\u0432,\u043d\u0435 \u0441\u043f\u0440\u0430\u0432\u0435\u0434\u043b\u0438\u0432\u043e!!!! \u0430\u0434\u043c\u0438\u043d\u044b \u043d\u0430\u0441\u0442\u0440\u043e\u0439\u0442\u0435 \u0438\u0433\u0440\u0443 \u0431\u0443\u0434\u0442\u0435 \u0442\u0430\u043a \u0434\u043e\u0431\u0440\u044b!", "02/22/2013 All time connection problem. Uninstalled.", "This is so not backgammon. For one thing you can't land on opponent to make them restart piece. Don't get it. Didn't even finish first game.", "Actually, I love the game but it cheats.  It rolls too many doubles for itself and it always rolls exactly what it needs.  If I'm winning, it rolls all double fives and sixes to win.  After all\"it\" is the computer.", "I love backgammon just as much as you bit this is different on Dame board and just add skillful and FUN!", "Very badly to play. In specific place can't pot your chance/pieces.", "too many doubles for itself or just exactly what it needs,   especially if u r about to win.", "it has few bugs, but I still love it, keep it up, and fix the bugs.", "This is NOT backgammon, not even close. Suggest you understand the game before making one. Uninstalling", "Game is good but also  cheater.it throw dices which it needs", "Fulun fu\u0131lun fulu", "It would be better with new graphics..", "Bacaran var :)", "\u041f\u0440\u0438\u0432\u0435\u0442 \u0431\u0443\u0444\u0435\u0442", "\u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u062e\u0648\u0628\u06cc\u0647", "Elaaaaaa", "Eladi ela", "To play", "\u0433\u043e", "Full", "Isi", "Super", "Good", "So nice", "Ela", "Superb)))", "\u0421\u0438\u0441\u0442\u0435\u043c\u0430 \u0440\u0430\u043d\u0434\u043e\u043c\u0430 \u0443 \u0432\u0430\u0441 \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0441\u0442\u043e \"\u043e\u0444\u0438\u0433\u0438\u0442\u0435\u043b\u044c\u043d\u0430\u044f\", \u043f\u043e\u0441\u0442\u043e\u044f\u043d\u043d\u043e \u043a\u0443\u0448\u0438 \u0432\u044b\u043f\u0430\u0434\u0430\u044e\u0442 - \u044d\u0442\u043e\u0442 \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0441\u0442\u043e \u043f\u0438\u043f\u0435\u0446 \u043a\u0430\u043a \u0437\u043b\u0438\u0442 \u0438\u043d\u043e\u0433\u0434\u0430", "Dear developer(s). I understand that you're trying to make some improvements by issuing updates. However, recent updates have caused some graphic issues. 1. Please return the original dices (the non-white ones). 2. Please put the green pointers back on the board. 3. When there are double dices, 4 of...Full Review", "You lose games after a few rolls of the dice with no countdown or lost connection, not sure if its the software or if there is a cheat for this game......REALLY NOT WORTH THE DOWNLOAD.....", "A little different from backgomon", "\u0413\u043b\u0430\u0432\u043d\u044b\u0439 \u043a\u043e\u0441\u044f\u043a - \u0435\u0441\u043b\u0438 \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0442\u0438\u0432\u043d\u0438\u043a \u043d\u0435 \u0441\u043a\u0438\u043d\u0443\u043b \u043a\u043e\u0441\u0442\u0438 \u0442\u043e \u0435\u0433\u043e \u0442\u0430\u0439\u043c\u0435\u0440 \u043e\u0441\u0442\u0430\u043d\u0430\u0432\u043b\u0438\u0432\u0430\u0435\u0442\u0441\u044f \u043d\u0430 0.01 \u0438 \u0432\u0438\u0441\u0438\u0442 \u0431\u0435\u0441\u043a\u043e\u043d\u0435\u0447\u043d\u043e. \u0421\u0434\u0435\u043b\u0430\u0439\u0442\u0435 \u0430\u0432\u0442\u043e\u0441\u0431\u0440\u043e\u0441 \u043a\u043e\u0441\u0442\u0435\u0439 \u043f\u043e \u0443\u043c\u043e\u043b\u0447\u0430\u043d\u0438\u044e, \u043d\u0430\u0434\u043e\u0435\u0434\u0430\u0435\u0442 \u0436\u0434\u0430\u0442\u044c \u043f\u043e\u043a\u0430 \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0442\u0438\u0432\u043d\u0438\u043a \u0441\u0431\u0440\u043e\u0441\u0438\u0442 \u043a\u043e\u0441\u0442\u0438. \u0412\u043e \u0432\u0442\u043e\u0440\u044b\u0445 \u043a\u043d\u043e\u043f\u043a\u0430 \"\u043f\u043e\u0432\u0435\u0440\u043d\u0443\u0442\u044c\" \u0440\u0430\u0431\u043e\u0442\u0430\u0435\u0442 \u0442\u043e\u043b\u044c\u043a\u043e \u043e\u0434\u0438\u043d \u0440\u0430\u0437, \u043e\u0431\u0440\u0430\u0442\u043d\u043e \u044d\u043a\u0440\u0430\u043d \u043d\u0435 \u0440\u0430\u0437\u0432\u043e\u0440\u0430\u0447\u0438\u0432\u0430\u0435\u0442. \u0412 \u0442\u0440\u0435\u0442\u044c\u0438\u0445 \u0444\u043e\u043d \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0441\u0442\u043e \u0432...Full Review", "Don't bother with this app, playing against android sucks.. it always rolls exactly what needed to block you and you alway rolls what's needed for it, so you have to unblock for them.... Shi", "\u0418\u0433\u0440\u0430\u0442\u0430 \u0441\u0438 \u043d\u0430\u0433\u043b\u0430\u0441\u044f \u0437\u0430\u0440\u043e\u0432\u0435\u0442\u0435", "Good", "Good", "I was enjoying this app until they \"fixed\" it. Keeps crashing and passwords don't work when making a private table. Every update just gets worse.", "Ai is cheating", "Really perfect game, and as if you're playing on reality.", "We with friends play in game regular.", "Ela", "Great game! !", "Very Good Game..", "piece at home. Before you can't.\" Developers, What does this mean?.please restate.", "Its an ok game as far backgammon is concerned. I just don't like that it is set to cheat.", "\u0423\u0431\u0435\u0440\u0438\u0442\u0435 \u043a\u0443\u0448\u0438", "\u041d\u0438\u043a LetsRockBuddy, \u0434\u0432\u0430 \u0440\u0430\u0437\u0430 \u043f\u043e\u0434\u0440\u044f\u0434 \u043f\u043e\u0441\u0440\u0435\u0434\u0438\u043d\u0435 \u0438\u0433\u0440\u044b \u043f\u0438\u0448\u0435\u0442 \u0447\u0442\u043e \u044f \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0438\u0433\u0440\u0430\u043b, \u0432 \u0438\u0442\u043e\u0433\u0435 -50, \u043a\u0430\u043a \u0441 \u043a\u0443\u0441\u0442\u0430!", "\u0418\u0433\u0440\u0430 \u0447\u0435\u0440\u0435\u0437 \u0438\u043d\u0442\u0435\u0440\u043d\u0435\u0442 \u043f\u043e\u0441\u0442\u043e\u044f\u043d\u043d\u043e \u0432\u044b\u043b\u0435\u0442\u0430\u0435\u0442. \u041f\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0439 \u0438\u043d\u0442\u0435\u0440\u0444\u0435\u0439\u0441 \u043d\u0430\u0447\u0438\u043d\u0430\u0435\u0442 \u0436\u0443\u0442\u043a\u043e \u0442\u043e\u0440\u043c\u043e\u0437\u0438\u0442\u044c. \u041d\u0430\u0434\u043e \u0441\u043a\u0430\u0437\u0430\u0442\u044c, \u0447\u0442\u043e \u0438 \u0434\u0438\u0437\u0430\u0439\u043d \u0443 \u0438\u0433\u0440\u044b \u0444\u0438\u0433\u043d\u044f \u043f\u043e\u043b\u043d\u0430\u044f!", "good", "I'm a huge backgammon fan and was excited to discover a different version. Alas, I've no idea how to play it and can't find any rules in the app so have uninstalled again sadly until I have more time. Love the  graphics.", "Android always gets what it needs.  Makes stupid moves a real player wouldn't think of making.  What a dumb game. I played with people its fair but play the android it sucks.  It get what it needs almost every time.  Its rigged\"!!!"], "Learn English free for beginners: kids & adults": ["\u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u062e\u0648\u0628 \u0647\u0633\u062a \u0627\u0645\u0648\u0632\u0646\u062f\u0647 \u0628\u0648\u062f \u062a\u0634\u06a9\u0631", "i like the app, its so wanderful for kids", "excelente app", "good \ud83d\udc4d", "Nice game", "Easy to learn English", "very good", "Awesome", "The pronunciation of the words with the majority of them are not very good. E.g. pear and bear both are pronounced like beer.", "It put ticken instead of chicken and didn't give us the write letters for \nsome words", "December spelling is wrong and App is also Wrost \ud83d\ude0f\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21", "The pronunciations are from a non native speaker . Sounds awful.", "educational for kids really good game x", "I like this app", "Improve its accent", "I like it", "very good app thanks a lot!", "Good for kids to learn", "Anmol deep singh", "Thank", "Good app", "\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c", "great games thanks", "Very good", "Good app", "i like it", "Good", "Good", "Good", "Es super genial!!!", "Good app and I love the Spanish version but the accent on this one is so bad, it only gets a two", "Non-native speakers providing bad pronunciation. La pronunciaci\u00f3n necesita mejorar bastante.", "The people providing the english audios are not native speakers  Los audios no eran hechos por nativos hablantes", "Bad pronunciation. I like us english version better.", "There is so much mistakes in pronounciation .", "Me gusta mucho y aprendo mucho tambi\u00e9n, practico todas las tardes.", "Good and easy way to learn new vocabulary. Im using it with my students.", "Enjoyable language learning tool, but the accent makes some of the words \nsound wrong.", "It is a very easy and funny app for English Learner Kids", "Philippina speaking?  This is not native speaker from UK.", "Its all pronounced incorrectly", "It is awesome. It really improved my speaking.", "It help my small baby brother to learn english", "It's very useful app for any level of English", "It's enjoyable especially doing the time tables  Thanks", "Me encanta las ense\u00f1a a mis hijos mejor", "This game is very useful for children's", "I learned a lot from her", "Good for kids .. I love it ... Thanks", "Pronunciation not good", "It is good for vocabulary.This is the best game", "It's best Begin English", "Very very good", "I learned a lot", "\u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639 \u062c\u062f\u0627", "It is okay", "It's awesome", "Great app", "Amei \u2665\ufe0f", "Very nice", "Thank", "\u2661\u2661", "Best game for kids", "very good", "Good", "Great", "Nice", "Excellent", "nice", "Excellent", "Excellent", "Bad pronunciation, bad pictures and many mistakes!! No plurial for fruit! No plurial for cereal etc... Bad app", "It's the best", "I like this game", "Goddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddddd dddddddddddddddd", "Goddddddddddddddddd!!!!!! Congratulationts!!", "Very nice", "Nice idea but the speaker's pronunciation tends to be either completely wrong or heavily accented.", "I don't like the pronounciation. The sound has a spanish accent Don't take me wrong but that needs to improve.", "This Game will improve English knowledge", "Wrong pronunciation, none english speaker. Uninstalled.", "Good game but most of the words pronounciation is wrong :-(", "This is the best game for children", "It is so much fun", "this app is good very good mast", "Thanks", "Very good", "Very good", "So good", "Perfect", "Excellent", "Amazing", "This app is actually quite well made, it's just a shame that the recorded voice can't say letter sounds properly. Honesty, if you can't get the ABCs right......", "She said beach a bit. And mosquito as moskiro -.- no mames guey.", "Good games but pronunciation of some words is wrong", "Pour enfants mais des publicit\u00e9s de rencontres avec une fille nue qui danse,  mais \u00e7a va pas ???", "Otimo, mais poderia acrescentar mais palavras junto com a tradu\u00e7\u00e3o pra o portugu\u00eas.", "The mechanical voice is hard to understand but it is still a good tool for learning", "Aprende de verdade mas tenque treina muito", "Easy  to learn", "Very nice app my son love this", "Not good accent.", "Really great app", "Good use good learning app I love it", "Raeven Rafa", "My son loved it nd he also learned much more from it.......", ":-)\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc \u0628\u0648\u062f", "Buena", "hey", "Great for children", "\u2661\u2661\u2661\u2661\u2661\u2661\u2661", "The lady can't pronounce english properly. P sounds like b and h sounds like aids", "English was not spoken by a native speaker! She has a bad foreign accent!", "Would like if there  were stages to pass from.to Mike it more enthusiasmic", "It is very useful for my son he really enjoys it.. Thank u...", "\u041c\u0430\u043b\u043e \u0441\u043b\u043e\u0432. \u041d\u0435\u0442 \u0442\u0440\u0430\u043d\u0441\u043a\u0440\u0438\u043f\u0446\u0438\u0438. \u041e\u0437\u0432\u0443\u0447\u043a\u0430 \u043c\u0435\u0445\u0430\u043d\u0438\u0447\u0435\u0441\u043a\u043e\u0439 \u0442\u0451\u0442\u0435\u0439 -- \u0441\u043e\u043c\u043d\u0438\u0442\u0435\u043b\u044c\u043d\u0430\u044f \u043f\u043e\u043c\u043e\u0449\u044c \u0438\u0437\u0443\u0447\u0430\u044e\u0449\u0435\u043c\u0443 \u042f\u0437\u044b\u043a. Ps \u0417\u0430\u0442\u043e \u043d\u0430\u0448\u0451\u043b \u0441\u0432\u043e\u0451 \u0444\u043e\u0442\u043e, \u0438\u0437\u043e\u0431\u0440\u0430\u0436\u0430\u044e\u0449\u0435\u0435 Lake :)", "she has a very very bad accent!", "Good and interesting way to learn English", "\u062a\u0637\u0628\u064a\u0642 \u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639 \u060c\u0633\u0647\u0644 \u0648\u0633\u0631\u064a\u0639 \u0644\u0644\u062a\u0639\u0644\u0645 \u0634\u0643\u0631\u0627", "Very good app for all in my house.", "Nice game can teach you English very well", "Is very good", "Is really lovely. my kids are enjoying it.", "I do like", "This app is good to word at school with students!", "Great work!", "I like", "\u0631\u0627\u0639 \u0643\u062a\u064a\u0631", "Very intesting for kids", "Not bad", "Nice", "Not bad", "It's very good", "Easy and sampl", "Good", "Thanks", "Exelent for beginners", "Nice apps", "Bad", "Very good", "Good", "Good", "Loved it", "This is quite helpful for basic children learning. Still need to improve to became best in the segment", "I want my daughter to learn english, that is why i download this apps...", "Good", "Lern", "Good app", "Excellent \u263a", "Hey guys are doing well and the best way to get to know if you want me to the next day or so ago and have a good day to be the 8, and I will have a great day and night. it is a very good condition and a lot of time. it is a very important 8th grade school and college and I have to be in the world of...Full Review", "Nothing better for its semplicity to get children to like it...fun associated with learning is the besy food for a knowledge avid mind...", "The application is really very simple, practical, and interesting... many thanks to programmers.", "My kids love it, thank", "Muito para iniciantes", "Wow! Such a wonderful Aap for kids for learning English.....with nice pics", "I like this app. It is very useful for kids", "It's very good for kids . I advise you to try it .", "I like this app.my kids love it..!", "A wonderful, free app.", "Very good app for toddlers.  Kudos to the developers.", "Needs to include more items", "A very usefu appl for a new student and a teacher..", "Very useful! My son love it!", "Very useful", "Good for child learning", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc \u0628\u0648\u062f", "Awesome apps. The mom's love it.", "Ummmmmm........i really like the app but only the ABC and 123 but i like the other topics so thank you for the app!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "It's very good", "Great ..many thanks", "Useful for beginners", "Highly impress", "Easy to use", "good one for kids", "Ok", "Ok", "Awesome", "Nice one", "Excellent for kids", "excelent", "Nice", "nice", "Fantastic", "Awesome", "Awsom :-)", "Very nice apps.", "I specially liked this app. Special thing is its offline.. ho hoou!!!! Fantastic....", "It's really great if you want to learn basic English words", "I just tried for 2 minutes, I think it's awesome for kids...and adults learning English....", "My son love to watch and learn it from this application . great work team thanks...", "So easy to use for my 4yr old. Covers a lot of basic words we use on a daily basis.", "If it is possible, please add some short conversations to this app. Tnx!", "My kids really do love this app..it makes them busy and they enjoyed. \ud83d\udc9d", "Fantastico", "My 5yrs old son likes it very much. Thanks for your hard work.", "Great!!keep it up..my 1year old baby love to tap every lesson and she really enjoy it!!tnx!!:)", "Informative...increases the kids knowledge. keep up the good work!!!", "It is very good app for my little and naughty brother", "I love it it's good for my daughter to learn more in English", "My son like it so much thank u"], "Capitals of All Countries in the World: City Quiz": ["The world really has changed since i was at school.not giving 5 because i \ncan't zoom the map that makes it difficult to answer right. Would be \nbrilliant if you can fix this. Easy using, very interesting.", "The app overall good, but have some mistakes , e.g. Some pictures for \ncapitals are incorrect like Tashkent. Also, it's hard to identify countries \non the map, because we cannot zoom in. You should add something new for \nthis. I'll wait for your update... thank you.", "My Geography skills were hopeless. Until this app. Now I beat my husband \nevery time world geography is a category on Jeopardy! Thank you for \nleveling the playing field.", "The world has changed so very much since I 1st studied its maps. This app is a simple yet very good way to learn the new countries, their capitals and locations.", "It does what it promises but there are other learning apps which have excellent learning algorithms and that's the main reason to recommend them over this. The design is very outdated too.", "Well, I'm enjoying the game. I like the flash cards. But, unfortunately the ads are really inappropriate. I really don't want to keep seeing women cavorting around on my screen.", "Why does this app need access to so much personal info in my phone? Why \nwould I need to agree to give the app acces my phones microphone? Or all my \ncontacts? This reminds me that very few apps are actually \"free\" to use.", "Fun way to spend time learning about our world. It would be very \ninteresting to try to learn the pronunciation of other countries and their \ncapitals in other languages too.", "Good, fast, instructive. But way too many ads and outdated information (Bujumbura is not the capital of Burundi anymore)", "Informative, educational and entertaining. It makes a necessary \ncontribution to improve our knowledge and points of reference regarding \nplaces around the world.", "This game has been a challenge for sure. But that is why I love it. Talk about change, I've never heard of some of these countries. Thanks for a great game.", "I think that this is a very nice app for learning the capital of the \ncountry fast and prett y so I'd really like thi", "excellent for teaching kids the countries a d capitals....... however it can be upgraded by adding a little detail or a small map of the country...", "Easy to learn countries capital's.. everything very good to play... But  to recognize capital's on map is difficult....", "Great tutorial, thank you. I actually dreamt I answered one of these at a \nparty!", "Excellent app. The pictures help to make the learning more concrete . Thumps up..", "Woow.... I love the pictures attached to it... Please try and make the one \nfor US States and capitals", "I have learned so much! I have downloaded this app and a few more of the \napps you've developed and I love them!!", "You learn about places on our planet and you feel like you've traveled \nalittle bit.", "Excellent! I will share this with my students who are playing games that are worthless in their lives.", "Lovely and nice game. But I am confused in the capital of Nigeria it is \nAbuja or Congo", "Jerusalem is the official capital of Israel. Tel Aviv was the temporary capital of the state of Israel for a short period between 1948 to 1949. The Knesset was moved to Jerusalem in December 1949.", "Overall an exciting game to kill time and increase information side by \nside. Thumbs up\ud83d\udc4d", "Yamada and you are not the intended recipients and other people in your life that you are not the intended recipient of this message", "Perfect \ud83d\udc4c for learning capitals I wish we had more games like this one", "Such a wonderful way to learn more about countries abd capitals. I really \nenjoy this game", "Simply the best for capitals. Includes pictures and continuous brain teasers. Ensures you solidify your learning", "What a game wonderful game I love it there are only 5 stars if there uncountable stars so I give it uncountable stars", "This is what people, kids especially, should be playing on their smartphones to while away the time because it is educational and interesting.", "An interesting way to learn by using images to aid memory. Excellent", "This is not just a game, but educated!", "if you don't improve your knowledge about capitals and countries with this app something is wrong with you, because it couldn't be more complete and simple.Very good app", "It's very good and a good way to learn some geography.", "Really nice game if u wish to learn the capital of all the countries\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "Too many ads and pop ups hated it", "I think it can be asked neatly and best to know the knowledge for children", "this is a really amazing game , helped improve my geography", "Best way to learn capitals....I loved this app", "It's awesome and challenging! nice one", "This game has improved my knowledge about countries and capitals. Loved it\ud83d\ude18", "It increases my knowledge by knowing the capital of country.", "This is the kind of app I always wanted... Geography lover\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\udcaa", "Helps to progressively learn capitals of all countries", "Great way to learn countries and capitals...helpful for geography... \nabsolutely loved it", "Great way to help you learn the capital cities !!", "Nice game. Good to spend time on plane as it works offline.", "It's one of the great educative game", "best app ever . we can study lot from this app .", "Learning a bunch of new places that I had never heard about", "Good for children to learn about capital cities of the world \ud83d\ude00", "Nice application.. helpful in knowing the world better", "I love this game..It really helps me educationally", "Educational and a nice way to spend my time", "Nice app for learning country &their capitals", "It's app very helpful for GK & competitive exam.", "A very good game for those who are weak in capital", "This is a very good game, I recommend it!", "I m realy enjoy and improve my knowledge by this game", "Its cool, maybe work a but more for the translation for Romania! :D", "pretty much of a child's game. that's exactly what it reminded me of after the 1st 2-3 games. but otherwise ok, hence the 3stars.", "I am learning a lot of information I thought I knew,it's challenging and fun.", "Very good app fully satisfied", "Amazing and enriching , a great learning tool .", "Good for kids and adults. Pleasant way to review / learn about geo.", "Basic knowledge can be found in this game", "This app is very useful for everyone", "From this game my geography skills have been very good", "It teaches and it's fun.", "I HAD DIARRHEA YESTERDAY", "There's no country with this name* Israeli occupation*.jersulam is the \ncapital of palestin.", "Excellent game for fun as well as learn", "This is lit and who ever made this game is a legend. .", "Very useful application for knowing capital cities of different countries.", "The makers of this app appear to have forgotten that the entire continent of Africa exist.", "It's a goog game and interesting one.", "Very educational. Like it a lot.", "Its Brain training n memory help", "Useful..it helps my son to remember the capital cities of countries", "Love the pictures. Great challenge. And fun", "It is a knowledgeable game and best for gk study", "Amazing one, learn stuffs in super fun way.", "This is the best educative game I have ever downloaded", "I really enjoying playing this game", "This name i s vary Good", "This is a bad game ever!!!!", "Good app to learn about the capitals.", "Informative and entertaining...best game..", "I think it's very interesting and educative. Really like it.", "I am in love with the game", "Typos, typos, typos.", "It's  super working app", "Capital : London. Is England's capital not the UK. The UK is England, Scotland, northern Ireland and Wales. Each having it's own capital city.", "good graphics...fast play", "My mind is more shsrper now\ud83d\ude00", "I can't scroll n zoom t map", "its fun playing\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "It's great! A fun variety of ways to learn the capitals. And it's great that you also get to learn where they actually are on the globe!", "I love this app", "Awesome game for learning geography", "Know the world through the game", "Very good interesting game", "Its not bad\ud83d\ude0f", "Very nice app with helful way of learning", "A fun way to learn the world capitals", "I am very pleased with adrey solovey", "educative and enjoyable I have always wanted to know the cities and this game is like a dream.", "What is the capital of italy answer:rome", "graphics pooor... otherwise excellent", "Because it trick our brain", "it's a very good game it helps you memories all the countries and cities of the world.", "Very varied some are easy & then some are hard, appear to have all the capitals correct!!", "Very informative!!good for school kids", "A good way to study, learn and have fun at the same time!\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\ude0a", "Wish I had this when I was a kid", "It's been pretty good for me", "Simply amazing!!!", "Pretty cool game!", "No support for 9:16 and terrible layout", "Nice game...fun as well", "jersalim is the capital of palastine not israeal", "Best game for knowing capitals", "It is usefulfor learning", "It is More volume and not arranged the study materials...", "Cool!", "Fantastic work only in language selection", "I really like very useful", "Very good app with good pictures", "Ok sir thanks", "Geography is very important and fundamental.", "Awesome....I liked it...", "Its hard to install because", "It is Very informative app.", "Awesome. Just Awesome", "It's a cool game quiz", "Great app ever for geography lovers! Many thanks to the author! Just perfect!", "Jerusalem is the capital of Palestine", "I like this game", "Very good game", "This app is helpful", "lovely game for kids", "well i give 5star because it halp you to learn about the countres.\ud83d\ude1c", "It's challenging,, And useful.. Thank you!!", "Good learning app!", "Very interesting game. I've learnt a lot, thank you!!!", "Very hard and good nice", "Yaaaaaaaa!aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa", "Only good to say about this APP", "It is ok", "It 's a great game..... Also quite useful .......", "Better but need improvement a lot but improve our skills", "Very useful app", "Very nice to play", "Good way to learn", "It is a nice game.", "I think it's good", "It's ok", "Love It! Excellent Work! And Well Done! I'm Giving It 5 Stars! \ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f", "best app ever for learning. (love from india)", "Very nice app to learn capital and countries of world", "love it luv to know about capital s five stars", "very much useful app with interesting levels.", "very nice please include Urdu language.", "Brain game", "very nice app. its very helpfull for us", "Very nice", "best app I have ever tried", "Fantastic App...", "Excellent app Really....", "Had this app before. Its great. relearned a lot .", "I am loving it", "so popular game", "Its very helpful", "Nice game", "Me gusto", "Very verrygood", "-_- Yea its gud :)", "It's excellent...", "Great variety and pics of the capitals ty", "An effective tool to memorise them", "Bad app", "great for quickly expanding your knowledge quickly", "Outstanding app. Thank you developer.", "It's better", "It is great.", "Realy loved it\ud83d\ude1a\ud83d\ude1a\ud83d\ude1a", "It's cool", "This is really very good app...", "Lo", "I liked this game!", "best app for laerning capitals", "Amazing app\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "Love this. Now I'm smart.", "Awesome app...", "wonderful educational game.", "Nnnnnn", "Wow", "Bakwas", "\ud83d\udc4c", "Good educational game", "my favorite subject"], "Standoff 2": ["Game is good,but there are some things it needs to be better. It needs a cover button so we can take cover behind objects. It also needs a peek option so we can shoot from behind cover. And lastly, it needs a scope option. I have only tried the first few guns but so far i havent been able to scope. ...Full Review", "Very nice but one thing, why does it not really work on \"low\" devices. Works fine on my other phone. That is why I have rated this game 4 star. One more thing, DO NOT add scopes, peeking buttons OR cover buttons. This game is known to be like CS GO. Please do not waste your career, and be BETTER tha...Full Review", "Probably The Most CSGO Look-A-Like Ever And This Game Is Just Fantastic. Simple, Lots Of Features In-Game And Graphics Looks Amazing. I'd Definitely Rate This A 5 Star BUT Please Please Add An Option to Remove People From Your 'Messages' Because At The Moment There Are Only 2 Options (Invite To Lobb...Full Review", "Eyyy fix your knife! Also don't have an option for having 30fps? 60fps drains my battery like a having a phone on maximum brightness the game was fine until the update happened, what update? You ask? The one that made the knife extremely op people don't want to fire there gun during arms race! Proba...Full Review", "The game is good for pro/poeple with skill and the control are very good that not the problem. The gameplay is great. The graphics is good when it high but i put it a medium and it still great. It the money case(which have rare skin than boxes) are hard to get when grinding so can your team make it ...Full Review", "Great game! Just like Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. Wish there was more customization with controls (i.e. additional fire buttons), a way to inspect all of my weapons and knives, a better chance to obtain a better skin from a boxes and cases, and to fix minor server issues. Most of the issues I ...Full Review", "I love this game. it is super fun, great graphics and great gameplay. I only have 2 troubles with the game. I always open chests and they always seem to be commons or uncommons. I feel like it should be made easier to get higher grade skins. And I feel like the there should be more maps for defuse, ...Full Review", "Everything is fine fore me, although there needs to be obe feature added for quality of life. Add the option to vote to kick a player from a match if they are hacking. The anti-cheat doesn't pick up on hackers most of the time, so this would be useful.", "Hi, overall, the game you created really well made and fun. I really wouldn't change much except maybe adding a little more variety in the gamemodes. Also, whenever I try to change my profile picture to one of the pictures from the gallery, the game crashes making it unable to change it. I really ho...Full Review", "Thus game is fun, CS:GO alternative for mobile. HOWEVER, there are some aspects need improvements. Respawn mechanics is worst comparing to some other similar titles. Servers are good and very low ping, but there is too much de-sync, sometimes shots do not register. Also cheater detection system need...Full Review", "axlebolt, standoff 2 is an amazing game.it is kinda like.. counter strike. so I am gonna make a video (YouTube), to sponsor you game, so I did sponsor's, I mean little sponsors so they gave me some of things in their game. so can u give me few skins??", "Respected producer. You have already added the action of planting the bomb i.e pressing some numbers . My request is that plz also add the action of defusing the bomb. The action can be finding the correct wire and cutting it. I hope you will add it in your new update of clans.. thank you. . Waiting...Full Review", "I'm level 87 now, the never ending hackers( cheaters) problems are seemingly nonstop for this game. My suggestion for the developer is to investigate how different each gun is registered when fired, the hacking program seems to register other guns( like pistol ) as awm rifle, check those players who...Full Review", "Okay, this ain't a normal developer, this is high-end developer! This CSGO mobile uses the Unity engine, and make it like the Valve's Source Engine! The feeling, atmosphere and the gameplay are more like CSGO. There are many developer tries to emulate CSGO in mobile, but failed. This, it is almost 8...Full Review", "Amazing graphics and all except the rewarding. You need to be a mvp in a game to get a reward, what the hell is that. Like my last game I killed 4 players then one defused the bomb and he got mvp? give reward to those who didn't got mvp because it's not fair", "Hello, I'm disappointed, I've recently been accused of speed hacking which I did not do. And a few days later the game started to act weird, I've been stuck in a never ending game, matchmaking stopped working, lobby's would not allow me to click start. Idk if it's cause of the new update or the spee...Full Review", "I think this is the best FPS mobile game! It is eo exciting that yuu can't stop playing it! I honestly think it is better than CS:GO! 1 thing i like a lot at this game is the thing that you don't lose anything if you lose a match, but you get XP!! \u041b\u0423\u0427\u0428\u0410\u042f \u0418\u0413\u0420\u0410 \u0412 \u041c\u0418\u0420\u0415", "The most look-alike csgo game for mobile. Controls are easy, smooth and very playable. Could you add more guns such as tec-9, mag-7, supressed m16 with 20 rounds and maybe a revolver? If you could it would be awesome i just want more variety.", "I love it! its the best FPS shooter ever on mobile. Its fast paced, easy to understand settings (especially graphics>resolution as i have trouble finding this setting in other fps games) and the highly customisable controls and crisshair i mean we can customise crosshair like however we want! The on...Full Review", "I have 5 or more major complaints about this game. 1.Offline mode, you have to add an offline game mode. it is unfair for a noob to enter a game with pros. this would allow them practice. 2.Lag, game lags alot. 3.people are too high rank for starters. 4.maybe add buyable knives. 5.fix the position o...Full Review", "its obviously a counter strike rip off. its an ok game, i just don't like how in arm race killing people with the knife will rank you up on your gun. also killing anyone with any gun should get you your new gun, not having to kill people multiple times to advance. it should be one kill with that wea...Full Review", "This is close to a mobile csgo. Its a very good app. Very entertaining and challenging. Its has a lot of potential. Just improve the anti-cheating mechanism more. I always hate when i encounter people who one shots me with pistols with a million damage. Its so frustrating. But overall. This is a ver...Full Review", "the game is good and fun to play but u can make it better by cutting off the commission at the market place. people may trade skins the price may increase or decrease and it can be a small skin trading platform the commission is too high if we buy the skin and its prive increase it wont be any good ...Full Review", "I enjoyed playing this game, and have invested money to continue the advancement of it. lTely there are so many cheaters using cheat codes in this game that it is no longer fun for others to play. Remove the cheaters before the legitamite players remove your game from their devices.", "great game except for 2 things 1. is competitive needs to be added simple your probably thinking about it anyway. 2. this is a bit of a problem i think the hit regostration needs to be server side instead of client side i play on oceanic and ill i get is people on 300+ ping and because hit rego is c...Full Review", "best android game for counter strike lovers... only one request... can u please give an option of duplicate controls... so i can have 2 fire buttons, one on the left n one on the right... please guys...fallen in love with this game last night but its hard to shoot", "This game is Awsome as hell...But sometimes during the match the game freezes...its a game problem all players in lobby were spamming lag. i want to see some new maps...add some gears like Kelver Vest and Helmets...There should be Voice Chat option too and most importantly a quick Chat option.", "This game is great !!! but the problem is when i load my second game after playing first game the game kicks me out, every timewhen i play the second game and it is really really annoying, i really love this game so pls fix it. i will give 4 stars due to that annoying problem, i have even emailed u ...Full Review", "This is the best fps game for android (confirmed) it has verry good graphics gameplay not that good controls and physics but i know they will improve them in the future this game is perfect for low devices and developers are listening to community and improving the game more and more and i really wa...Full Review", "No, doubt that this is one of the best FPS game in PlayStore but needs a bit of improvements like gyroscope in controls. Dragging and shooting is bit hard and voice chat should be brought. That days are when you type and talk with your teammates.", "Game is good. It is something like CSGO but this game is not so smooth. Needs more update for this game. I think if you guys add some feature like Solo, Duo, Squad modes with voice chats, make a friend making option and give jump button double click is too annoying also add some bombs. Make this gam...Full Review", "Positive: The graphics and animations are good. Negatives: 1: I've been shooting people 4 times with an AKR which should deal 35 damage but when i die it says i only gave 25. 2: The CT spawns with their face turned the wrong way: 3: lack of weapons 4: The reward at the end of the game isn't fair for...Full Review", "The only game after pubg which remained in my device for more than a month. I like everything about the game. If we call something as perfect, this game would be at no. 1 to called as so. But one thing I would like to suggest that please add more maps in the team death match. Only three maps isn't w...Full Review", "i like this game but please return Zone 9 because it is a best map in the game, i missed them. Next one please nurf the knife because you gave 1 hit and you are dead. \u0130t's a very absurd. i think u should nerf the knife... (2 hit is a very good)", "Updated: Still a decent looking(graphics) for a mobile game. But is even more laggy now even though more servers added. Need more game modes and maps. Should only be skill based so no weapon upgrades etc. Other than that enjoyed it but became repetitive with low number of players in games and also n...Full Review", "how the hell am i a cheater? ill give u permission to record my gameplay under the condition that u give me my 20 bloody dollars tht i spent on ur game and i will never ply with ur crybabies again. however if you choose not to give me my 20 dollars back i will report you're game for scamming and myb...Full Review", "There is an serious and aweful bug in the game that you have to fix. When I selled my AKR \u201cNecromancer\" for 99.00g gold, It shows \"Searching for applicable offer\" on the screen and I didn't recive my gold. When I checked my sales history, MY GUN SKIN WAS SOLD BUT I DIDN'T RECIVE MY GOLD!!! Please fi...Full Review", "The game is a good idea in itself, yet the gameplay is not. There is a lot of lag although my ping stays under 100 most of the time. The arms race mode is very indecisive on whether it wants to give you a new weapon every kill or every 5 kills. There are also speed hackers (which may be due to the l...Full Review", "standoff 2 is a great game i played it couple of times but the problem is right after I finish one game it will say cheater! speed hack detected and it turn offs the game which is really frustrating coz i am not using any sort of hack or anything . So please fix your cheat detecter", "Hello, i love this game it is really fun but the marketplace is down which is really annoying. 1 feature you can add is that you can get good from cases or even by playing the game. Another feature is to add daily rewards.Thank you Axelbolt you made a great job keep it up!", "Just really boring and controls are sticky and lame. Lag is a also real. Just downloaded it now and first time playing I had 40 kills and 3 deaths. Game is waaaay to easy", "where is zone 9 even though I update to 1.10.7 why? This is my favourite game but I dont play this thing anymore. I will dont to play it anymore if Axelbot didnt fix this thing!!! And why there are many hacker in the game. Please fix the speed boost bug in defuse.", "Graphics are fantastic, gameplay also really good. But I don't enjoy the control. For me it needs time to learn and that's not a good thing... I am not used to three fingers control and I hope there is an second fire bottom on the left side.", "Please increase the height of the right aiming zone from the bottom to the top of the screen. Or at least make it customisable, like the left shooting zone. Please man this update basically screwed up my aim.", "i love this game, very addicting and overall good. But one massive problem of this game is the hacker or cheater or noobs that cant play so they decided to hack. Change my mood and even potentially deleting this game. Ban them, not just the account, but the whole thing.", "The game is well made and has many similarities to CS:GO, it is probably one of the best mobile FPS games out there but nothing is perfect. I suggest that you add bots so players can play offline and a private trading system so you can trade with friends. If any of those were added it would make the...Full Review", "I'm rating this game 3 stars as I'm currently getting stuck on the loading screen, it says 'error, check your internet connection' but that's not the problem. I'm playing on a S9+ and I'm enjoying it so far, great game but I don't want this problem to continue. Hopefully I can get in touch with some...Full Review", "Hey! This is one of the best FPS games I've seen out there, it got one of the best graphics, best modes and many more other interesting stuffs but there is still some changes needed in this game. For example yall should decrease the lag issues a little bit even if you have a super fast Internet conn...Full Review", "Its a good game good graphics and controls only reason why i did not give it a 5 star is because of the lag even if i have below 100 ping i dont know if its just me, other than that its a great game and i wish you can use volume buttons to shot and use scope with", "Graphics is Awesome, They just need to fix their servers because of lag and delays. Add a competitive mode where there are 5 players on each team and if they leave they will have consequences. Add more guns and add the molotov. They should increase rounds in a competitive mode too. Add a reporting s...Full Review", "one of the best fps if not the best on android, the only \"problem\" i have is the simple fact that it's hard to win skins or gold if u cant use irl money for example im not allowed to spend money on games and tbh i get why but even so i would like for it to be easier to get skins and some more gold l...Full Review", "I like this game but you should add more chance of getting legendary or arcane things on boxes it would be helpful for non paid gamers.Also this game has a very few guns you should add more to attract players to install this game.Or also some new maps.Thats my suggestion.Also this a great game and I...Full Review", "BEST FPP GAME. I have everyskin bought alot of gold. I played critical ops and forward assault their not even close to how good this game it. Would love the trade update to come out early. Cant wait keep it up devs. Sponsor me lol", "It's actually pretty good, but after some time all the maps and weapons are getting boring, it would be cool if you could report suspicious behavior and partys where you automatically join a side as a team, it would be really cool to see one ore more of these features in the future", "Really fun, balanced not p2w. have ran into two hackers but considering how much I play this game it isn't very concerning. small map and gun selection but think of it as pocket sized cs.go. 5 stars", "A good game if you like counter strike. Please add more pistols and snipers. Hackers are getting a bit annoying now because theres alot of them but overall, a good game. Nice try \ud83d\udc4d", "Really good game and I enjoy it so much HOWEVER the anti-cheat has kicked me from games I had nearly won. These all happened on Province as a terrorist being able to get to B really quickly by using the knife going to the wooden ramp and then up the stairs and to the left to get to the wide tunnel l...Full Review", "Unparalleled Counterstrike clone. Don't even read a review that's below 5 stars, it was probably written by a vindictive psychopath who thinks it's funny to give amazing games 4 star ratings. Disgusting.", "This game is just like pocket cs:go andi love it . i think we should be able to pick up the grenades of dead bodies it would be much helpful for us and we should be able to carry 2 stun grenades like in csgo. but the capacity will remain 4", "Game is too easy. All guns are available, so this game is great for first-timers. The only flaws are that the teams could be larger and spawning. The latter is very annoying. Firstly, you spawn quickly, so there's no time to select another gun. Then, the enemy has a huge tendency to camp at your spa...Full Review", "I GOT SMOETHING can you put zombie mode and something more........please put more guns like M9 or barret.50 this more powerful than AWM.. oh and put customise your gun i mean put any scope put barrel anything on gun or the rifle......i mean like( rainbow six sidgh) it is cool game but on pc..... rai...Full Review", "I liked this game but its has its down falls on things like ping abusing. I think this game has a lot af way to go but It will be a long and fun journey.you should add a ranked sistem and new maps too", "OKAY DEVELOPERS PAY ATTENTION This game is full of hackers which they run with high speed and have aimbots and all kind of stuff and they are ruining our experience. Many games in this type have hackers but at least they have REPORT option and they BAN the HACKERS. You have failed keep the game clea...Full Review", "This game is fun, although you guys should really invest in getting some new gun sounds in the next update.The My sounds like an airsoft gun. But my main gripe with this game is the abhorrent bullet penetration. At first, it was bearable, but now it's gotten to the point to where I'm getting shot th...Full Review", "I used to play 8 out of 10 game with hackers now it's getting lower I appreciate the antiCheat my only issue is the odds are way too low on unboxing any kind of a nice skin please give us a way to earn those ... thank you", "love it great graphics great gameplay but, one time i tried to play a match as loading it says that it has been thrown it kept continuing. please tell me whats wrong and try to fix it", "I like the game pretty much Graphic looks pretty good; is like csgo I love it; skin;enviroment and stuff. only onething that really bad is hackers. there like from computer(Computer platfom) use aim bot or even wall. The thing is Y there isn't a report center or report button (may be there is I dont...Full Review", "Serious bugs need to be addressed. Disconnects on Wi-Fi and unlimited data make the game unplayable for every match. the movement is clunky and the aiming is awful. Nice try but you missed the mark by a lot", "These are my concern pls hear me out: - There should be 2 controls in knives 1. fast attack but low damage 2. 1 stab kill - Nerf the shotgun range and damage because it can still kill you far away - Fix the smoke bug where enemies can still locate you because your name will pop, smokes should make y...Full Review", "please release PC version with 20+ maps and better custom lobby. This game will be No. 1 esports, cause its so fun to play!", "the game is good. But why when I do matchmaking it always Something went wrong. My connection was good. I've been playing for like 4/6 month and this game already something went wrong for like 200+ time.. fix this.", "This was a great game, i like the graphic and how its not pay to win. but theres still cheater and u should add more fitures like custom map, competitive rank and skin gift", "Exceeded my expectations by far. Smooth, high-frame rate, fast paced FPS beauty. far stabler than pubg, and scratches that itch for when you dont have half an hour to spend in game.", "THE GAME IS VERY GOOD BUT I SEEMS OTHER GAME HAVING EXCHANGING OF GUNS WITH OUR FRIENDS. SO PLZ FIX THIS ISSUE. THANKYOU FOR MAKING THIS GAME. I ALSO IMAGINE THIS GAME WILL DEFEAT PUBG. THANKS", "It's epic game nice and a easy controls just try expand maps and create a new mod like individual battle against, say 20-50 players. Nice game \ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\udc4d", "dear axlebolt my servers seem to be down and the game tells me to check connection and after i do that nothing changes. i was able to play yesterday my tag is (5_7)cRYptic sAD", "u like counter strike welp that what this is but in Mobile and not a bad version either there's a decent community trading and not very many 8 year olds that just tell u to kys when there the ones that are bad lol tiny rant on the sqweakers", "I don't know what happen I got banned because of speed hack I been playing this game without any mod how am I banned. pls developer fix this I have Been banned two times for same reason by the way best game it is now best than every game", "Has Potential. The game has credits and trading options for skins but the actual gameplay kinda stinks. It lags a lot not because of wifi but it just does. Its not my phome either. My phone can handle any Mobile game with ease. The enemies just teleport 5 ft or so to another location making it very ...Full Review", "Overall a good game, I recommend others to play this! But, I deducted a star for a reason. Reason: Players are able to \"Spawn Kill\" If they wish, without restrictions. When I play, Most of the times I have \"AFK\" teamates, and I often go solo against another team, which is FRUSTRATING when 3 or more ...Full Review", "The overall gameplay is very good. But one day i open the game it shows the Axlebolt and made with unity, but then won't start. It only shows black screen. Pls Fix", "goooooooood game what to say but something's that is to be fixed are 1. add voice chat again 2. reduce the recoil of many guns like m16 deagle and there should be suppressed guns also 3. also there should be particular names for maps like mid , short high mid. If these are added then I will rate 5 s...Full Review", "Can you please add modes to this game? For example:sniping mode or knife mode. Thank you for your hard work!", "There's a problem with my ping. When im playing PUBG mobile the ping is 120 but when u play this game its like 450 i have good internet connection but it still does this btw im playing in south asia which is the server with the fastest ping", "Hello There , Anti Cheat Update ya?? where? there is still a Cheater inside this game , SPEED HACKER , Aimbot , fast Bomb. Please make a Report Options ! so if we see a Hacker , we could report em'!! Fix it !!.", "There is a problem with the Arms Race mode, not a bug, but the fact knifers are out-playing the others players playing normally, this is very frustrating as I can't even get past the SM1014 shotgun whether if the knifer is on my team or the other. I know you are trying to mimic the play style of CS:...Full Review", "Need a bigger map.. I hate spawn camping.. I'll suggest dust 2 map from csgo pls and also voice chat support pls", "Please add VOICE CHAT PLEASE I WILL REALLY APPRECIATE IT AND pelass dont forget to add MUTE option too please O AM REALLY addicted to thus game BUT there is only one problem that we cant talk with other people it woulb be very cool Pubg mobile will be down too. Every one starts to play MOBILE CSGO =...Full Review", "I was very impressed until I went into a game. It was about 90% loaded and then it crashed. I have tried to join a game at least 5 times. Please fix this problem.", "nice game.but I have some suggestions for u guys: 1-CLANS 2-more guns and maps as soon as possible 3-the act of defusing 4-more game modes and the most important one: ranked game and some unti cheats for the cheaters pls.keep going.thx for ur nice game", "The game is absolutely awesome. but when I play defuse my internet get disconnected, while playing other modes it runs like normal hence I give 1 star less.", "the perfect CSGO like FPS shooter in Mobile ! Nice graphics, excellent gameplay (exactly same as CSGO) loved it over ALL ! PS: It would be much better if you could include GYROSCOPE aiming.....will make this game the beast !!", "The game is fun and addictive, the only issue is the control customization, it need ALOT of work. Not only that though, the pause button need to be relocated, its annoying how when you try to press the pause button, it end up shooting automatically, its VERY ANNOYING.", "it was good but i was detected for speedhack but i dont know what the hell that is . like do you run veryfast or do you kill one shot? just saying pls look into it im not hacking", "Still need more improvement...... 1. Everyone will have same kind of gun in death match....sniper vs smg has no match 2. If u hide at any place and u cant see aponent but he easily kills u...", "THIS GAME IS SOOOOO AMAZING NEVER ADS THE SKINS ARE SO DOPE THE GAMEPLAY EVERYTHING IS AWESOME DOWNLOAD THIS GAMES NOW! YOU WONT REGRET IT!", "excellent game. but you should have a report button because i have one match today and a player is hacking (speedhack.) and ruining the game experience of other players.", "Very good game but recently i m not able to play. Game stops saying i m cheating but i always play legally.. Very bad..", "This game is garbage and the developers should never attempt to make another game again. i have been playing this game for a long time now and you would think someone would have fixed the bugs by now but unfortunately they have not and the game runs horribly. all i wanted as a gamer was to have a de...Full Review", "Please make the aiming zone from top to bottom again. New update messed up my aim", "fix hit detection. thats literally my only problem with this game. you cant tell me that after the game displays 10+ hitmarkers that i did 0 damage.", "I love this game, but im starting to hating it. Because no matter how good my connection is, it keeps disconnecting over and over again. I died every round just because of this bug. Please fix thr servers", "every thing has been good so far exept for some harmless bugs if this game had gyroscope it would be a 5 star review and the aiming sens is to slow i cant 180 flick people", "This game has a lot of potential. The game is too slow make it a fast paced game , more movement on the gun when running cause the gun just remains straight as if you are walking. And improve the scope system to be available on SmGs not only rifles", "Aimbots here, aimbots there, aimbots everywhere, can't even find a good match with no aimbot ruining my game. Basically, there's two type of people here. the people who just got the game or still doesn't know well the control, or just people with speed hack and aimbot, and possible wallhack.", "hey, can you make more map but not replace it? and make some voice message in the game and lobby. thank you! (if you make what i want, you will be like CS:GO Mobile and will be the EDITOR CHOICE games! Please make it!) :)", "servers need to be fixed. the game is amazing but if you have 100 ping you are at a huge disadvantage. guns are perfect dont add iron sights stick to the csgo theme of things. cant wait for ranked but please fix the servers", "Hey Standoff creators! This is very good game and im playing it for like one year and im waiting for a hostage rescue map, can you make it please also this is the best fps game for mobile thank you. And controls are not bad they are good.", "arms race isnt fun any more now that people ONLY F...ING knife. butnits still kinda fun", "addictive game, but theres a lot cheater. one hit kill and auto aim cheat. fix it", "Best game so far lol, nice graphics, it might have a few server problems but that's rare, also bugs get fixed really fast. I love the devs and the community doesn't have that much toxicity. So yeah recommended game \ud83d\udc4d", "A pretty fun game, i must say. But the full auto weapons are weird- you can just hol down the trigger and accurately hit on long distances without stopping and that's annoying, as you've got almost no chances of winning that exchange", "#1:its pretty cool game with nice graphics #2:maps are cool and guns are mind-blowing #3:i think its better then pubg improvement should be done #1: reload this is the problem that i don't like reloading is slow when im reloading some one come and kill me #2:jump should be little high when ever im r...Full Review", "1. Sometimes shots won't register for good ping i.e 65ms even having 94 ping 2. So many glitches in Standoff2 please fix 3. Game reconnects", "the game is really fun but the lagey severs i have random momenta where i get rendomly discuneted and lose all my xp but the game is really fun 10/10 i would play it all day and add auto balance like matches like 1v4 its just bull need auto balance because nobody switches team but only awitch if the...Full Review", "I loved the game very much but please update the game and give new types of guns and please add some new guns like smg there are only 3 smg and pistols also please do faster as you can please but i loved the game and please gives us voice chat please \ud83e\udd11\ud83e\udd11\ud83e\udd11\ud83e\udd11", "great game just one little thing i cant stand inlike how some objects like doors u can shoot thru thats nice and cool. also one downfall of this game is peoble like to glitch out some how and slide across the ground knifing u", "hi I think it is an amazing game but all I think that you should add is more multiplayer maps because it is getting a bit boering and can you add more guns like the scare h and more shotguns and maby more game modes like free for all. thx and my user name is COSMIC GAMING", "This game has a very good idea but the implementation is not that good,the game has amazing graphics (very close to csgo),also the game mechanics are very good.BUT there are severe ping issues sometimes it doesn't only depend on you it also depends on the ping of the opponent other players seem to v...Full Review", "garbage absolutely trash. im not overstating that id rather lose a finger then play this game", "people are moaning but if you play the game more you will understand the gameplay and the weapons more people always talk about ping but maybe check the internet connection. overall it is a very enjoyable game and am loving it", "great graphics and smooth game play. taking one star off because of false cheating claim that instantly boots me off for no reason.", "This game is good, but how many hackers and mods? You need to do something about them and you not getting another penny out of me until you do!!", "Odio este jugo ya me gaste 20 d\u00f3lares\ud83e\udd11 en puras cajas y en la medalla de Bronce pero lo amo a la vez, les recomendar\u00eda que pusieran las rachas como un guante que te permita recargar mas r\u00e1pido y que al momento de dejar de recibir da\u00f1o tu vida aumentara eso seria GENIAL para poder seguir tendiendo r...Full Review", "Really good game, BUT there are cheaters, and you can't report or ban them. And its really annoying. Please fix this.", "I think it's a pretty good game and it's fun, but I find a couple of hackers and there is no way to report them so they can no longer do it. I hope this gets added in the future when this game starts to develop better.", "This game is the best....the only problem with you guyz is that knives are available for only those who can purchase gold using money....those who cant buy gold cant even get good skins...please do something....", "game is good but my id got banned it stated that i was using a speed hack cheat .. actually I didn't. u can legally scout my id and if it found that i was using a speed havk then ill stop playing.", "Massive problem with weapon balancing, the p90 is the biggest problem, people just take p90 then run and gun with it, it needs nerf, either make its spread really big after the first continuous shots, or make its recoil even worse, OR even better get it out of the game completely. This is games bad ...Full Review", "The game isn't balanced. there are hackers thst have aimbot and run really fast. they ruin the game", "Great game but extremely unfair unless you pay a lot for boxes that give random weapons. I've unlocked weapons like red tiger or m4 tiger but it seems like the game wont let me use them unless I pay for them. they are equipped but I'm not able to use them in games. I dont suggest you download unless...Full Review", "So many cheaters please fix it :( and please add mic so we can communicate fast through our voice and we make set strategies as fast as we can. thanks for the hard work ur game is the best fps.", "now this game is really great like it is very hard to control most weapons i get that you tried to make it like CS:GO but not to much it is a nice game and has very beautiful skins and the maps are easy to know this game is hard as well as most weapons can't be aimed down sights which i'm fine with ...Full Review", "READITwhen i get to play it is awesome but when i go in a new round it doesn't load in and i have to exit out the game and go back in the game for it to work and some times it soesn't work and it says connection has been lost but my internet is on and it makes me sign back in with my account to so c...Full Review", "It's good, but the dumb exceptions thrown at me make it a bit buggy and ruins the experience. It's an excellent game though!", "Axlebolt pls,im begging u to bring back zone 9,just make the terrorist spawn on the tunnel behind the old T spawn,just bring it back,that map would be incredible with the added nades. Also can you make molotoves to change the pace of the and to punish risky aggressions.Thank YOU AXLEBOLT and we can ...Full Review", "Fix the one shot on the knives due to the fact that it makes arms race very difficult to play. Otherwise it is an awesome game. :)", "Great game but it would be the best game if u add competitive mode ar ranked where the CPU gives us the team whether terrorists or counter terrorist and different ranks like silver and that kind of I hope u read this message.", "Not bad. Controller support amd more maps would be amazing. There is alap alot of server lag at times that effects all players.", "Horrible game, extremely buggy. When in lobby and I click join game, the app closes itself, gameplay itself is not much better to be honest.", "i install it and run it it comes to loading screen loging in then it crashes AND WHERE ARE FU CKING SPECS?", "ok the people who can't get gold the people who are poor who can't afford gold should they dig down their graves to the hell of commun skins. can you give us maybe 5 gold every month please", "Best game for mobile, way more better than critical ops and forward assault, more fun, better buying system, amazing skins even for lower tier, easy controlls, beautifull graphics and smooth gameplay most of the time", "I like this game but needs more maps, new game mode (zombie survival), more skins, more weapons :pistols-usp, revolver, tec 9etc Heavy:bizon, mag etc. More weapons on the category smg Etc.", "This is the best fps game on mobile. The controls are excellent. But there are some reasons why I didn't rated the game 5 stars. Tell me something: one or two months ago I was playing the game in 45-55 fps ,everything high except MSAA and AF. Now with everything on medium and low I can't get more th...Full Review", "i play this game since launch but now a days i have just hate the fact that i have to go verus hackers and im tired of it p.s fix your anti hack", "The game itself is outstanding is terms of Gameplay however it takes a while for new features to be introduced. Clans have been \"under construction\" since the start of the release, it's now 2019 and yet still no sign. L.S", "Its so good but if you can add some more kinds of grenades and more guns like shotguns abd pistol, it will be the best game on android. I know its too much request but add more maps plsss.", "after the update the game loses connection a lot and cant reconnect, and when it does connect it lags so much that it is unplayable. place fix it as soon as possible. also I encounter cheaters quite often but it is hard or impossible to report them in game.", "The consuming data of this game is so hight, i can't play as long as i like, please fix it soon as possible, make it more economycial of consuming data", "Unfair! I was still noob and then we fought off to pro players and then we keep on dying and its annoying! please add a rank system where we it will be fair and all!!!", "please fix this. There are many hackers here one of them is 'Oom8589' please please bann all hacker. I'll be happy if there's no hacker", "Its like cs:go Dude Its awesom plz update it with Zombie mode escape or Survival zombie", "This game is a total fiasco. It is not realistic , it has so many problems with time, it pauses, so many cheaters are using pause too to cheat the game, it has better graphics than standoff 1, but it lost all the experience of a real combat, it does not worth be considered a combat simulator, not ev...Full Review", "TOO MANY BUGS!!!!!! and in the game mode that we had to get a kill with a weapon, there shouldnt be a knife, but maybe for one of the guns, not both guns and knife. i kill someone with 23 bullets but i get killed with 3 pistol bullets, just too many bugs to say it all here.", "The controls are unique and the gameplay is smooth, there are players using cheats which needs worked on. more maps are needed as well as guns but overall a good game", "the game is not working ......after lobby the game crashes and i'm not able to play ..i have already downloaded this game 3-4 times but i am facing the same problem. PLEASE FIX THIS ISSUE AND HELP ME OUT.", "can you please fix the smoke lag. Thanks but your game is going amazing right now.\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udd92", "cant we play maps of defuse in team death match like rust in death match and other best game ever played is it cs go i have a confusion why this game is not in editor choice it should be cant teher be match in which we have to only kill with knifes", "Very fun!!But please add features like new weapons(Tec9,Motolov??).Add new maps like dust from CS:GO but different look obiously. Also add skin trade and being able to earn gold a little easier and skins and clan!", "Awesome graphics. Loved it. But running animation is not realistic. There is no camera shake effect. Please add new unique maps. Best fps game I've played. Thumbs up. Great game.", "how do get difrent knife and hiw can pple shoot me through the walls? and i rage when i die and speed hackers are common", "Axlebolt took multiplayer gaming to a whole new level and I'm quite overhelmed that i am a part of this great game... Seriously, It is the best FPS I've seen so far on the playstore. Well done\ud83d\udc4d...Graphics are fine, Controls are better as compared to others and a slight finish is needed in the game ...Full Review", "Idk if im the only one who have problem with the control. It's ok but could be better", "its just a really cool and realistic game,like how the headshots count in battle, awesome guns and stuff new updates to fix minor glitches or bugs really cool and hardly lags on good phones but,i was annoyed how they have decieved everyone,saying they have CLANS,why did they lie .... it aint cool", "it's a good game. but it's unplayable when against an other player. most of the players in this have between 150 and 900 ping in the game", "game is wonderful but in my mi note 4 when is use the gun 'AKR' the fps becaome low to 30 commonly i get 55fps...", "the best game I have ever played. I love this game, playing like addicted lol. it reminds me counter strike when we kid we use to play.", "played the heck out of the first one and loved it, playing the heck out of this one and also loving it. would love it even more if the snipers only gamemode came back in this one.", "I love this game but if you can use 10 gold to get 100 credits shouldnt you be able to buy 10 gold for 100 credits that just seems correct to me", "this game was great, but the controls can get weird. And there are some hackers on the loose. But all and all a great game surprisingly!!!", "Awesome. Its like a mobile CS:GO. It is one of the best games here. I just recomend adding more weapons, like and LMG or something. Also maybe let grenades be in other game mods and not just defuse. Still an Awesome game.", "everything is great and all but Im suggesting please add a new pistol a usp silencer.Please add this pistol its so cool and I think more reviews will be added on this game", "Finally my problem is fixed and I can enjoy standoff 2 with SM1014 quake , M4 Pro , AKR Carbon , FAMAS Beagle and Desert Eagle Dragon Glass. Thanky you for perfect graphics controllers, weapons, maps. Work like this. P. S. Waiting for clan system to be created !!! Also please make prife of watching ...Full Review", "Sir, this game is awesome and i play this game many month but when i install the game since 1 week when i open it crashed in loading profile player. Why pls answer fast i want to play", "I love this game if you can please add surf and cz75 and USP and many more csgo guns and way more knives and add a trding system and a lower cost for a box and make the slitest chance of getting a knife or give a bayonet or give it when you reach level 5 overall this game is awesome 10/10 I recommen...Full Review", "Dear Axlebolt, When we open boxes there is always common or uncommon items we get there are also legendary arcane skins but we always get uncommon or common, Please do something easy for us to legendary or arcane skins, By the way The game is very nice and runs smooth in my moto x4 and if there was ...Full Review", "I like this game easy control good graphics. You should add more guns more maps and you should fix the village map make it a bit larger. Thats all keep up the good work!", "Ovo vam je govno da bog da vam se zatvorila firma i da bankrotirate i da jedete NE\u0160IN GULA\u0160 ZAJEDNO SA NE\u0160OM I DA BOG DA ODETE U KOVINSKI KLEK DA VAS NE\u0160A PAPA MR\u0160\u0160\u0160\u0160\u0160\u0160\u0160\u0160\u0160\u0160\u0160\u0160\u0160\u0160\u0160\u0160", "please put silence weapons such as assault rifles and pistols make more maps and let us have More flashes and smokes", "Amazing game, Seriously I love the controlls and the ability to disable accelaration is KEY to the snappy aim I have adapted in this game but there is only one issue in need of adressing, Framedrops this accurs when lots of players show in the render frame im on an G7thinQ with the Snapdragon 845 an...Full Review", "You should add some rewards like daily login rewards, challenges, missions and more.", "Is very good the game what if you would like them to add it would be competitive if someone loses to get it down or something like that also find 2v2 or 5v5 that nobody can go out and if they come out there would be bots or give them a penance or something that lower them range more than normal or n...Full Review", "there is a cheater called *\u0118rmal* because he is using unfare equipment such as a keyboard connected to his phone and in that case it's very unfare for us mobile players so I want for every keyboard player to be suspended for that using a keyboard as a rule called unfare equipment rule ok creator! An...Full Review", "1. Need more weapons or full costumization normal severs ,ranks,normal gun game ,more maps,2. realistic gun reload animations, normal recoil, thats all 2stars", "your server is way too laggy for us here in asia. pl fix it. but ots good by the way .", "*\u0646\u06a9\u0627\u062a \u0642\u0648\u062a 1:\u0646\u0633\u0628\u062a \u0628 \u0628\u0642\u06cc\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc\u0627 \u0645\u0648\u0628\u0627\u06cc\u0644 \u063a\u06cc\u0631 \u0642\u0627\u0628\u0644 \u0645\u0642\u0627\u06cc\u0633\u0633 \u0646\u0648\u0639 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc\u0634 \u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc\u0647 \u0645\u067e\u0627\u06cc \u062e\u0648\u0628\u06cc \u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647 *\u0636\u0639\u0641 : \u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u0627\u0633\u06a9\u06cc\u0646 \u062a\u06a9\u0631\u0627\u0631\u06cc \u0645\u06cc\u062f\u0647.. \u0647\u06a9\u0631 \u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u0648 \u0622\u062f\u0645 \u06cc\u06a9\u0645 \u062e\u0633\u062a\u0647 \u0645\u06cc\u0634\u0647 \u0686\u0648\u0646 \u062a\u0646\u0648\u0639 \u0646\u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647", "I like this game very much because i am looking for a game like csgo and it is very good optimized for mobile but just having some trouble like i play this game in India and facing so many problems of lagging and i cannot able to found a map which was shown down below and i think this map is also in...Full Review", "Good game but, the bullets go through the walls. WHYYYY? PLS FIX THIS. It is not fare that players can shoot through walls while they are hiding and the other team is losing because of that. And when are the clans going to be opened? Can you please open the clans? I really want to experience it. But...Full Review", "i love this game it is soo so amazing i play it every day .however my ping seems too go up to 500 hundred and this has not happend before .i think it might be a glitch or something because my wifi is perfectly fine. would love you you could take a look or something. but the game is amazing.", "Has high potential but respawn then youll be instantly dead. Would be good if there's some seconds for invicibility after respawn.", "This game calls me a cheater and apparently I am speed hacking. My friends experience this as well. Get the right hackers and not innocent players WOW after the rival update the game STILL calls me a cheater and says I need to reconnect OH MY GOOOOD THIS GAME STILL CALLING ME A CHEATER. THESE CREATO...Full Review", "decrease the rate fire of assault rifles and SMG. Fix lag on server. The gameplay is awesome.", "what is this update i am not using any cheat even then it keeps saying you have used speedhack why man why it is superb game i wanna play it please fix it fast", "I really Enjoy this game But I haven't been playing it for around 2 days I just got bored of the same old maps and the same guns I Really hope u could add some new maps and new suppressed guns like a suppressed pistol make the ak so only t can use it make the m4 so that the ct Can use it And Thank Y...Full Review", "Relly appreciate the game. I always wanted to play games like Counter-Strike whenever i want. But,i could not. Now i can play counter-strike anywhere without carrying my 3 kg laptop. Good job man. I would give 5 star on this game but i won't because of server connection issues. please fix it.", "Im been playing this game for years now and I love it, but i was just thinking that u should make a sandbox mode. Also I think that you should add in a saw-off shotgun btw. But hey keep doing what u do best.", "Everything I experience is totally Excellent!! What I want from Standoff 2 to generate rare category of knives, more guns with more skins and all weapons inspection during gameplay, team voice chat, more maps, Don't include one player in that game that had already completed 2 rounds...That's It.", "why the enemy start blinking so fast, its hard to use sniper when the enemy are moving randomly. my FPS meter is around 40-60. and ping is ok. but the enemy still blinking", "Hey there makers !!! This is a LEGENDARY game s and I want some update which will make it best . So they are - 1. Smoke from gun while shooting . 2. A new gun known as AUG And there we are . NOW THIS WILL BE LEGENDARY BUT PLEASE ADD THIS IN YOUR 0.11.0 UPDATE"], "Clash Royale": ["game is very fun, I enjoy it very much, BUT when in 2v2 if my teammate leaves match, and it happens alot, I leave because I cant win if my teammate leaves me hangin. then I get a hour or two punishment! w t fr supercell? why you do me like that? other than that game is cool. would be nice if people ...Full Review", "please edit matchmaking, currently it is only based on trophies can you please base it on levels aswell i come across people 2 levels higher than me its very difficult. also im sure youve heard this alot but please make the cancel button work. i would love to see a legendary flying building card tha...Full Review", "It's a fun game. Each battle at MOST takes 5 minutes. It's multiplayer only. The unlocks are a bit slow, but there are so many people playing that game wait times are usually instant. Furthermore, game brackets are super fair in that I've never seen anyone with a greater or lower tank than +/- 10. G...Full Review", "Updates that NEED to get into the game: 1) Volume Button, instead of on and off only 2) Remove or Fix the Cancel Button, no point in being there if it's useless. Even when it's not an instant que-find it gets stuck reading 'Cancelling' for 5 or 6 seconds and then enters a game anyways. 3)Putting wir...Full Review", "Update: they became more generous with gold and cards and it helps alot im the game. well done. i recommend the game it is addictive. The whole game rotates around the chests! Unless you have gems you will not have any progress no gold no experience no cards nothing!! The game idea is great. But sup...Full Review", "Amazing game. It's easy to learn, hard to master. There are many different interactions and as you go up in arenas and new cards are unlocked, you get introduced to more and more of them. You eventually get to the point where you get very involved with the game and find others who play it. This is m...Full Review", "I am not getting any new cards.... Make improvement in getting new cards.... I am in arena 7.....I have received the Prince when I was in arena  3...... EDIT: Yo Supercell,  give me one legendary card.... It's almost 3 months.... EDIT2: thanks got princess.... EDIT3;NOW give me Super Magical Chest", "A great game! When I saw it in play store, I thought this might not be as good as its predecessor, Clash of Clans, which everyone loves. But boy! I was wrong. This is a great game and DEFINITELY worth a shot! You will love it too! I promise. But there is something that I want to say. You can't add f...Full Review", "I loved this game until the last update for clan wars. I wish it was back \nto the old way. Now you really have to rely on your whole clan playing \neveryday in order to place high in the war. At least before other people \ncould make up for what the inactive players didn't do. It really took the \nfun ...Full Review", "I do like Clash Royale, but the thing's are that. You know, I'm average and I want to have good card's. I do have them, but, the event's are actually unfair. Because if I play a event. I always play against Very good player's from a good clan. The result from a event is : 0 Win's, even if I keep re-...Full Review", "great game but it seems like every \"balancing\" update just ruins it more. every person i go against uses the same cards because certain ones are stupid good while others are useless. can't count how many times i lost to someone who did no damage other than using missiles. it's absurd.", "Game is good till arena 7, then its pay to win. You buy boxes U'll move forward or your battles will be scripted in such a way that you will be in the same place for weeks. PAY MONEY YOU WILL ENJOY THE GAME, OR IT'S DIFFICULT.", "What was once an addictive game, with a lot of potential, has turned into complete trash. 2v2 you're either paired with someone with cards too under levelled, or you are paired with someone who ends up quitting 30 seconds in. Don't get too attached to any card, because they'll boost it only to turn ...Full Review", "\u0423\u0436\u0430\u0441\u043d\u044b\u0439 \u043f\u043e\u0434\u0431\u043e\u0440 \u0441\u043e\u043f\u0435\u0440\u043d\u0438\u043a\u0430. \u0421\u0430\u043c\u0430\u044f \u0443\u0436\u0430\u0441\u043d\u0430\u044f \u0438\u0433\u0440\u0430 \u0438\u0437 \u0432\u0441\u0435\u0445 \u0438\u0433\u0440! \u0412\u0441\u0435\u043c \u0441\u043e\u0432\u0435\u0442\u0443\u044e \u043d\u0435 \u0441\u043a\u0430\u0447\u0438\u0432\u0430\u0442\u044c \u044d\u0442\u0443 \u0438\u0433\u0440\u0443! \u041f\u0438\u0441\u0430\u043b \u0432 \u043f\u043e\u0434\u0434\u0435\u0440\u0436\u043a\u0443 \u043e \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0431\u043b\u0435\u043c\u0435 \u043f\u043e\u0434\u0431\u043e\u0440\u0430, \u043d\u0438\u043a\u0430\u043a\u0438\u0445 \u0434\u0435\u0439\u0441\u0442\u0432\u0438\u0439, \u0437\u0430\u0441\u0442\u0430\u0432\u043b\u044f\u044e\u0442 \u043f\u043b\u0430\u0442\u0438\u0442\u044c \u0434\u0435\u043d\u044c\u0433\u0438 \u043d\u0430 \u043f\u0440\u043e\u043a\u0430\u0447\u043a\u0443 \u043a\u0430\u0440\u0442. A terrible selection of an opponent. The most terrible game of all games! I advise everyone not to downloa...Full Review", "Loved the game before the new update. Now I suffer in the game if I don't spend money. Your new update shows how money hungry you are. Charging for quests, more trade tokens for trades is ridiculous. Change back or you will lose a lot of free to play people because of your greed.", "Loser app. Money hungry app. They just a want money. Don't spend? Don't progress. That's what I can tell. And the oppenents I face are much better than me. Right now I'm in builders workshop. But guess what I face opponents with lumberjack mega knight and cards in other arenas. And our level doff is...Full Review", "honestly freeze is the cheapest card in the game and should be banned, dont know how it could even exist in this game, atleast put it reduced speed not cancel my towers and all my troops, not happy with this update where it now causes damage. i consider using this card cheating and should be banned....Full Review", "Why did you guys make the game worst by. Moving all the card that made sense in there arena to different one like I don't get this game any more?!?! CHANGE YOUR GAME SUPERCELL LIKE IT WAS ^__^.", "This game sucks only card ya need is hog so level up hog and your good just like a pro. anything else tops the charts and they kill the card.... game is a joke supercell is a joke they dont listen to anyone who is not a pro. so on telling ya dont spend the money to play this joke game ya max out a c...Full Review", "it's one huge hack. they let everyone hack it and customer service refuses to acknowledge it or crack down on it. No longer competitive or strategic. only way to win is to join the hackers with unlimited elixir. the hackers can even disable your moves while they continue their onslaught. I have seen...Full Review", "waste game facing bug issue from long back but still not able to resolve after update. main issue elixir will be utilized but the card used does not come into play. worst i have to say from the developer T.", "The Pay to Win features in this game are unlike other games, here users who splash big cash are given preferential treatment against players who don't pay. It is a disgusting business model and Supercell should be ashamed of themselves. The match fixing in this game is painfully obvious as is the sa...Full Review", "THIS IS A DEAD GAME, PLAY PUBG INSTEAD. I've played this game the longest and I've played lots of games. Clash Royale is a great game. Rather pushy with pestering for a review though. edit: added another star for replayability. edit: removed stars for constant balancing edit: couldnt give less stars...Full Review", "Terrible game, don't play it. It purposely matches you up against opponents who have counters to your cards if you go on a winning streak to give the enemy the upper hand. I have noticed this time and time again and there is no doubt in my mind this game is programmed to make you lose so you feel yo...Full Review", "This game is great but there is just 1 problem. The amount of gems needed to buy coins in the shop are overpriced in my opinion. If you could change the price of it i would rate 5 stars", "I have really enjoyed the changes that CR has brought to the game. The biggest issue I have now are about the trade tokens. For Clan Wars, it makes the most sense to level all your cards so you'll never be disadvantaged during war. For ladder the tokens are great, because you can focus specifically ...Full Review", "I love this game but it has some major issues. The biggest issue is definitely the deployable turrets. These turrets are major game changers that can attack you by mortar or machine gun fire and do way to much damage and also stay until they die. In my personal opinion they should be removed but I k...Full Review", "Turned into a pay to win model. All the good cards have now been moved to arena 11. All of us left to fend for ourselves get paired with nothing but 2-3 level higher opponents who have all the cards that were moved to arena 11... Seems fair. Not to mention all their card levels are 45% to 75% higher...Full Review", "Game is a rigged trash bucket. No skill or talent needed. Just your mom's credit card and the help of Supercell favoring you because you spent money \ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f This game is a well made garbage can. It just keeps getting filled with even more trash as time goes on. The challenges are rigged. They make you ...Full Review", "I love this game! I just hate that there are no consequences when a teammate leaves the match and you have to defend the towers alone and end up looking like an idiot. Please make it that players lose money or trophies if they quit a doubles match!!", "pretty good game play, still needs significant improvements. I've been playing well over 2 years and when issues such as a bug come up they won't do anything to help the user or give back to loyal players like myself. vest advice- find another game and dont use SuperCell", "Great game absolutely love it have been playing for a while now. But theres one big issue with servers though, it regularly takes at least 30 seconds to get into a match and by then ive lost. this needs to be fixed", "3 musketeers at 10 elixer? getting this card is like running a relay except your anchor has a broken leg. AWFUL AWFUL AWFUL. getting 3 musk in any game mode in which you dont ask for the card (draft, classic, etc) will warrant you a loss every time. what happened SC? from 5 stars to 1 for the first ...Full Review", "Well. really upset me with todays mini collection tournament as the opponents had cards that i couldnt choose so i lost all matches on purpose. i am now just going to lose my way to the bottom. Great game. Crappy also.", "This game is the most frustrating game I have ever played guys pls do not install you will regret it! Btw I got 6 princesses out of all the other legendaries that I could get! Not only that but it gets to the point where u ask ur self like how does my opponent get more elixir than I do and it is jus...Full Review", "Played about 2~3 years and Im now 4600 trophies. This is the ONLY game that I don't delete. Perfect graphic and gameplay. The only I hate is idiot teammates that quit the match or not responding during 2v2 battle. That's it. Keep up the good job!", "I don't think I've ever played a worse game. Might be the most unbalanced game EVER created. There's simply no fairness in this game, either you stomp or you get stomped. I wish I could give this less than 1 star because it doesn't even deserve that.", "cheating is a real problem in this game. people put out 4 or 5 creatures that cost 5 elixir at once when MAX elixir is 10 at one time. there really needs to be a report user button. it really runs an otherwise quite enjoyable game", "LOL. Pay to win. Play to lose. If you're going to try to ride it out for free, you're in for a rough one. Matches are generated based on money spent, temporarily rewarding you with easy matches, but making it harder as you spend your gems. Ultimate youth obsession money grab.", "thanks your mum and the rest of your own home. the only thing I have to be a little more. the other hand, but I don't think that I am a 5.5, and then I can do to get the best. I am not sure if it is not an intended recipient. any ideas. I am a beautiful person . I have a great day and age of the mos...Full Review", "It is impossible to win at this game. it forces you to pay to win. it is impossible to win the stupid draft challenges. in regular gameplay, you can get to a certain arena and then you keep losing and drop back down. this whole game stinks. please make it more fair.", "the creators have set the game in a way tgat if u dont pay u have a disadvantage in the fights. examples are: i) other player starts before u although the hgame should start at the same time. ii) internet lags even if u have perfect internet. iii) if u count elixir u ll notice that the other player ...Full Review", "Im about done with this game. Ive put in years of time on this, but no money. If you are a free to play account, you're pretty screwed against guys who have maxed their stuff out but fight in your league. It's cheating to me. I have a clan of 20 people. 2 separate accounts. And I am done with how ho...Full Review", "Great Game for Sore Winners. This game started out great and used to be addictive due to its competitive gameplay with new game modes that were being released at the time which encouraged team collaboration through 2v2 matches and tournaments. However, since then it has become a game that makes mone...Full Review", "You will get to a point where you will have to spend money to progress. In order to complete at a high level you must have a maxed deck, in order to do that you have to spend hundreds or years on this game. Now with their monthly updates 1 maxed deck will not do it, you have to have multiple cards m...Full Review", "Fun game but it is designed heavily around micro transactions and their special events suffer from poor balance. A large number of the cards feel underpowered as well. Supercell is a pretty awful company though so I'm not surprised by any of this.", "As soon as the new update came there were really good game ideas.... but my clan is now filled up with the trade token things i keep going against level 12s in 1vs1 battles and cant defeat them .. i am threatening to uninstall here", "All this and you can't add a rematch button. Their offers and gems are waaaaaaay over priced for what you get. one legendary card for like $5. which doesnt get you anything unless youre low level. money grubbing.", "this game lags so horribly bad i cant play it anymore. it worked fantastically until a few months ago now when i start a battle ......... 3 starred i dont even get a chance. none of my other games lag at all only this one. i dobt supercell cares at all because i dont buy gems. so I'm sure this falls...Full Review", "AMAZING GAME SO ADDICTING. JUST WANT 1 thing, I want to be able to hsve chat with other friends where you can send real messeges but just block out bad words please add this supercell it would be great to chat with friends!", "The game pretty cool.. But if you don't paid into this game.. So don't installed this game..so If you paid into this game, the results was full partiality mood with you some day,, some day not all day, you can understand very well after playing this game.. About #partiality \ud83d\udd25.. But love this becaus...Full Review", "Clash royale is the most addicting game on the planet. it takes time to get good but other than that it's amazing! you might spend money on the game if your desperate for gems but thats it. I rate 5 star. keep up the good work clash!!!", "Rating:Graet game for fighting to get top of the leaderboard. suggestions:I'm getting scams about hacks in my clan that I want to stop. Can you make a chat restrictions, where we type word or sentence that closely resembles in the chat and not let that be sent, and also a option for kick when the ga...Full Review", "The game right now has a very disgusting problem! Since some weeks ago, when entering to the first battle, the game lags a lot! Then, you enter the match but the enemy already destroyed you. On the other hand, each time the enemy drops a card, the game freezes a lot from 1 to even 6 seconds! Fix tha...Full Review", "previously I had given 5 stars but for the latest update its always getting crashed and lagging a lot even though there are no other apps running in background.. I have lost many battles because of app crash between games... please fix it", "The challenge things are absolute bs. so are wars. i keep getting put against people in challenger 1 or higher in both. im in builders workshop. twice my trophies i go against. you guys NEED to make going against people your own level an actual thing", "the app was really good. but as of late its been crashing and force closing right as a battle starts. losing hundreds of trophies and war day battles. about to uninstall if its not fixed!", "Playing Clach Royale to get fun for who love Strategy games . But finally, can't get mimimum a step forward for 2 month ! I see , after the last update , the fun of this game was reduced. when a few winings , i loose the new progress immediately because of the illegality betwen opp lvls .This situat...Full Review", "DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME!!!! MATCHMAKING IS RIGGED Supercell are the money hungriest most manipulative company. They keep changing the game so you have to pay. Grinding doesn't work because they'll eventually change the game again. Fun game if you just play for a few hours then start over so you don't ...Full Review", "i give it a 3. it was a 5 star game but it keeps booting me out in the middle of live matches. ive played this game for a few years now. so i keep it. however....im about to drop it if the problem isnt resolved soon. support told me its do to a lack of space on my phone. i have removed and cleaned o...Full Review", "Fun game but it would be a lot better if they would allow people to report players that troll on 2v2 matches and intentionally do nothing so both players lose the match. Would also do some good if they had a penalty for leaving matches. I understand that people get disconnected sometimes but when pl...Full Review", "what did you do with freeze come on supercell \ud83d\ude25\ud83d\udc94 it's not fair I play this game from a long time I am using and developing freeze on my main deck but u ruined it.. what I will do with 4 seconds of freeze and a slight damage.. don't ruin the game please", "I have had to leave games and it randomly subtracts 30 trophies from me. it is unfair and completely uncalled for. Also I've been getting ads in the middle of games and it has cost me matches.", "fun, sometimes. not fun when you play against the mega knight. card is ridiculous and overpowered. easilynthr most broken card in the game. needs a fix, real bad. too much health. high area damage. jumps... high single target damage... crazy card..", "Supercell doesn't care about balancing the game... just making sure they make money. The same card is used by everyone till they nerf it and then you have to pay to level up that next card", "As if Clash of Clans wasn't enough.. lol. I really only have good things to say about this game, I mean Supercell really stepped it up with this game if you ask me. (Warning: this game is highly addictive, it will make hours seem like minutes at times)\ud83d\ude02", "DO NOT DOWNLOAD! I have experienced what it's like to be a useless pawn. Whoever you fight is ALWAYS better than you, you will have to pay for gems and chests in order to get the upper hand. It may seem fun, but you are opening yourself up to a dark future where you are beaten to a pulp, bullied, an...Full Review", "GETS SOO DAMN HARD TO MOVE FUTHER AT KING LVL 10! I soo much love this game but just to retain the players you need not get them struck at certain levels for lasting long! MAKE IT MORE SATISFYING TO THE USERS!!!!! THAN RUNNING THE BUSINESS!!!", "This game is great however falls all too stale facing the same winning deck made from the cheapest current cards per update. Its HUGE on pay to win which sucks considering the game becomes less fun. Its obvious that supercell cares more about money than the game. competitive pairing is based ONLY on...Full Review", "TBH, this is a great game. I have been playing almost 3 years. Things I'd like to see changed or added are, a pop up for when your opponent leaves a match early. The ability to trade gold or gems. Better opponent matching. The frustration level of the game is a 9/10. It is all about money. Spend = w...Full Review", "Been playing 2 1/2 years! Its addictive as fk. Personally i love the emotes ,brings extra banter when playing. Need another game mode.ladder is a bore. Ive no doubt when youre smashing it you get paired with decks that counter your strat . Sickle cell its making cash from those pay to win chumps, do...Full Review", "all supercell games are terrible because when you get to a high level you cannot win making it very frusturating. also the mini pekka emote thing was way to rigged, cut some slack. you will get matched up with people that are better than you even though they say that they are fair about who they mat...Full Review", "if you happen to start doing well and not change your deck cards the game will automatically put you against people its impossible to beat, had a guy look into the code and he confirmed it. No winning possible past a certain point, game is programmed to hold you back, piss poor idea on the programmi...Full Review", "getting tired the game is ok. better than other ones out there. but seriously it's really annoying when the characters lag after being selected and put in the arena. I'm talking about the right amount of elixir and putting the character in the arena. I'm tired if selecting the character and never dr...Full Review", "I would give this game five stars except there is really no point playing at higher levels unless you use the highly overpowered hog rider. If you have to make your deck based on defending against one particular card, then I say that card should be adjusted. please adjust hog rider. It should either...Full Review", "This game is absolute garbage. The servers always lag, and it gives me the loss if suddenly it quits to the home page. It's not only me. I notice that my teammates freeze, too. This is not the only problem, so the least you can do is fix the servers.", "I like the game cause its good but now everybody that downloads the game in training camp they get a LEVEL 9 WALL BREAKER and do you know how long it takes to get that normaly! A long time! You should still download and play it. Its still a good game.", "It's fun but progression is slow unless you sink a lot of money into the game. There's also some glitches that have been going on since the beginning of the game that they haven't fixed yet. Their excuse is that they just have a small development team.", "Every thing is realy amazing this game. The only problem I have about this game is when you get kicked out of a match. This just happened today when Got kicked from the mini PAKKE event and had to waste 40 gems because this kept happening but overall great game.", "What is wrong with this game Yesterday it was working well but today this game is not even loading. This game sucks. I would like to say that super cell please fix this bug", "it's alright, but lags sometimes for no apparent reason. Also it would be cool, for when a battle-mate leaves you dring 2v2, if your elixir rate of production would double to allow you to remain competitive.", "games balance is really bad once you get to level 9. it pits you against level 11/12 with similar trophy count. seems to me it should be more towards king level not trophy based. looks like the higher level players level up their deck pieces then hover lower in trophy ranking to play lesser opponent...Full Review", "PARENTS BEWARE!!! SUPERCELL IS A BAD \ud83d\udca9JOKE! OVER 81.10 MB to do THIS: \"2.6.1 \u2022 Various minor bug fixes and improvements\" WTH STUPIDcell! Forced updates! They shouldn't be HUGE fir MINOR fixes! Think you're forcing us to ONLY play your games->THINK AGAIN!! CASTLE CLASH IS FAR BETTER!! Stupidcell=fre...Full Review", "this is a pay to win game that is designed for you to lose. 80% of the time you WILL be faced with some some that is high level to you, for this so called \"fair game\". also they will delete bad comments. so I will wonder how long this one will last.", "amazing game! good online stuff.. BUT ALOT OF TIMES NOW, when loading the game it gets stuck at 50% and I can't do ANYTHING not my wifi, not my phone, not my connection. This AND brawl stars does this now", "May I know what is happening? Why I'm keep on crash on the game & forced shut down. Currently using Xiaomi mi6 phone miui 10.2, Android 8", "Worst support I ever encountered! The game is nice and good for breaks, but my support ticket was closed 4 times without ever replying to me properly. The last time it was closed was because I should've chosen a different topic. I really like the game, but this type of support is dreadful.", "I remember playing this game and I would have loved to revisit it, but the thing wont play! The preformance is horrible I can't even navigate through the menu.", "??Why are all Characters smiling, although it is a WarSimulation?? i will nit keep playing this Game. It is a Waste of Time. Stupid WarSimulation. i am going to more, increase my Focus on more real Simulations like PlanSpiel B\u00f6rse or Evoke.", "needs a revamp somehow. too many cards that u dont get a chance to master because the meta changes constantly. i do love it but without chucking money at it the new or average player will struggle to really fall in love with it.... shame. x and it glitches too often. keeps lagging!!!", "was a amazing 5 star game but they changed it so much. I am lvl 7 playing 10 and 11 with lvl 12 card, so stupid. Fix your F*#$&ing game supercell", "This game USED to be fun, but then SuperCell figured out that people will pay money to win. So, get ready to drop the big time dough on this pay to win scam. Want one of their emotes? Well thats going to cost you. Want rewards you won in their tournament? Well thats gonna cost you. This is more of a...Full Review", "By far my favorite game. At first the gameplay doesn't seem that hard but once you start to process and learn, the game takes on a whole new shape. I like games like this where you can play for years and still be learning new things and not even be close to the skill ceiling", "this game freezes so much kicks you out so often it's unplayable. you can't go through any type of credible special event that they have because it lags and completely kicks you off the game. your stats will never be correct because the game disconnects. I liked it at first and even spent money on i...Full Review", "good game. but would like to share the secret in this game. this game is all about timing. prefixed by the developer for getting the characters. some times they fix different time for both players for getting germs. nobody can win continuously 5 games in a flow.", "I hate draft challenges. it's the worst possible gamemode. you either get the worst deck or op deck. no in between its such an imbalance gameplay", "To me game is slightly unbalanced, not saying its not a good game, I enjoy it but there could be a better opponent system. By placing players against players who have the same castle level, because many people I encounter have a level 9 or 10 castle and level 9-11 units, no matter if I do a unit cou...Full Review", "This game is worst at match making. They don't even know whom they are matching. Out of 100 , 90 times I get an opponent higher then me. Problem is not their cards level but their tower level . i need a extra push to destroy it of which the opponenet easily take advamtage. U can take this into consi...Full Review", "I used to love this game. I spent a ton of money and over a year upgrading a 3 musketeers deck. Then they updated and made my deck USELESS. Why would I spend another dollar on a game that will make everything I've spent, time and money disappear? Of course they never nerf the most played (and boring...Full Review", "The matchmaking system is completely unbalanced. They actively match you with opponents that counter your cards to try to make you spend real money. Free to play players will find a hard ceiling after a short time.", "I though I was the best game ever but it make me mad so much every unit got counter and it suck boo game it suck so bad. pls had so bad at the event it suck. pls destroy your game and put in the fire", "This is now my my second time posting as my first one was deleted by Supecell. Essentially fun game but if you have any issues or glitches, the customer service team will not help you out. Currently have sent 15 messages to customer service only to have then conversation closed without response. Pre...Full Review", "Very challenging and exciting! One thing I dislike is the fact you change the cards to other arenas last 2 years ago. All in all, its a fun game! \ud83d\ude00", "spent more than 2 years playing on multiple accounts. waisted time. they did a \"balance\" update and in one day ruined most of my decks. I maxed out 3 cards and they killed 2 of them and another one I was working on. all in one day they killed what I worked so hard to upgrade. took a long time. but o...Full Review", "I would rate this game a 4/5 but since the last update I've almost been unable to play. most battles I go into I get a really bad lag where I can't play any card at all and then next second I see 3 cards at my tower that I cannot save. it's also been doing this weird thing where for example my princ...Full Review", "You pair people with weaker cards against higher level cardholders. Takes the fun out of the game. I deleted it in high hopes that you would rectify the problem by now but still no fixing. Get it together guys.", "Too fun. If you are crying about balance updates that just means you were using OP cards and probably have no actual skill. Good riddance. If you are crying about not getting legendary cards then you are missing the concept - they are legendary for a reason and that reason is because they are so rar...Full Review", "i love the game but after 3 days of having the game it now wont let me in the game anymore.all i get now trying to get in the can is its not responding and all it says i can do is report or press ok.so please can you guys fix it.i will change back to a five star review i only changed it to 1 star so...Full Review", "this game has an issue with giving people the worst balancing in two v twos and then the tounaments are an issue with balancing because youre never able to get the last prize because someone thats playing th tournament for the first time wins. maybe you should work on that supercell this game is not...Full Review", "The worst game ever... Supercell is the worst company of all time... Especially in the draft it gives you always the worst cards and your opponents have always better cards than you... Also in the tournament is very easy to lose because it puts you always with someone who has higher levels... I am c...Full Review", "I keep on battling people  3 lvls ahead of me and its getting annoying I cant win one against higher lvls other than that I love the game", "Like others have stated, it's pay to win. If you don't spend money, it will pair you against people much better off. Waste of time. with that being said, I love this game", "I joined back when what is currently arena 7 was legendary arena... Ahh, the good old days. This is always a good game to go back to after a long day. My only suggestion would be to add a global chat, kinda like Clash of Clans (Another good game in case you didn't know). Overall it's a really great ...Full Review", "This game is fabulous . I get addicted whenever l play it . Its awesome there are amazing cards and this is the most addicting game l have ever played. It has pv2 option and l like that thing in this game. It has amazing events. There are awesome legendary cards. The cards are awesome. The tournamen...Full Review", "gane was great.. becoming money hungry or lose, if you dont have a trade token you cant trade someone requesting.. comeon theyre already almost spend to collect and i play/played daily.. youre losing faithful players.", "Moderators/Devs don't follow there Terms of Service, and don't fix bugs. This game has very slow F2P Progression, its no where near as fast as clash of clans. The deals are most 3x, 4x, trash. Tournments and events are nearly impossible to beat unless you empty your wallet. F2P Players are just out ...Full Review", "Firstly, this is my favorite phone game. Very addictive, and really fun to play. My problem with it is that the thing keeps force closing on me. I have a Pixel 2 XL, so I know it can handle the game and much more. It's a critical failure for an online multiplayer game that works off of precise timin...Full Review", "This is a good time killer. Good graphics. Some strategy. Sadly, this is a pay to win game. also the challenges make no sense. they are always draft which takes 0 skill. i can get 8-12 wins in a classic challenge consistently but draft challenges? ive gotten 12 wins and 0 wins. they are not skill or...Full Review", "Terrible waste of time and money. A abhorrent cash grab with the most toxic player base in existence. I cannot express how much regret I feel for ever starting this game.", "Great game if you love a challenge.. awesome graphics and fast gameplay. Very addicting!! Ive played every day since installing it.. cant put it down, it a lot of fun to be constantly beat by rich kids who buy their wins, Supercell must be making a fortune because the pay to wins are basically the o...Full Review", "Pay to win game. I'm ok with the concept to make money, but continually losing to maxed out accounts makes you wonder where fair play happens. Competition should be more balanced, instead of having to pay for tournaments to get an even playing field.", "prety fun.. some childist people run before end of battle. .. fun breaker stupid selfish unskilled and they will g8et no any of punishment, what can i do? no, what will u do then. . letting some people just stop playin or what?", "game was good, it they cater to the weak. in war battles the higher power is given a disadvantage. lower tiered opponents have a greater advantage. No matter your skill level good luck. they ruined the game.", "Before playing this game I was a normie. Always going out with the boys drinking, clubs and hitting on women. Now I have anger issues because ladder is thrash with lvl 10-13 king towers and all lvl 13 cards on them too. I dont go out anymore, became reclusive got addicted to anime and now a failure....Full Review", "Based on a pay-to-play concept. Brand new players can become very competitive at a low level if they're willing to pay and can level up extremely fast which leaves us non pay-to-play players at a huge disadvantage. a lot of cheating goes on. match maker system sucks puts a level 7 play up against le...Full Review", "This game sucks get rid of spawners until then 1 star get rid of mega knight oh yeah mini pekka doing 900 damage per hit 3 hitting my tower here is what to do mega knight - 300 drop damage get rid of spawners and Nerf mini pekka to 500 damage per shot also pay to win and balloon doing 1300 dps and m...Full Review", "been playing for 3 years. all of my friends as well... they started because of me. i have no words to describe this game. supposed to be minimum 5 star. there are constantly new ideas and features in the game", "this is the most frustrating game ever.....they match you up against players who are 1, 2, or even 3 lvls higher than you making it nearly impossible to win....MATCH US AT THE SAME LEVEL!!!!!! P.S. To the ones that spend hundreds to thousands of dollars on this game...you guys are worthless bums who...Full Review", "Supercell makes cool characters. But every one of their games makes you want to throw your phone against the wall. Only play their games of you hate your phone and want to buy a new one after you break it. Then don't install on the new phone.", "Samsung s8+ after update forces full screen. Looks like garbage and screen cuts off after update. 2/17 - everything is fixed and runs beautifully. definetly a must have game!", "Update: I still get matched up with players who have troops much higher in level, as well as troops that are leagues ahead of mine. please fix the matchmaking, its this kind of bull**** that made me quit this game for the first time. Edit: I also find it hilarious (sarcasm intended) that when the ga...Full Review", "This game is rigged especially tornament my opponents are always cheaters who cheat via fast elixir/beef-up dmg cheat. i think it deliberate scam from Supercell so you'll be force to buy upgrade for ur cards so you'll have a chance defeating a cheating players.So stop wasting ur money or better yet ...Full Review", "good game! only thing i think is bad is not a even matche in tournaments. you play against others with 2x the cards level not fair.", "it can get old doing the same modes over and over but, a good game i think if they added a new standerd mode it would make it a lot better. also not free to play at all but still a good game that i would recommend.", "I think you should make a new game,it would be called Clash Sports.You take all the characters from Clash of Clans and Clash Royale and put them in a sporting game.Each charachter has a special ability.Plz accept this request seriously. Sincerely, The Network", "Can be addictive but has to be the worst game for connection problems. I've lost count the amount of times I've been disconnected as apposed to other games I've played. They really should sort out the emojis which is basically supports online bullying. Even with the mute button which in my opinion i...Full Review", "This game is total bullcrap. Without spending massive amounts of money or time, you get nowhere. War is rigged to make you lose, matchmaking?? What is matchmaking? This game has none. Oh and tournaments? they are even more rigged than even war (which is ridiculously pathetic). To the devs, go kys.", "Yes the game is extremely addictive. However, once you get to around level 8 or 9 you will begin to realize that the only way to beat certain people and win atleast 3 games in a row. You have to through tons of money at this application just to try and stay on top. If you dare beat 4 people in a row...Full Review", "New cards come out are either OP or completely terrible and pointless. Fun game overall still dont get how some cards always are easy to use have high win rates and still dont get a nerf... but oh well still a fun game", "In Game Customer Support is Garbage. I get Directed to an Auto Reply Bot. Can't Even Talk To An Actual Human That Might Understand The Problems.Really unacceptable from a Billion Dollar Company Like Supercell.\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21", "most of the people are pay to win and its pretty annoying because it outweighs skill so to beat the games u gotta pay for chest which is greedy but supercell doesnt listen its just like Activision or EA", "Good for normal battles. Great at the time of collection day. But the match making is too unfair at the time of clan war. Lower level players get higher level opponents with upgraded cards and towers. Supercell please fix this.", "They like your money! Unbelievable amount of hackers and bugs. Clan wars are terrible. For a game based around equality, you sure missed your mark. Bring back some form of clan chest and fix your game so I can fix my review.", "Awesome game, however I'm over being crown lvl 9 and being paired again lvl 10s, 11s and 12s. That is a good 3 - 12 months ahead of what I've been playing and frankly, it's near impossible to beat somebody who's a higher rank, nevermind 3 levels. Fix the game matching system to be fairer and I'd hav...Full Review", "Lovely game, collect cards and compete against others. Game is balanced well with strategy being a key component and learning placements and card interactions. However high ladder/ clan wars are stale as even with new cards being introduced, there are only so many decks people can make that work or ...Full Review", "New update has made the elixers loading very slow by which it makes to play very hard. Also when it is in 2\u00d7 speed for elixers then it make me feel like it work in 1\u00d7 speed. Please try to fix this asap.", "theres just way to many people who have Elixer hacks [ unlimited] nobodys going to tell me differant. dudes dropping 7. than a 5. than 5. than a7 right after each other with no time to generate. bo chit i say! FIX IT!! MAYBE GIVE THE OTHER UNLIMITED. OR JUST KICK THEM FOR EVER! BUT I'M SURE THEY SPE...Full Review", "Game is very challenging. But I have lost so many times only because of network issue.", "bad match making and give people infinite elixir thanks supercell its a very bad game and i still to this day i keep going up against player who are levels above me and screw this game", "This game lags so much that every time I open it I feel like throwing away my phone. I wonder why only this game lags besides of all other games of supercell like clash of clans,boom beach,etc which work perfectly. If you can fix this problem supercell I would give it a 5 star.", "Game that can make a person, who is depressed , feel even more useless. There will be a time in game where u feel like either smashing your head or the phone to the wall. Well, still u cant do away with the game because every time u loose u give yourself another chance and suddenly u get a win strea...Full Review", "im mad!! every time mega knight comes out from the other side my games freezes. i updated the game and nothing changes.", "this game is absolutely fantastic! please get it!!! its soooo much fun I love it! its WAY laggy though. I have to reenter the game during battles all the time and i lose because of it when that happens.", "Clash royal is best online game. But we the players, most of the time face lag because the game need too much data . Also it uses huge amount of ram. Please do something so that the lag can be reduced", "When it sees that your loosing matches it pairs you up with more difficult people. I dont like this game much. IT SUCKS but sometimes it really is good .", "PLEASE FOR ALL NEW USER, DONT INSTALL THIS APPS AND ANY FROM SUPERCELL. THEM JUST WANT YOU TO SPEND MONEY INTO THEM. I WRITE THIS JUST BECAUSE DONT WANT OTHERS EXPERIENCED WHAT HAVE I BEEN THROUGH. THEY JUST CREATE THIS AND PUT SO LOT INTO ANY EVENT THEY CREATE JUST TO ATTRACT PEOPLE INSTEAD NOTHING...Full Review", "honestly the game is good but the update screwed with the game. it is now mandatory to spend money and if you want to play the challenges too bad because even though the cards are the same level ill go agianst someone who has more than a thousand trophies then i do. to conclude this incredibly long ...Full Review", "Since they allowed muting of taunts, the game can be played without having to experience the poor sportsmanship. Very fun, but can be very frustrating as well. Definitely an advantage to those willing to spend money.", "I love this game, its addicting fun, keeps you busy when your bored, multiplayer Trust me this game will get you mad sometimes I mean REALLY MAD! I've cracked 2 previous phones because of this game. what gets me so mad about this game is how the strategy part of the game is lost, when they face you ...Full Review", "There is a lot of cheaters playing this game... People who has infinite elixir... it should be solved!! O jogo \u00e9 muito bom, mas tinha que resolver esse lance dos desonestos. Como a pessoa consegue colocar as 3 mosqueteiras que consomem 9 de elixir e j\u00e1 na sequ\u00eancia colocar os b\u00e1rbaros de elite que c...Full Review", "I am really disappointed as to how much this game has changed. It crashes during tournament game play. Some of the updates are neat but the elixir recharge has slowed down significantly. I hope in the future that can be changed.", "Absolutely elitist and a shell of a game. It's absurd that only the try-hards are listened to and get their asses kisses by these poor developers, whilst anybody who isn't considered as a 'pro' is completely ignored. Evidence of this is that there are these so-called 'Star Powers' that only maxed-ou...Full Review", "A practice mode vs AI with different difficulties would be neat, so we don't have to practice in 2v2 or use our gems in challenges. Give us the ability to make a deck&adjust card lvls for the AI to use so we can practice against it (would be good if your ladder decks are struggling against a certain...Full Review", "I absolutely love it this game but I've been waiting ages for a legendary! They could make them a little more easier to get also when in a tournament you get notifications every 2 minutes telling you to play which is ridiculous!", "if you added an option where we could report if we lost connection during a war battle and be given another chance ill change my rating. also some of the new skins should be better . some of them are really dissapointing . MAKE THE PEKKA GOLD !!!!", "This game is great, lots of fun and you don't get bored easily. Lots of cards and very customizable. But there are a few problems: 1. When you are supposed to enter your name I could enter it, but when I tried to press ok it just glitched and stopped. 2. This game hardly ever allows me to play for m...Full Review", "Bad game! System controlling the game. It control you win or lose! Not suggesting this game don't download. Delete this game now\uff01#clash royal I hope this things can do it better \ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude21!", "I have played this game for 3 years now in have been addicted ever since the 1st day I downloaded it. I highly recommend if you like strategy in tower defense", "Big issues with the game Tablet players be warn Mid way in my game my tablet or game decided \"hmmm let's screw up ur day\" I was frantically tapping my tablet to spawn in troop but it wasn't working and I lost my match....my advice to you is DON'T GET THIS GAME", "great game, but I've lost my account (on which i spend a lot of money on) so when i downloaded again i had to start from the beginning... it's a fun game so i don't want to discourage you from playing but don't invest too much in it because it's really easy to lose an account and after you'll be for...Full Review", "It is a very fun and interesting game you do get a lot of fun action in it I love Clash Royale and thanks supercell for making it. how old is any age can play it cuz it's not horror or anything like that it's like cartoon killing so I love it", "Worst matchmaking! Allways getting players 2 level above me and who have all maxed out cards.fix this.", "you realy need to sort this game out unfair matches and i lot of card need i nerf if you dont i realy will stop play supercell games and play other games sort it out now", "This game is clearly Pay2Win game. Game is fun and probably addictive but it will force you to pay to get certain benefits. New players who are f2p will have it the hardest as they will regularly matched against players who are 2-3 levels higher with multiple better cards which new f2p players dont ...Full Review", "Supercell can you please fix the spectator for touch down because when I try to watch my teammate match it force close my clash royale game", "I am done with this game. If you want to play a rigged game then this is it. Nothing like playing somethings filled with cheating. The developer seem to not care.", "It's addictive and a fast paced game with a clan chat more lively than clash of clans. I highly recommend this game.This was before the updates and i crash half way through every match.", "Most unfair game I have ever played. 98% of your battles are unfair and your out matched. Once the game realizes what decks you lose to it will repeatedly put you up against the same deck. (Money troll)...The creators who make and create algorithms for this game make me sick. Everybody copies youtub...Full Review", "Needs to be updated. The play balance is terrible and the games are never updated. You will be given opponents you can not beat, how is that fun?", "I'VE BEEN PLAYING THIS GAME OVER 3 YEARS, AND LEMME TELL YOU THAT I'VE YET TO MAX OUT ALL MY CARDS ON MY MAIN DECK. SO IF YOU AIN'T TRYING TO SPEND ANY MONEY ON THIS GAME, IT AIN'T FOR YOU. THEY DO MONTHLY UPDATES TO UNBALANCE YOUR DECK AND FORCE YOU TO SPED $ ON CARDS. PLAY TO WIN EXCLUSIVELY. ALSO...Full Review", "Fun until you are constantly fighting people 2 levels higher then you. Then it's basically a one sided game. Will be uninstalled.", "the game is a 1/10 game In my opinion for so many reasons that I would have to write a paragraph but I'm not willing to do that because no one's gonna read it", "i love this game but the new update on levels makes things too complicated. will give 5 stars if there is an option to choose between which level view you prefer to see", "This game was good once, slow steady decline. Unbalanced gameplay and a ridiculous advantage to those who pay to play.", "Liking it so far,the only thing that I will say is that the chest opening is whacked time too long,of course you can spend money in order to be able to progress. Unless you pay to open chest play time is limited to 4-8 rounds of play depending on your wins vs losses...", "This is by far the most addicting game I've been playing it for years but for some reason the game always glitches right at the end of my battle I've lost tons of trophies over this. What it does is exits out the game right at the end and I loose. it's really irritating fix your game", "ive had this gane for a year so ill give it 4 stars, but in trying to find a way to play it for about 3 months but it says that theres a problem and i cant play it! i dont want to delete it and re install it because ill loose all of my data! i dont know what to do :(", "The game is fun and good for killing time, but I also wanted an emote so I spent a little money and the game took my money loaded for a bit and then never gave me the emote, chest, and gold. (This was with the new mini pekka deals idk about any previous ones)", "amazing game with great gameplay and good troops, one of the best games out there. sadly, for me it is EXTREMELY laggy, to the point where i cant battle. :(", "Worst update...ever... now game hangs like crazy. f##k u.. after 3 game mobile screen freezes every time..lost the tournament because of that.....even pubg is more smooth than this...stupid star power that is nothing but gold glittering... developers are high on weed", "You can make it free if you want to! Some people have complained that this is pay-to-win, but it is simply not true. It is true that you don't really start playing the game until you reach King level 8, and that can seem like a maddeningly long time if you only accept the free items. Paying your way...Full Review", "Pretty good game, nice mechanics. On problem is that the game gets massively pay to win once you reach arena 9 unless you are extrememly good.", "I changed my mind... this game is better than before. Keep it up. Instead of making it six or twelve wins to win an emote wins make it three wins to win it", "Way too \"odd\" that some players can produce an insane number of cards based on elixer speed. How does a player drop 4 or 5 cards that take at least 5 elixer... doesn't seem reasonable.", "Really fix your game supercell it lags when my signal is good. Sometimes I really feel like deleting this game. Another thing is that this game is for pay to win players.", "i made a review and somehow it got deleted. absolutely stale game same decks no need for actual skill and literally has the sane old mechanics just has turned into like all the other games with mini transactions at the forefront.", "they should fix the level of people u fight. its a nice game but im level 5and i fight level 6 people who have epic cards st level 8when mine is level 6", "Can you for Lords sake DECREASE THE lowest volume of the game? I'm having my media volume at absolute minimum and the sound of the game is just screaming through walls! Its unbearable to play at night. It has gotten even louder with the new android pie! My roommate won't be able to sleep if I play a...Full Review", "loved it since it came out but honestly when people play 2v2 and teammate leaves the match, clash should give the lone guy the chance to win by increasing the elixir for the lone ranger. its absolutely horse that a 1 vs 2 happens and people have to struggle when teamsmates just leave a match. please...Full Review", "In the latest emote challenge, I was beaten by a guy who already had won the emote. Please DO NOT let anyone reenter a challenge if they have already completed it. I am not going to spend stupid amounts of gems just to be trolled by some idiot has already won the challenge"], "Coloring & Learn": ["great app, but cannot pay for adfree app from Serbia", "super game", "nice game", "well done", "good app", "very good", "exelent", "Good", "love to color and your lines are thin to wide for accuracy! thanks very good", "the z is not working in alphabets section. my son was crying for it.", "\ud83d\udc1e\ud83d\udc3b\ud83d\udc24\ud83d\udc26\ud83d\udc33\ud83d\udc33\ud83d\udc37is is a jungle now in our humble abode of the family and i are you still interested with the balloons and your family in the balloons and your family Pinky promise you that you can set up", "my kid loves it very much", "itd be nice to download without having to buy these to get rid of commercial for things", "So far so good", "not easy to assess your concentration", "very simple and interactive plus work on landscape mode. thank you bro", "you dontget pait bukit", "there is too much ads", "It's very nice for kids", "good for my kiddo...", "\u0987\u099f \u09ab\u09ae th", "semoga lebih bagus", "too many Ads", "very good for little kids", "nice aap", "fun for toodlers", "great free app my son loves it!", "best app ever :)", "super leuk.", "gracie 291017", "fun for my 2 year old garandouhter", "good for kids", "very good with alot of varieties", "frt5555 72", "can't update, always error", "very useful for my kid", "I love it", "5 k.i5", "very good", "anisha", "koll", "super", "Good", "Good", "the baby loves it", "fun", "Cool=)", "awesome", "great", "good", "good", "nice", "love it", "loved it", "superb", "My kids love this app... I just hate that you have to pay to hide the adds otherwise it's great!", "my baby girl love this app", "my daughter love it....satisfied", "Wonderful app.", "\u0996\u09c1\u09ac \u09ad\u09be\u09b2\u09cb \u0997\u09c7\u09ae", "\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "super", "nice", "best one", "good", "exelent", "Too many ADs which go far beyond excessive. If you try to shift between drawings you may face 4-5 fullscreen ADs within 2 minutes. Also, the ads are designed to accidentally install apps by kids by having tiny close windows. Sure, we are there to supervise their drawing but this app requires you to ...Full Review", "Boring color bahr nikal jate h", "great fun for my 3 year old", "I can learn to colour from this app", "my 2 two year old nieces love the app", "my daughter loves it", "noting but i like it", "to many ads.", "great game", "Waaaaayyyy too many ads for my child to enjoy this. I had to click out of ads every other minute.", "good for my kid", "very good", "fantastic", "love it", "Benificial for Children..", "the best thing about this is its totally free and less ads! my lil girl loves this app its all in one!", "my son enjoyed lot.. nice app", "very good App, but lot of ADS", "good game, but could have a few more options", "Good game for kids\ud83d\ude0a", "super app for my sister", "nyc app fr kids", "great for kids", "my 4yrs old nephew loves it so much. it helps him to improve his coloring skill", "so good game for children", "Good for my 3yr old son to learn this app . This is great", "I think it was the best bedding", "Great fr my 2yrs son", "Thanks so much for the game! \ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a", "this game is so bad", "Very good", "amazing app for kids", "Good", "Good game but the app allows my toddler to exit it easily. It's more of a hassle than it's worth...", "Would have given it 5 stars but hate the Halloween colouring in collection . Such a shame.", "Just rite for my daughter", "My child very like", "That I colour and play on the drum", "Best game for my kids", "It's a awesome game", "Good aplication", "Nice for kids", "Ok", "Cool for kids", "Very good", "I downloaded this app to keep my friends children busy. They truly enjoy coloring in this app. I recommend that you purchase the ad-free version. If you choose not to your kids will be all over the internet", "User friendly and lots of fun creative games. I love it cuz it contains various games all in one so u don't have to get several apps. Good job", "Love this app my baby surely have a great time playing", "Its good for toodlers ,helps them learn new things", "This game is very nice I loved it", "My 6yr old loves this her fave is the fantasy page which turns her doodles into fireworks!! Pretty awesome!", "Perfect app to stimulate baby and improve hand eye coordination", "Super Nise well done", "too many adds.", "My 3 yr old loves it. Great app. Thnx :)", "I love you yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesssssssssssssssssssssssss", "plz...add fill color option", "My daughter likes", "Super game and my family", "Good but need improvenment", "Good game for kids", "It's awesome.", "It is very nice", "\u062d\u0644\u0648\u0647 \u0627\u0648\u064a", "Granddaughter loves it", "slow responsible", "Wow", "Wonderful", "waw", "Good", "I love the concept and the games are great. Getting to them is ridiculous. The games scroll by way to quickly. It makes selecting the one you want almost impossible for adults, let alone children. And the impact of the selections spinning past actually made me nauseas. Sorry Orange Studio, you misse...Full Review", "Hate the pop up ads my daughter can't just enjoy coloring", "This app is too good but it consume lots of baterry", "Unable to close app once u open", "you're is so nice and goodgame", "My 2 year old loves it", "It's good app", "Nice game for kids", "Nice and useful app..", "Simple and educational.", "So nice \ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude01", "My kid loves this", "Very nice apps", "it is so good app", "Fun game", "Lovely game", "I love it", "Awesome app", "Nice", "Good", "Best app", "While Coloring colour should not go out side the drawing outline.", "can I get this for iOS. Tried searching in App Store but no luck", "It is good for kids, but it has to many adds", "Our 2 year old loves it .", "Good game for drawing and learning what is it", "El que pida m\u00e1s est\u00e1 loco!!!!", "5my granddaughter loves it", "Add are too much", "My son loves it", "It good for children", "Nice app for children", "Mont like it", "Thanks again", "the joint you", "Good", "Fine", "Nice", "It is very nice game", "it is very good", "my son he like thes app.its fun and educated.", "My son loves this app big time!", "Just stop this game", "Fun!", "Super", "good", "Can the devs move the suggested apps to something a little more hidden? I don't want my child clicking it and being taken out of the app to go to the playstore. It's already suggesting another app from the creators when I already have that app too. Paid for both versions. This should be hidden for t...Full Review", "thats awesome app for my kid...i luv it..", "My son loved it! Best app \u2661", "I totally love this app.", "Intresting and joyful game for kids", "Good graphics easy to use", "It's so amazing", "Very nice\ud83d\udc4d", "Its amazing", "Colorful and happy", "Nice", "Nice app. Kudos to the creators of this helpful educational app.", "Good for pre schoolers....", "Very good variety for kids in one app", "Color", "Nice app", "Helpful", "Nice"], "Hill Climb Racing 2": ["good game", "Honestly, this is better than the original. The 'multiplayer' (which is actually online ghosts racing you) is entirely optional - Some of the areas from the last game return here, along with new ones. It has great graphics, actual races are a fun new take on something that was confusingly named in t...Full Review", "This is the best game ever! I love it, the powerups, the fact that you can play multiplayer. This game is addicting too. I can't stop playing it. Also, you can swich from muti to single player. I also love the fact that you can earn chests and you get fhe power ups and customization options fo the v...Full Review", "Dont play this game the developers are rip off merchants. We've spent all this time and money getting parts now you finally give us a scrap option just to make us wait even longer, we've already put the time and money to win them, we should get what we waited and paid back for free. Not to mention y...Full Review", "The game is good. But I have some suggestions: 1. Please reduce the number of ads, its understandable that we get an ad while opening a chest, but the \"time for a break\" is very annoying. 2. It would be nice if the overcharger also had a separate boost gauge. 3. The football event was very fun, woul...Full Review", "it is amazing and I have a amazing amount of fun with the game. the only problem is the pedals lock up and I lose races. And DON'T CHEAT because when I race against cheaters, it's no fun and it ruins the fun. but I like this game so much more than I like the first game. the cars are all very fast an...Full Review", "love this game play it all the time.... my biggest complaint is it is to Hard to score points for upgrades or they are. just to expensive... second thing is gas fill ups are always a concern when you get higher up in distance and you are distracted by that and not enjoying the challenge of the terra...Full Review", "Been playing for years and have all vehicles maxed out. ADS all over the place now after every second race. TERRIBLE matchmaking. New tracks are a mess, hit one obstacle you lose. Special events arent worth doing, especially with rampant cheating. Insanely difficult boss levels faster than max level...Full Review", "I got a good laugh at some reviews. I dont cheat, have no idea how to. I think the game is too easy. The special events are very easy to get 9 points every play if not 10. Yes my cars are Maxed out, I love the scrap option! If your cars are maxxed out, all i can tell say, you are to stupid to use th...Full Review", "great game, the only issue I'm having is the pedals lock up. I usually use both when playing but every once in a while it only allows me to use one or the other. other than that free to play is genuine. I have only bought 1 thing I think it was like 3 bucks, I really wanted a skin and wheel set. eas...Full Review", "Game is trash. Coins are a joke, just like the developers. Adventure mode is pathetic. FOOTBALL FIELDS DON'T HAVE HILLS YOU ILLITERATE MORONS. And why do all the vehicles automatically do wheelies just because we hit the gas? Your team is worthless.", "Good thing you can copite with other olayers. But its really hard to not to pay to winn. You need to play alot to gain in this game. And anoying things when you watch add to upgrade you modul of car for free. Game frezes up and you relog that part of car isnt upgraded. Happedn sometime 3 times in ar...Full Review", "As the price of vehicle upgrades increase, the upgrades themselves decrease. Doesn't make it seem worth it to max them out. That takes off 1 star and not being able to get diamonds with coins would be the other mark down. Especially when the cost of coins in diamonds is way overpriced. Got some good...Full Review", "-1 star for pushing too much ads. Its a time killer game but recently more like a ragegame. Almost all expensive vehicles are completely unusable from the start, and you have to spend at least the cost of the car to upgrade it to an acceptable level. Missions always require the vehicle you dont have...Full Review", "I love the game and I have 1 issue with it: sometimes while racing the pedals randomly lock up causing me to lose the race. It didn't cost me much to remove the ads and I have bought a skin pack but you dont need to spend real money to play and actually unlock things and level up, you just need time...Full Review", "I enjoyed the game up until i got to an advanced level then fir no apparant reason i was put back hours of playing time and lost experience points. I emailed twice with no reply to try and fix it. Obviousltly donylt care about customers only taking money!!!!!", "super diesel is my favorite except I can never win thrusters for it. also it doesn't get air control which would be nice cause flips are almost impossible yet I've gotten a few but never get credit for them \ud83d\ude13", "your new ad platform sucks. i switched phones and waited a few weeks b4 installing this, and had to restart from the beginning again (why hasn't anyone figured that out yet?) and now the new ad platform is terrible and ads are way too long and too frequent. game play is great but i won't continue pl...Full Review", "would love to see it without the in app purchasing and way less waiting on rewards... I know it's the way the scam works but as soon as i have to spend more money than I already do for my phone, I get totally turned away. game is great! and I loved the original.", "Great game but stuff gets extremely expensive later in the game with very little reward. Other than the daily chest nothing really pays worth while. and just recently the random bosses are far too overpowered making it extremely aggravating. sometimes it take several attempts to get past one.", "I've been playing this game for months now and it's been great. Since the new update there has been some bugs in the game. Some of the cars are blocked out and you can't see their figure so it's just black blocks replacing them. I am not able to get my daily sets of videos to get the three hour ches...Full Review", "This sequel is a step backwards. New features, such as the tip on how to correct your vehicle by slowing time is intrusive. The racing a cool additiona,l but don't make it a requirement to race a tournament in order to free play.", "free video gift on chests for racing are glitching and after watching the videos they're not opening the chests and glitching the window with the chest won't close. i have to shut app off multiple times and rewatch videos sometimes 4 times b4 i get my free upgrade or chest or whatever I'm clicking. ...Full Review", "It's good, but the scrapper is useless. make a scrap shop that u can buy parts that u don't own so it has some purpose. it's hard getting the ones you want, and the parts u get can only be fit on useless vehicles, or ones you don't even own and not even planning to buy. My formula is level 37 and no...Full Review", "this game is amazing. Me and my mother enjoy playing both hill climb raceing games and thay allow us to make jokes and bond together overall the games quality sky rockeded from last game becuse increse buddget. Also before i knew his name was Bill i called him Hill billie bob XD at least i knew his ...Full Review", "I'm pretty high up In the game and I'm real tired of the same 5 races being rotated. Not to mention, at a certian point you start making it impossible to beat the \"boss\". And I'm trying to figure out how all my cars are fully loaded and they can not win races anymore. this game is no longer fun. bee...Full Review", "what is up with the never ending junk in the boxes I very rarely get anything worth getting not even worth scrap. even the vip chest is a joke I get better stuff out of the free boxes. you people have this game rigged so you have to spend real money to get anything good", "It's a good game, but occasionally one of the pedals sticks. Fingersoft- This sticky pedal problem largely went away until about a week ago. I play on Android 8.1 on a zenphone device.", "I do really like this game alot but upgrades shouldn't cost so many coins....and unlike many others, i have actually spent money getting some of these upgrades because its impossible to keep up with other drivers... BUT I'm done and i refuse to spend anymore money on this. This is very frustrating ....Full Review", "Can you please create more tracks or take your tracks from the first game and put it on this one? there are better graphics and the way this one pans out. it's the best HCR I've ever played. Had this downloaded for 3 years now. almost got the dune buggy maxed (fastest vehicle imo)wins every race. Ra...Full Review", "Often unresponsive (1 GB RAM not enough?). Ads far too frequent. Farming coins for upgrades takes waaayyy too much time. All this takes the fun out of an otherwise good game. My advice: stick to this app's predecessor which is much better.", "unlike the original in all ways gone is the ability to buy cars as you gain money now you have to win online races against other users. so hope you all enjoy that or else you get to just keep on driving your starting car.", "This game used to be awesome but now I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. Listed below are some of the issues I encountered: 1) Too many Ads (after EVERY SINGLE MATCH). 2) Vehicle stats don't matter in so called PVP. 2) I would recommend this game to be transferred from the FREE library to the PAID si...Full Review", "It's time for us to go our separate ways. Fun game, good time waster, but it is hogging way too much of my phone's crucial memory. Other major complaint is the games reliance on connection. Nothing more frustrating than a.special timed event freezing up because you're just a tad bit too far from the...Full Review", "i dont want to drown in water everytime i want to play adventure mode. you should only be able to die/end in adventure mode by hitting your head/flipping over your car. not by drowning. especially when i have a car that is capable of making it out of the water. or at least put a timer on how long we...Full Review", "this used to be my favorite game. ever since the update it lags like crazy. too bad. gonna have to uninstall it. update: all i had to do was just block all the ads and it fixed the problem. \ud83d\udc4d", "I've lost so much Becuase of your stupid 'Maintenance Break'! Would highly recommend any other hill racing game to this", "great game that continues to upgrade. playing for a year at least and it still can distract my mind, even if for just a few minutes , to take me out of a loop mentally. Thanks for your professionalism", "boring, tedious and i don't know what the developers are thinking, online ghosts the biggest load of rubbish. The game is pretty much P2W, the online bit gets boring when your cars speed is throttled all the time.", "Been playing for over 2 years now and honestly it went from good to great. New content is always added like cars, tracks, various challenges and much more. Couple of glitches here and there but nothing to get upset about. BTW, people complaining that its pay to win are nobheads, haven't spent a cent...Full Review", "Nice game but the adds is really pissing me off and now everytime there are commercial adds I need to exit and then start the game again and again. u know its ok if u put some adds in boxes and free upgrade but that commercial adds?man u need to delete that thing!", "i do understand that you have to have ads for the free games, so i dont know why you got idiots raving about the ads, anywho, i like the simplicity of the game, collect coins to level up, or toy can buy them if you need or want, its really a game of patience, thats how it goes. I love it", "It's an OK game at best. it fakes multiplayer gameplay, and is pay to win. You can play to get things or just throw money at the game and go that way. The entertainment value is extremely minimal.", "grear fun but hard to progress, you need to be patient thru all the adverts for coins. i can't really understand if there are only 2 aspects to the game - races and adventure cos the menus are a bit dumb but its very addictive game", "Way too many ads it is a decent game up until you reach Legend 6 which is pretty much impossible to get past even with fully maxed out vehicles. Just when you think you are pretty far ahead your pedals jam up or the level boss gets a massive boost of speed and gets ahead of you. Clearly rigged", "Fun until you get up too the higher levels and cant beat the computer opponent required too advance too Divine. A maxed out ride and still cant beat it. Save your time. Play a better balanced game.", "After some levels it's almost impossible to go further. All my vehicles always goes on the back wheels and turns upside down. I thought it is going to be better...", "The game is great. It sometimes lag. But can you please add these vehicles:lowrider, big finger, hippie van, trophy truck, hot rod, super offroad, dragster, ambulance, police car, and fire truck", "Repeated privacy policy &terms ....why players lost what they won by repeating new terms of game ...that's cheating players.....less ads. will be much better", "Garbage. Yay cool... no. Wasted my time thinking I could put effort into this app, then halfway through the game decides, \"Oh, you have a new phone and full bars of high speed data? No more playing for you. Not even in the off hours when nearly all of the people in your town are asleep. Pay to win f...Full Review", "finished a couple of races in the bronzes then it just brings me back like I failed but i finished the race. any help would be appreciated because i put some time in trying over and over again. one star for now...", "This game has provided me with countless hours of mind numbing entertainment. They made me see the wisdom in becoming a VIP member so I got that going for me, which is nice. All in all I'd say go for it, it's pretty dope.", "I am playing this game for about 2 months and in the new chinese new year event . I am not able to play it. It is saying that this account is flagged for cheating but I have done nothing wrong. Please help me .", "If you like ads, this is the game for you. Even when you don't click on the ad, it takes you to Google play as if you did, gotta please those sponsors somehow, and what better way than lying about who clicked the effin ad", "I used to like it but the amount and length of the adverts is completely ridiculous. Do not bother unless you want a headache", "im Angry now your game broke my entire tablet almost terrible game and plus the games laggy your game does not let me play it freezes alot fix it all cuz I ain't happy", "Everything is rigged so you cant win everyone on events are fake and are always going to get a better score than you except maybe if you have the best car for that event maxed out but even then the chances are slim", "This game is excellent for the anniversary of the year and the first year of the year is a great game for you and your family is very important to us and we will be happy to help you out with any of the following items you may need to get some guidance on how to download hill climb 2 full hack versi...Full Review", "why is it not working after the new update?!! please fingersoft make this thing to work but i think i sved with google play games should i uninstall and get it back from google play games please answer immediately!.", "game score download now you can get a million money in this game or golden you can do whatever you want if you buy all the cars can do so much things you can race with other guys and stuff like that you can buy a lot of cars which are things which are 200 money some of them are some of them are not ...Full Review", "REALLY F$%@ing sick and tired of ALL the chests I open having nothing for the vehicle I'm working on. (sports car) The rocky road cup is BS. Every vehicle I use gets stuck along the course so I DNF and loose rank. Fix the Bulls#!+", "The core game is good and more fleshed out that the original. But the fact you can't play it offline (can't even load the game) means it's pointless for a commute.", "This is a very fun addicting game. Only issue was that my cars got deleted but kept my rank. I have no idea how maybe a glitch but overall a great game.", "The game is good, but there are suggestions for future updates: 1. Add new adventure maps: Moon, Savanna, Jungle, Nuclear Plant (or Factory) and Amusement Park (or Arena). 2. Make \"Multi Track\" (all maps in one track), and this was a good end to adding maps to the Adventure mode (there will be exact...Full Review", "hard to earn money, upgrade car, buy things... too expensive... but a very good game... my love one and I can play and have a race :-)", "unable to watch videos to upgrade after uninstalling and reinstalling. Would like to advance in the game but unable to because of the videos not working and it is not giving me the option to do the part where you drive to get the blue chest because it is requiring me to buy expensive cars to complet...Full Review", "Not bad for the first few weeks. Then it's gets way to hard and frustrating.", "Hill Climb Racing and Hill Climb Racing 2 have far exceeded my expectations...IM SO addicted to my games, I even upgraded my Android Smartphone to Tablet. Just to have a bigger sc reen for my Hill Climb games...Thank You", "Have been playing this game for years. Very biased. Once the software detects that you are winning,the car sonehow gets more sluggish,or opponents faster,and no matter how you drive,you loose. Frustrating. Uninstall.", "Adventure driving seems like a waste of time, apart from the daily tasks, as you hardly get any rewards. A fun, simple game for the rest", "i tried to download it 5 times but all the time it get downloaded 100% but starts from the 0% again i dont know if its the problem of google playstore or something it stolen about 400mb data. what should i say", "change the requirement of daily quest and weekly quest that need to complete with friends only. Not all of us want to spam a link on our friend list just to make them play the game I playing.", "Is it just me, or are ranked races rigged? when i was copper 2 i beat a legendary level racer, yet as a diamond 3 i have a very, very hard time beating even a copper 1.", "what happened? I agree to updated terms and conditions and I lost all my progress of almost two years? I can't go back to beginners speeds.", "I'm tired of advertising Every minute the ads come, two times in a row I'm tired, really Though it is a free program, yet many ads enough is enough now im going to uninstall, forever", "I love the game but the other day after whatever special thing for a short time it told me I got whatever place out of everyone who played the game and told me I got 1,000 diamonds or whatever they are along with some other things but I definitely didn't get 1,000 diamonds if any.", "when you watch the video for free upgrades and stuff they stop playing 3/4 of the way through, lock up the game and you never get the free stuff", "Too many ads, tired of it, so that i can't give 5 star. But its a fun and addictive game. Easy to play \ud83d\ude09", "i have been playing this game for about 2 years if that tell anyone anything. when the best aspects about this game is how they're always updating with new tracks and rims and color schemes and costumes for your characters big keep alive by doing that.", "today is not f chinese new year!!!!! today is officially lunar's new year!!!!! what a f ignorant. many asian country celebrate lunar's new year!!!! not only chinese!!!", "wifi connection problem now... my game never getting wifi connection otherwise all apps and games working fine with same wifi.. I have uninstalled and now again install it but the issue is not solve...", "on challenges you have the comp trucks tires grip better. cheating punks worst game EVER!!!!!", "hello finger hut so u know the jeep like when u get the first car akin the of rare skin i have the Halloween skin i got so can u do the other rare skin car and and u pls put the santa skin pls pls pls pls pls pls pls pls pls finger hut i need that skin i have 50 cents in my account pls finger hut i ...Full Review", "game stops running all the time, plenty of space on the tablet. without spending real money many of the special events are clearly unobtainable", "My account can't get back after connecting to google play account. My account archivement 52/52 but after i connect my gameplay like a new gameplay. I very satisfied about this because i spend more money for this account already.", "this season sucks. you picked the absolute worst tracks. can't even get past the second tier. I'm done with this nonsense game", "Super fun. Quick and easy game play. heaps of things to keep me wanting to play more. Doesn't feel like it pushes me to spend real money.", "Very Entertaining. My brother has been playing this game for years, so finally I downloaded the game last weekend, and I must say I'm hooked! Gorgeous graphics and very simple controls! Now I understand why he loves this game so much. I'm a fan.", "I update the few days ago and grom then Its lagging in even offline mode.", "I've only been playing for a week, so early days, so far I like the game, very addictive, I'm not sure what the points are for yet but I seem to rack them up but dont do anything, would I recommend the game? yes give it a go", "was fun. you race the same 4 or 5 tracks over and over once you reach a certain level. you should throw in some of the beginner track in the rotation too.", "speed it up. have a racing game and its not fast make scrap faster give more stop!", ",ttikl hello this is a cool game mga bobo di ako marunong mag ml walang kwenta itong dito wala akong pakialam marina pangit yung collection pangit ng graphics easy langit sheet pangit ang pangit ang pangit ang pangit ng pangit di ka marunong mag ml walang kwenta", "my grandson age 5wont let me have my phone back playing this game and I have to admit i play the game behind his back lol it's fun for slightly older people to enjoy playing", "hey everyone when you play that chinese game , dont bother wasting your time because the game will slow your car buggy or what ever pretty bad when the game has to cheat to beat you , who wants to spend money on a app that clearly cheats try it out an you will find out", "more focus on ads now. 1st hill climb I played when it was new and I really enjoyed that offline, although there were ads but that game was fun to play.", "Hey Fingersoft, what about a night track, where we can drive on lights? I could think of a bunch of interesting details you could implement. Cheers!", "you guys need to take away whhen you unlock a car you have to pay coins i dont like it so it makes the game bad", "Aprently this game became too heavy for old devices. Bought a new phone and I can play it smoothly again..", "Well not much to describe but can you add more coins and more Jens to the normal chests and can you double the amount of the coins", "OMG this is so fun, loving it. Added to my phone and kids seen me playing this, now they have added it too. Can't fault the game play 10 out 10! this is a top game.", "Hill Climb Racing 2 is the best game ever I let the graphics I like playing it when I'm bored it's awesome I rate five stars", "I have been playing for maybe 2-3 years, unlocked all the cars and have milions of money but still most of the paints and tiers can't be unlocked. What gives?", "so i noticed me ans my boyfriend have the same game but different phones. and his has more graphics in the maps than i do.. why?", "You're bridges were terrible in the first version then you decided to keep them. You decided to make many levels unnecessarily over complicated. Finally the speeds of the cars dont match what they should be the superbikes and lambo shouldnt be getting passed on level terrain.", "One of a not many games which made me laugh! \"physics\" of controlling the vehicles are fun. A tip: don't buy every vehicle. Save up you coins and get the one you want most +upgrades. Not pay to win game! Have fun.", "after update to much bug please fix this problem very slow game", "Mere seconds after my first game i got a push notification. DO YOU KNOW HOW ANNOYING THAT IS! Don't badger me to play your f'ing game!", "Fun game just not cheap to plat Unless you are willing to pay to play. if the prices changed it would Rock", "i like this game the controls are easy to use . whenever i play this game i got confedece to play i am playing this game from 2 years so won every match . welldone \ud83d\udc4d", "The game is really fun It is great there is nothing wrong with this game. Keep it up.", "killer game i get stuck. On or bindge playing to others lol enywsys i get right into trying to crush scores build my cars to crush s#\\+ awsone game halfto download this game iif not wasting time on other games must try or $ not Back no no joke lol no for real try it you'll -get stuck on stupid cant ...Full Review", "soooooo good please make like helicopters and other new cars me and my friend love your game please update and this is the best game I've played", "fun but i am still learning it the rating may up the i paly and i do enjoy it enough to keep playing nicr time killer not overly complicated", "Good fun. Played many races and challenges.", "stupid car is always doing a wheelie even when I bought the whole part for it", "I must say I love it I have all the maps and all the vehicles been playing it for years really challenging but also fun looking forward to number 3 or just some new maps and vehicles", "latest update ruined the game. freezes and now I have lost all progress.", "have had game quit on me during boss race, having to redo it.", "I love thos game and O hope you love it to. It is a goos time killer and relly fun. And sometimes hard.", "i liked the game until the chinese new year event came. i hate it..........", "Great game to pass time with. The main character cracks me up.", "the multiplayer is Too fake there is no even one player racing you", "Never thought I'd like this kind of game but it's fun and I do krack up a lot", "As you spend more money on your car, it becomes increasingly harder to control. Makes sense.", "so much lagging when we play game", "Hi i have an Huawei p20 lite great game just the offline mode keeps on freezing please fix that", "I like it because it is funny when you fall off the car.", "frickin addicting. if u want spare time to waste, heres a game for you", "awesome game but these adds sips data. 500mb for only 5-10 days.", "My progress was not at all increasing sometimes decreasing please check my account \u2206k\u2206sh\u2122\u00a9!!!", "in my mobile this game start in 7 minutes in sam j2 plesase solve this issue", "TRASH YOU CAN'T GET PAST THE NINJA", "I like it, but can ypu please lower the difficulty on the ninja boss.", "I loved your game hope you make a hill climb racing 3", "i love the game, but you should add a bmx or mtb to it, so its not all motorized.", "its a very addictive game i havnt put my phone down sice playing it.", "i played this game and in its first look it was like other boring games but later i was addicted to it", "Addicted to this game since older versions way back 2012", "remove ninja he is annoying but good game overall I'm thinking of removing this game but ninja stops you from getting silver", "seems to take a long time to get the in game currency unless you pay for it. other than that the game is good", "You should be able to but clothes, hats, and heads for your character.", "frustrated at first when I started to play, but now I play all the time.", "HATE IT SO MUCH THAT I AM NOT HAPPY AND I CRY CAUSE I CAN'T BEAT IDEODIC NINGA!", "Dear fingersoft, i wish to add a more box to the parts so that we can equipt more parts and to become the vehicle run like an epic. thank you very much", "very entertaining and you can get coins faster than other games and I'm so happy that there is some dumb energy thing", "nyc game but after a high using it will be boaring", "like how you can change things on the car or the guy or her.", "There is an error, that even you came first online but you will not get any points.You can check by playing at least 3 games online.", "great stress buster.. just all enjoyments...", "It fills up lifting that's what I like and expirins of this game it is so much fun to play with and I think it is a good good game I love it so much mostly when you are dead", "great game, play this all the time over other games", "it didn't let me say the controls were awesome", "i like how the game has multipleer and you can challenge people", "its boring and gain a itte coins the goid in this version is racing", "I can barely play it on Mate 10 Pro, extremely low frame rates.", "WHEN EVER I GET BORED I PLAY THIS", "would be a good game but, if you want to play with a friend it will not let you. Even though it has an add friends sign in the corner.", "I had this game before and I always came first", "U can't Beat BattzAzz! he's too Good!!! \"DANGEROUS\"", "awesome game probably the best\ud83d\ude01, please add the Robocop2014 skin for superbike", "I dont really like racing bosses", "very bad perfomance", "group app download now", "not so good", "GET RID OF BOSSES", "BAKWAS please dont download it", "There is no option to my country language so i uninstall this game if upgrade the language section and provide a option to choose HINDI language than i will definitely install this. #Hindi language", "fix buggy, it stops on flat road like smashes in somthing!!!", "Wow wow wow wow ow ow i still like iy but the people in legendary level are super fast they can run 999999999999miles i was still wining its a good game enjoy the game not so bad super good and fabulous quality", "Incerdible waste of time, that is so addicting.", "I think it's a great game but the multiplayer needs to acually be other real players also can we do custom paint jobs", "Should add more levels and while racing there should be option of changing the parts. morove try to add under water or in the sea level alone", "gold 1 ke pas aya to game chalta nahi", "constantly ask for customer service and get no results or replies", "this a very game but this is got locked and very difficult to unlock", "it's a very good game but can you make a machine where it turns your gems into gold that's 3000 and can you make a edit map with no Wi-Fi thank you oh and can you make the update more often please", "what ever you did to this game your idiots.", "Very fun game! Been playing for 3 years.", "my little brother loves it.Can ya'll make a 3rd one or add wepons to the games that would be fun for me and let us play with people with social media", "great game except that it's to long in between collecting carractor parts and parts for the cars seems that you get the same up grades for the same car & you don't get the up grades for certain cars Im sure that can be fixed but oter than that it's a great game to pass time as 4 me I'm addicted to t...Full Review", "my acount is banned pls fix it.", "ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads ads remove them. you should not have to pay for no bloody ads.", "massageing game you can do flips\ud83d\ude0e", "This game is trash! Don't download it!!", "fun. would be nice to advance without having to spend money...actually i havent bought anything but if i had my rig would be way better. still a fun game", "one after one ads disgusting\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21 what's the problem after finishing the race you (game developer) guys post an advertisement one after one why. it's effected on my mood to start next race.", "too much ads\ud83d\udc76", "too many ads its stupid", "bht hi gandi game hy mn sara din khelta hon", "so many ads", "mst game hai", "BUGS.. BUGS. BUGS. NOTHING ELSE IN THIS GAME. NO RATING FOR THIS. VEHICLE NOT MOVING FOR FEW SECONDS OR GOING BACK OR FELL DOWN AUTOMATICALLY.", "I love the game soo much and i just completely adducted to it but it is an online game but there is no clan in this game i want an update where clan is added and people can chat and have solution of all problems in in this game", "I believe hill climb 2 is an exceptional game, it definitely kept my attention. It's a fun strategizing game, and It's filled with cool upgrades and different gift boxes everyday.", "Super Funn! TURBO NOISES! WOOOTUTUTUTUU", "buy something to dismiss the ads and this is a great game!", "it's a really a super car racing game I want to congrats the the inventor of the game", "A slight addiction I have....", "Too addictive ,I deleted it but couldn't refuse to download again ."], "Hollywood Story": ["i love it i am so in love with it", "hey nanobit this new update is awesome. but i have one request plz can you block police tax in fans gift. i mean if the police tax arrives don't take our earned daimonds money in fan gifts. plz its humble request", "I love this game so I look forward to playing it every chance I get. I dont give it a 5 star because the star points are really hard to get its ridiculous the amount of real money you have to spend and you can only play in the casino which require Diamonds so of course you spend and you dont actuall...Full Review", "I like the app it's self but the thing is that mostly everything the quests require costs gems. Atleast 20-30+ and I can't get gems all the time. I think that the prices need to be lowered. Overall it is a great app", "i absaloutley love the game but im so annoyed this morning i did a movie and got 14 thousand pounds and then i went out my sister went on the game and blew it all on a really ugly dress so i ask please make easier ways to make money cause i have to wait 14 hours to make another one", "Guys i mean come on.. It's 2019 really STILL i can't log in from another phone??? Do you really expect that with all this new technology people aren't upgrading their phones? I've lost 3 years of progress from my ipod which has died now and 2 years from my old phone! This is ridiculous i love this g...Full Review", "dresses are too expensive, there should be ways to earn diamonds..also energy level get down early...it gets boring when phone doesn't ring...", "the only thing i dont like about it is that you have to purchase with your credit card to buy things to help and it shouldnt have to do that", "takes too long to reload energy and not enough ways to earn diamonds. i actually downloaded another recommended game and did what was required and never received my 32 diamonds.", "Keeps closing while im playing and causing my phone to have some malfunctions that I've never had before I installed this game. I'm going to delete this game and give a bad review everywhere I can.", "Hey nanobit team the game was really addictive i cant stop playing,awesome graphics and stories but the last update was not good the game keeps on not responding please fix it soon i cant wait pls", "the only thing is how do I change my user name", "update please, Requesting update to keep all items when searching locations, as too much energy and time spent to searching for items for current and furture objectives. Takes fun out of game when items found no longer in inbox when needed.", "The game is nice but recently i bought 50 gems pack. I was charged but i have not seen it transend to the game. When i say recently, its meant as today less than 15 mins ago. Need a solution", "cool because you can make your own story", "Hey guys I love this game but can you guys create something like an award show every two months in the game and new hair and color design please", "love this game, just wish some of the task werent impossible to do unless you spend real money \ud83d\ude44", "a fantastic game. I only want to tell that the money or diamonds to buy new clothes are very large in amount so reduce the cost.", "why doe it keep freezing\ud83d\ude21please lower the price of things in Manhattan town plus i love this game\ud83d\ude0a", "i mean.i love it but it needs to like.....i dont know........ upgrade?", "I love it! The stories are super interesting, too!! really great time killer. \ud83d\udc4d", "not what I thought it to be. but i'm okay with it.", "it is the best ok game ever ther is one missing becuase it isnt what i ecpected", "My code is WHERRCPY", "very good game it's the best game eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeevvvvvvvvvvvvvvveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr", "love it although it takes forever to update", "it's very fun to play", "great", "great", "love it", "Okay let me just say that this game is okay UNTIL you get to dating i have a glicth where when i am on a date that has the rings icon next to the progress of date, it doesn't let me finish it. I have tried tons of times on the same guy (Luke). PLEASE FIX! I WILL BE WAITING FOR FIX, when it is fixed ...Full Review", "I really like this game but I moved from andriod to iPhone and I can't take the game with me I invested money and time and there is nothing I can do about it and I can only use my android when I'm home this is aggervating and than on top of that iphone has a new update so I can't even visit friends ...Full Review", "I really like this game. there is a few things which need to change for me to keep playing. the outfits are too expensive and the subscription option is never going to happen from me. Despite turning music etc off the music still plays when I load the game and throughout the game until I turn it on ...Full Review", "I am giving this 1 star for now until my issue is resolved. since the upgrade anytime I go to make a purchase it will go through charging my card but then the game freezes and I dont get the diamonds I ordered. this has happened 3 times now once was fixed thank goodness but now today alone was twice...Full Review", "I think this is a wonderful game to play but it gets to be frustrating because dresses are really espensive with all the gems. Also a sad thing is using energy, you have to end up using so much energy it gets hard. I'm also have a mission right now where I have to buy the mansion but I can't because...Full Review", "I absolutely love this game... BUT I can't really do anything in the game rn. It tells me to get the queen apartment and nothing happens when I click on it.. i tried to do other quests to move up levels but all of my friends requests on there are not possible for me to do. hair cut in Hollywood.. ca...Full Review", "it would be great if it didn't take away followers!!! I haven't played the stupid game in 3 days and it took away 20,000 fricken followers!!! no one loses that many fans in the real world that quick", "I like this game but there is a BIG PROBLEM with this game. I was playing the game and SUDDENLY I WAS KICKED OFF THE GAME OVER AND OVER AGAIN AND I AM GETTING PRETTY MAD AT THESE GAME CREATORS. IT KEEPS DOING IT TO ME!!!!!!!! WHY ME?!!!!!!! WHO'S WITH ME????", "i hate how long it takes to get energy and when u do get energy its one bolt like what the and its to hard to get dimends so there should be 1 or 2 or 3 more ways to get dimends vut im exited for the new stuff in the game and i love this game its super fun but i would like it more if after u wait al...Full Review", "This game is fun until you have to buy expensive dresses and sorts, it just takes the fun out of it, and i think there should be more jobs other than the resturant to earn money and gems. It is very hard when you have to buy a dress for 100-400 gems, when for a video you only get 2. Also it says i n...Full Review", "its a fun game until we are out of energy so i am requesting if they update the game make sure to increase the number of energy. ohh and the clothes are too expencive to buy so please make sure the rate is low.but anything ,i think the game is super fun to play.......................", "Too expensive, mostly everything requires diamonds aka real money and the wait is too long for energy to replenish, also not enough energy to complete missions, energy consumption is too dang fast! Gaming idea was on point, but because of these issues I am going to Uninstall, starting to feel as if ...Full Review", "It lies. I played the game and i unlocked all the maps, bought the most expensive ingame purchases, And for some reason, IT NEVER LET ME FIND MY SOULMATE..OR HAVE KIDS..LIKE IT DOES IN THE IMAGES?!", "My friend showed me this app. i really started to love it until all the expensive things happened. like, an there be an easier way to get coins and diamonds? an, instead of spending diamonds to revive from the fan gifts, can you do like 3 strikes and your out? Oh, and you have to wait 5 MINUTES just...Full Review", "my game hasnt been updated nor is it telling me that it needs to update... i havnt had a new story for like a week now no nothing.. but no way am i un-installing it n re-installing cus im on level 50+ and dont want to loose anything.... what do i do???", "I love it. Since the update the glitches have stopped. All the people who say its bad can't appreciate a good game. I definitely recommend getting it.", "there is something wrong with my game is always crashes several times a day and i can never i mean NEVER accept the invitations for the londond tv!", "this is the worst gams..it keeps saying that it has stopped after a few seconds after i oped it..i have uninstalled it a couple of times to see if it is fixed..please fix it ..i would love to see how this game is..i had send an email too", "i can't acces Hollywood mansion even though bella's mission is already finished hope u can help me with this.. and the new update keeps crashing!! can u fix it please.. i already sent an email.. thank you", "i like this game very much ,very nice game i have played for ever.i want diamonds how i will get .", "too expensive, nothing is free, cant get diamonds, you always have to spend money, very disappointed.", "no updates on stories. continuously wasting my money. it gets boring after a while phone doesnt ring anymore", "was great to start with then as soon as i made an in app purchase it took the money from my bank but i still havnt got the diamonds im not happy and now keeos crashing \ud83d\ude44", "it was good until update now I can't go anywhere! I feel I wasted my precious time! i won't take me to anyplace", "Love it so much just one thing you have to wait a long long time to get your engery filled up if you play the game you'll understand", "its kinda boring and everything is really exspensive so i cant by anything!", "paid for a diamond pack and never received the diamonds. also wont let me buy anything else in the app. please fix or refund my money!!!", "its fun but it also take a long time to load ur power an also not enough diamonds", "it was a nice game .but when I need free diamo nds it makes me to play another game. it takes long time to fill the energy.", "it is finally updating whoooopeeee I'm so so so so happy now I can play new stories thank u very much but .... I realised it updates when their is a new update ughhh", "this game is fun! The only thing is that energy...Can this change??", "Sucks to buy diamonds and not get them five dollars waisted won't happen again officially done playing", "brought extras in the game money came out of account but never got the extras", "i LOVE this game but wish i could play as my gender (male) just sucks i cant have a male storyline", "I think u should make energy infinite. Or slot more larger. It goes out really quickly but other than that the games really fun", "it's a cool game but the phone doesn't right anymore. Like why would y'all keep the Valentine's quest lock on Valentine's.", "when I bought diamonds it didn't give me any.", "it seems like a fun game but I cant do anything the screen is just completely black I've tried to open and close the app, I've tried to force stop the app plz help me.", "I updated my game but it keeps telling me that I'm not using the lastes version", "i love this game please get more like this and make them prices a littel lower so that a dress could be 29dimonds ok and not 100dimonds.", "amZing game but hate it when i run out of energy", "It was ok but it got boring", "so boring its not as fun as it looks", "I love this game,Its great!!!Just wished the Diamonds were a little cheaper", "i let my neice make a purchse for diamonds and nothing happen but the purchase was made. she didnt recieve any diamonds.", "made a diamond purchase but once purchase was successful the game crashed so I haven't received that purchase", "this one suvks it wont let u fo anything", "i won diamonds on the mini games and didnt recieve them i brought diamknds and didnt recieve them", "its a bit annoying", "cant stop playing it.", "At first it was very fast but now very slow", "Been on this game for hours. Someone stop this game!!!", "enter my code for free gift..EMZBKSTZ \ud83d\udc4d", "waiting for energy just takes so long ..otherwise the game is really cool", "I don't like it", "I love this game so much and it is so addicting", "This game is a amazing, super exciting, and super fun, I highly recommend it!!!", "its thik thak", "very cool game i will recommend this to other friends", "k so is it me or is this game awesome \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude36\ud83d\ude07", "very good game", "its a really very gooooooooooood game", "it's a great game", "I love this game", "meh", "so fun", "i love this app", "love this game", "awsome game", "love this game", "amazing period", "love this game", "it's amazing", "that's good", "nice game.....", "amazing", "good", "Nice", "I would like to give it more because it is actually fun but you need diamonds for almost everything, specifically the clothes. It wouldn't be a problem if you weren't rated by the clothing and asked to wear a particular items for a challenge or buy something at a store(wich is frequently). I don't w...Full Review", "this game could be really good but the need for diamonds is too much. by the time you get into queens you can barely buy clothes without diamonds let alone shoes or accessories. sometimes I can't play for more than 5 minutes without running out of energy and then yep diamonds. for the amount of diam...Full Review", "At first I really liked this game. The graphics are great, the clothes are beautiful, and the storyline is interesting. That being said the game makers have (recently) made the amount made from making movies so low that's it's practically impossible to buy anything. Most items cost at least 50k and ...Full Review", "I love this game! it's really fun and it has the drama! and that's what I call a good game. the only thing I don't like is the energy and the fact you need collectibles for an audition and half the stuff you can't afford. But otherwise this is a great game! keep up the good work\ud83d\ude18 p.s I saw all the ...Full Review", "Good game, but it peters out. I am a higher level and have completed all the quests. When i vote, i cant get stuff from the little shop anymore. Once those items are gone, they are gone. The stuff i trade items for at the yacht do not come to me until i purchase them feom a store, but it still takes...Full Review", "I have spent over 200.00 dollars on this game. It glitched and I lost all my progress and had to start over, support gave me money and diamonds to compensate for what I lost. Here it is again the game has glitched and I lost my progress again, I wrote support on 1/19/18 I have not recieved a respons...Full Review", "They stole my money. I made a purchase for 110 dimonds for $9.99 and did not receive but only 53. when I contacted them about it they kept beating around the Bush about my other purchases. needless to say I won't be getting money back or anything. be careful and buy at own risk!!", "The update is horrible! The game will not stay running. It keeps crashing and shutting down. After all the money I have spent this is the worst! Expensive game to play. Need to bring prices down or character pay outs up.", "the game is really nice and interesting. but I'm having issues with it now. if I log in it immediately logs out on its own and showse \"hollywood story not working\" everytime. have not been able to play for a while. how can I fix this please?", "Don't spend a dime on this game! You can't transfer your progress to a new device. The company will offer to refund your money then back pedal and basically tell you to eat it. Crooked thieves running that show.", "TOO EXPENSIVE!!! I enjoyed playing the game at first but now the developers have made it impossible to play the game. The only way to advance is to spend $$! They have reduced the amount of earnings for each movie you film. which now takes days to be able to even complete an audition. Most of the cl...Full Review", "Love the game very exciting and beautiful graphics but very very expensive. I have spent an $100 dollars or more within ONE WEEK and they haven't gave me anything free yet. Wish they were more appreciative of there players", "It has potential to be a much better game. Storylines are a bit disjointed and tend to overlap. The biggest issue is the cost of everything. Diamonds cost $9.99 for 110, but most clothing items are 100 diamonds or more. Some are more than 250 or even 300 and higher (who wants to pay $20-30 in REAL m...Full Review", "It is nyccccccccc game. In my mobile I don't have any games it is the first I downloaded and it has nice dress I love it\ud83d\udc8b\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\ude0d but all the dress need diamond in fashion cup challenge. And it take more time to load Thiy game is ok but only for some member and some member will not like the game be...Full Review", "I really enjoy this game but its too expensive. Every minute they want you to buy something and its always with diamonds or more money that you will earn. I dont mind spending money but you guys are really taking the mick out people. For example .the shop in harlem is clearly a budget shop but with ...Full Review", "Nice game. Just energy goes so quickly and takes forever to refill. And the maximum is so low. Also the things they make the character say in the storyline are really shallow. She seems like a real air head. But oh well", "okay so the game is good. but if your like me you didn't know that the blue circle in the job and in the movie practic means you have to take 5 dimonds away. i didn't know that so know i have only got 2 dimonds left, nowit is saying if i pay $7.99 for 15 dimonds it will stop say to pay. but really w...Full Review", "Poorly designed. Developers need to review price ratio. It costs 10 REAL dollars to buy one dress for your stupid avatar. I dont mind paying for apps I enjoy, but that's absolutely obscene. Additionally, I've logged on 5 times trying to collect items needed to audition for the daily movie. Each time...Full Review", "love this game but every time I search for the items for an audition it could be 5/15 then it jumps back to 1/15 & it's always the perfume bottle. Sometimes my diamonds won't show up after I hit the box or the icon on the side of the screen where you can get more energy, money or diamonds you can't ...Full Review", "Thought this was a cool game at first \ud83d\ude2c then i realize your ripping us (The people) off. 1.This game cost too much damn money. 2. The more money u save the more the price go up!!! 3. Each video one damn diamond. 4. When u spend real money its still not enough to buy anything when the good stuff has...Full Review", "I really liked this game but I got a new phone and now the game is trying to make me completely restart. I have connected it to my account and everything and I'm back at the beginning. Spent time and money on this game just to lose everything, so messed up \ud83d\ude20", "Fun game, played it while my grandfather was dying and it really helped distract me. need to make it easier to get energy though otherwise it gets annoying and you stop playing because you have to wait so long. and make things cheaper bro it's so hard to get over 100 diamonds.", "To say this isn't my usual type of game (movies and fashion) I'm surprised to say that so far I love it. It's easy to navigate, game runs smoothly, so far there is always something to do. Even though I hate games that have an energy bar this games bar fills fast and I like that I can put my phone do...Full Review", "The game is good but like most it is ridiculously hard to get diamonds without asking for real money, make either it easier to get free diamonds or make ingame items cheaper!! Also it is so annoying to get the items needed for auditions it takes so long and so much energy to try find them that the t...Full Review", "Been playing this game for years and will always play it, but at times it does get boring and when I get a new Android phone it is impossible to add game and have to start over and it makes me madder than a cold frog. Please try to fix this problem please, all in all this is a wonderful game.", "Really Enjoyable BUT Very Very Expensive. I love this game but the price point is a turn off. I don't mind paying but the amount of money you have to spend to be able to participate in Fashion Shows and fulfill goals like shopping from different boutiques is RIDICULOUS. I am considering uninstalling...Full Review", "In my account for the star store thing I pressed \"Yes\" I want to join but then I realised you had to pay money. Can the creators of this game please change it to \"No\" as I cannot afford such things and it is highly unfair. Please fix.", "It's just.. 100% Addicting. lol. The clothing is cool, Yet the game itself is really nice together! It's really good!! It's so good, I clearly am speechless! Amazing Job with this game! It's Very fun & Addictive!! You should get this game definetely! (Psst.. You get rich and famous pretty quick thro...Full Review", "Fun game, but pricey, and a glitch! When you play the wheel of fortune casino game if you get on the 500 or 100 diamonds it dlickers and jump to another winning item. i though it was a mistake the first time but it happened a few times. Pretty sure they dont want you to win that much now. It is a fu...Full Review", "was good until now. I'm stuck! all I can do is make movies and organize premieres! there are no storylines with my friends or Tony my boyfriend...I'm pissed", "I love the game.Since the update I haven't been able to play @ the casino for free. It's showing weird numbers for my time clocks.My energy isn't reloading. This suck for such a good game.", "it's a fun game and becomes addicting; however, the prices are just pathetic. pretty much everything costs hundreds of diamonds, and you need to at least spend over 30$ to get a half decent dress and to complete a story. this game is becoming a scam, and after reviewing most of these comments, I don...Full Review", "They have everything cost a ton of diamonds or be obscenely expensive so you have to buy diamonds to keep going. Its a nice game but...nah.", "I love this game even tho switching of device i lost some if my data but i may was my fault or their fault but i love the game an will continue to play with love an it keeps you busy to passed any time so amazing me an 5 of my family members been playing this game for 4 years", "It would let me update mine is something update and its saying to update when I click my friends list to visit friend on Hollywood story and in play store Google it will say install or open when I need to update", "very interesting with the game but worst with the energy you should make it uhh what's the word? ummm uhh the time should be 3s and it's supposed to be faster~? (dont get mad at me creator) I wonder how you create your own game tell me in your video!", "The games great but I see a bit of clickbait in this game I'm up to level 15 now and its also soooooo exspensive and the energy thing is wayyyy to extreme and lame and stupid!!!!! Also doesn't make sense and a rip off plus u can't move or control yourself all u have a house for is to store your clot...Full Review", "SO FRUSTRATING! !!!!! I love this game but the clothes are way to many diamonds unless you constantly purchase them. .. and that takes the fun and point out of playing....", "its a good game.. but why i am not able to visit my friends... i am using updated version.. but whenever i try to visit my friends it always shows you are using old version.. please solve the issue", "Dear Creators, This game is sooo fun! I really love it!! But, I suggest you either dont make us wait 5 minutes to get an energy refill... or you make us wait and give us more than 1 energy!!!! Please and thank you, JellyBelly456", "I have updated this game like 3 times and they keep saying new stories added in 'what's new' but when I open my game, there are no new stories as I have exhausted my stories and at such the game is beginning to bore me to death \ud83d\ude16", "my game keeps glitching at one point it sai i had over 40 million some followers were i actually had 173k it glitches so much it gets annoying unless you want to waste atleast five minutes almost everytime you open the app and wait for it to stop glitching move on", "this game is so expensive everyone is not able to enter the star club i prefer you all not to download. this game too expensive game i purchase the star club store but i do not get the displayed dress and i m not able to purchase some dresses .This is money digger game i hate this game", "i kinda got addicted to this app.but this is my humble request to game makers that pls. exclude the thing of joining star club with real money...there should be some other options like joinig club with money or diamonds in the game only bc if some people are not able to give that money then other al...Full Review", "perfect game totally luving ..if only we could earn cash by selling out our old dresses nd wish there were more games to play beside d casino", "this is a wonderful game but you give less amount of gems . so please after completing every level give atleast 10 gems so that it will improve this game and futher . more gems can make more people play this game because all the parts are fine but gems are really less. but really a fantastic game", "Hollywood Story is a great game especially with your friends, you can go shopping give your character new hairstyles, you could possibly have your own wedding you can also make your own movies and best of all organizing Premeirs and going to others overall great game I would definitely recommend it.", "I love the game but you need to add more ways to earn diamonds energy and money also the clothes shouldn't cost so many diamonds granted they're hard to earn to begin with. Also when you work out search for items etc I noticed if u find a diamond it doesn't add to your existing diamonds noticed it o...Full Review", "game keeps glitching me out and I have to start over. I would give it 5 stars but to many glitches and things are exspensive in the game even purchase 50 diamonds for 4.99 and no extra is not a good deal", "well, its good. lagy, soooooooooooo many pop ups, im contantly getting in-game calls. 4 stars", "I stuck. i cant do the task. i cant get into the kareoke bar. i cant go to visit. cant do anything.", "love the game, however do i have to buy into the star club to continue??? ive come to far to stop now... addictive\ud83d\ude1c", "I love it but the diamonds are annoying cuz I never have any and so is the energy thing because I need to search for stuff and shoot a movie but I can't because I don't have enough energy \ud83d\ude44 but overall I think it is a good game to play", "Good day to all the hollywood game team \ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18what about plastic surgeries not only on face are colours but also on breast bottom too more black thick men, white thick, men and other race men and cars to drive in the game more clubs more places to go its on adventure game but it need more things i...Full Review", "MY OPINION IS THE GAME IS ALRIGHT. THE ONLY THING IS THAT, WHEN YOU HAVE TO BUY SOMTHING YOU CANT PASS THE CHAPTER BECAUSE YOU DONT HAVE ENOUGH MONEY OR DIMONDS", "The game seems fun but I just started and I needed to go get my characters hair cut and everytime I try the game crashes. Would love to play it more.", "This game is stupid now . everything has to be purchased with diamonds & the cash items are overpriced", "it was so bad it takes forever to load and I tried to get it to load for 5 days and it did not work and so I wouldn't recommend this app to download", "cool game just wished their were more ways to earn diamonds and star's without pay money", "please the prices for the houses are too much and some should be bought in cash also the price for the adoption of baby is too much,i cant pay such amount for a game. please do something about it.", "i have played this game several times and really this game is r very nice. Only the problem with me is it loads slowly otherwise it's really very good game \ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00", "I really got no words cause IS AWSOME!\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude01", "my hollywood in the game wont work now so i can make a movie the new upgrade did something and re down loaded it again still not working and i got a lot of money into the game please fixs", "Game ok. Very slow to earn money to buy things, even then there is little choice. Too many items that require large amounts of diamonds which are way too high unless you buy with your own money", "the game is addictive because it gives me bad feeling and it really is no fun if you have no real money for in game currency and the wheel of fortune is rigged like why you gotta do that.", "Dont buy gems or play this game. I restarted the game because it kept freezing. I lost all the gems I bought i contacted support and they wont give them back. It's a rip off I wouldn't even give 1 star", "Updates have made to were I am unable to play at all. I re-installed the game 3 times now and still nothing. Very upset I have invested time and money on this game. Now it is gone and I can't get it back.", "was going to give it a 5 star but have not been able to use my fashion show tickets to redeem..bought all the stuff now nothing shows no sense rating fashion show when I cannot redeem...", "I can't get this game to load up. it only loads up to 20% then says server not connecting to try again. then when you hit try again it says downloading might take longer than usual then it says can't connect to server try again", "it's very anoying and boring you have to wait 5 minutes to get your energy back and it takes forever to get all the suplies for the audition I mean I'm uninstalling this game", "I absolutely love this game. I'm completely hooked on it! Love how i can do loads of different things in the game like shooting movies & TV shows, progress through the story line. shop for & dress up my avatar- it's jus absolutely great!!!!", "i loved this game it was my favourite and i spent alot of money buying gems extra google have only refunded me \u00a340.00 i would like i full refund as i said i spent alot of money on this game and now it does not work regards c. Atkinson", "The only thing wrong  is too many random ads from place to place .", "The game is really fun and entertaining the only complaint i really have is that it take a long time for your energy to fill up compared to how fast you lose it, also the clothing is often times too expensive or youll get a mission to buy an exoensive dress", "It sucks I hate it to death it takes a long time for it to get all the stuff ready", "really enjoying it, it's a lot of fun even for the non fashion savvy like me but can't seem to get it to load at all tonight which ruins my streak and forfeits a cute dress =( hope it'll load again I haven't connected it to fb and don't want to lose it.", "I love the game, although I wish it would be easier to get diamonds since the majority of the clothing costs so much. When are yall going to update the fashion shop? I've purchased everything that was available and would like more. I'm about to delete it just bc of that .", "good but i have a problem like the time is incorrect there so many numbers on the time i cant even take care of the baby cause its not showing plz help", "it's a really fun game but it has issues, I have friends but when I'm on set and they ask if I'd like to invite a friend it shows that i don't have any and when the people request for me to download a game i do it and play it till i get to the correct level and the game still doesn't give me my rewa...Full Review", "they have been stealing money from me for a month and half now. they have taken over $100 already and have not received my money", "its a good game but it takes wayyy to long to get your energy back, please change this", "i love to make storys and have kids i love kids but i hope it is not like my other game so we dont have to spend all my money and stuff but it looks like a good time to me but so far so good \ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\udc4c the game is a 5 \ud83c\udf1f", "I enjoy playing, but can't buy anything with the little amount of money and diamonds you get during game play. More diamond and money options are needed...besides spending my real money.", "Love this game so much! But the things are pretty expensive. Otherwise this is an amazing game!", "its a joke an stupid. im deleting it dont waste your time bad bad bad", "why is everything so expensive to buy.. but it is addicting. why not make the items more affordable though...RIP off", "IT IS SO RIDICULOUS THAT EVERYTHING COSTS GEMS! I CAN NEVER BUY ANYTHING! HORRIBLE! \ud83d\ude21", "I love this game Its the best XD im a celeb And I had 51,000 Fans its anazing But its kinda anoying When they keep ringing me..", "I Love this game, but will love it more if u guys can make the offline version..... Thumbs up.....\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "most boring game. and all the characters have scoliosis", "I do not like the people in the game. Very rude. and don't like how they make us constantly bye stuff.", "Too expensive and EXCLUSIVE, I can't pass a quest unless I join the star club which costs min \u00a34.79 per week! what a joke???!!! For majority of clothes in shops you need to use diamonds which cost too much to buy! What's the point of having cash if you don't get to spend it... Not like that would he...Full Review"], "Cars: Lightning League": ["Morally-bankrupt upgrade mechanics for a game aimed at kids. In between races it's a bombardment of upgrades and prizes. In app purchases are misleading, intimating that you get new cars when you don't - that's another \u00a35. Notifications that try to look like emails. Shame as my son likes it, but he ...Full Review", "has the potential to be an awesome game. great graphics and I love being Lightning McQueen. but the CONSTANT ads make it really annoying and not worth playing. I'd happily pay to get rid of ads, but there is no option for that!", "every thing is good, but this game have a big problem of fuelling, if you won the game or lose it in both situation the race need time to play for a long time. in the start stage i am able to play five times bcaz one race need 2 tanks. plz fix this problem.", "Just started playing fun and addicting so far. Would be 5 stars but there's \nan ad everywhere you go. No way to disable which would be nice. Would rate \n5 stars but as appear too often and are long ads.", "Fun game but way to many ads. i like the concept but either tone down the ad frequency or put in a buy option for ad free. Then ill make it 5 stars. I might have to uninstall if something does not change.", "This game sux it won't let me do anything can't even exit out to quit the \ngame... Not sure why but uninstalling not to happy", "Hey I have good feeling about this but u can even make it better n people \nwill love it u have to make the game in such a way tht it shld have rain \nlike the same. Feeling wen we watch movie we have the feeling who shld win \nso if u make this game to a type of a game which is NFS or something like \n...Full Review", "Pathetic Coding,you cant move to next level without completing all three task,it runs out of time plus cat updrade or selecta different cars,too many ads that to 30 seconds long in every move. Uninstalling this game straight away", "Garbage, so poorly coded that it will not load properly half the time. Do not waste your time.", "Controls are too unresponsive. Gameplay is bad, why do I need a perfect \nscore when I should be able to move to the next stage even with a single \nstar. Sucks really.", "Got to level six and now refuses to load , another prime example of google play being a complete failure , nice job , at least you got something right , being a complete failure of a company .", "I loved cars when I was yo young I will watched it every day when cars 3 \ncame out I was 19 but that didn't stop me from watching it.And ads won't \nstop from downloading this \ud83d\ude02", "Yo &\u00d7\u20ac\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude19\ud83d\udc90\ud83d\udc90\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude19is is gang members of staff who is not to office and \nextremely well for swimming competitions this time last week I have made a", "after exiting and i try open game again it just hangs at the load screen. uninstalled 2 times allready. sucks as my son loves it", "Gud Game But if this in Landscape mode means we can play little more fun. \nPlease make this as Landscape mode game and add Little more Controls to \nCollect coins and drive Race \ud83d\ude09", "My son love this game app but the advertisement sucks, especially whenever \nI am connected to the Internet. No ads when data or wifi is turned off. \nGreat app anyway. Cool", "Umm nice game Its very cool u should add boost and his guys too and \ncontrols and graphics are awesome now because of this game I not need to \nbuy videotape now I thank u Disney", "Well theres way to much bugs it wont let me join the game but beysides that this game is AWESOME but tbe bugs make it a 3 star \ud83d\ude41", "I think y'all need to stop timing people and give people time to clear the board i lile tje game but i hate being timed", "unable complete some levels like level 14 it isn't complete...like impossible...why is this happening ? please fix this issue and also help me how can I get this level done?", "So slow on loading! Think something is wrong as game doesn't work. Get to \nscreen that says tap to play but it doesn't!", "Could only do tutorial. After that the game doesn't get past the initial ad. Too bad, my son really liked the little he played.", "Energy fills with very slow speed. It has been hours I did not play this game.And the energy did not fill to 10", "Everytime I switch apps and turn it back on it starts working fine then takes forever to load after the ads.", "Good game..controls are a bit of a problem though...sluggish, lagging response...not what I expected from Disney Pixar", "When I go into the game I press the screen then it freezes I think you \nshould fix it", "Is this game take real money from my account only that question so that I will give it 4 stars other wise this os awesome game in the world I think", "Good game. To many ads and I download games from ads. Won't update. Locks up every time", "I hate this game it keeps glitching I spend more time trying to play the game than actual playing it", "Very good game for kids. My 4 year older daughter loves it. Smooth and \nenjoyable even for adults. Good job", "This game is so dreadfull when you updatet if you didnt updated it would have bin a good game", "As per my conscience-it's a good game,but the challenges are so difficult \nand sometimes there is a loss of coins.But I liked the game", "Hi... Please let me know the tips for level 10. It's for my son who is a big fan of this game and the cartoon", "Its a very very very good game.At first we have to challenge matter our first drag race.But at first I wanted the Jackstorm . The controls are very easy to control.I just loved to play this game!!!", "To many ads!! No way to buy ad free version. For God sake. End my misery!!", "Best game best controls hard mission all things are good but taken lot of fuel", "Great game play but since the last update you have to uninstall and \nreinstall to make it work once.", "Bad game. Cannot jump the car. Very slow. Control is bad", "Great and fun little game, just wish there were characters to play as, like the fabulous Hudson hornet.", "It is the best game l have ever played. It is a very good game,friends please download this game.", "doesnt work doesnt let me slide to left or right stays frozen", "So many micro transactions this is not suitable for a young child", "I like it just doesn't work when I open the app.", "Super fantastic gooooooood.world record game ever and.it controls soooooooooooo easyyyyyy lightiing time", "hi developer.. the game really fun and good graphic but for us it to many ads.. really disturb us and take our time to waiting the ads finished..", "Awesome if I could only get rid of all the ads, way too many!", "I like this game very much and Iam a fan of lightning McQueen it's super \ngame thank u", "It is a worst game . the game is not working properly .its screen is not clear it is in pink colour worst game in my life", "IT KEEPS ON BEING SLOW AFTER ZN AS", "No more update mission is upset for me after all missions (Total 100) passed.", "It is vert difficult . I am still on 18 level from a mounth", "Bad one. Not able even exit from game. Uninstalled", "I used to like this game but it is laggy when I swipe left/right it mostly doesnt move... please do something to this", "It is very good game I lick thish and jackson is may favrat karcter", "Very bad concept ! It's totally different from the movie !", "It's really marvelous for children.I like it very much.But make it offline.", "\"It's very nice\" Bright enough to lower it a bit and save energy*", "I hate it, not working on my Samsung J7 16", "I am stuck in a level 12 since 2 days i hate it", "Its awesomeness in a game and 100,000,000,000,000 tons of fun. git r done!", "Love this game I love Jackson storm is my favorite one \ud83d\ude0d", "It was fun but what made it suck was all the good damned ads", "It is a superb game I have ever played.\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18 It is pretty good.\ud83d\udc4c", "Cheap ploy to get kids to pay for gas to play. Bad design.", "Stupid game -you don't race against other cars", "It is a very good game East to play and nice controls\u263a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude04", "The game is good but racing with dj the phone prevents you by taping .", "It's controls are not good So I hated it", "My eight year old autistic son is addicted.", "I loved it bit a problem it gets stuck in loading and doesn't go after that.", "I can't tell but so awesome", "I am Muzammil Bloch , search me on Google type \" Muzammil Bloch \" and visit my websites . thanks for reading. Also I am on YouTube", "This game should have five stars i love liting macveel and also this game", "I'm not sure how it is so good", "It's a bit hard but Al get use to it I'm near for all beach level", "Kitna time lagta HAIN ek down load ke liye 1hour aur pura charge lelega", "Please add in the setting the option of choosing arrows instead of swapping \nfor turning right and left.", "I think that this game is very nice and when I play this game I feel very good", "I love this game PLS MAKE MORE GAMES", "It is a great experience by this game i am on level 64", "TERRIBLE game do not get it!", "It is nice game I will hacked my mind Playing", "The best racing game ever I have played", "It was a great game .it was a have nice graphic", "Not the greatest thing ever in the world but well is good for passing the \ntime", "This game is not nice at all", "This game is fully waste of time.", "i didnt even get to play it kept failing it sucks", "The update has changed everything", "Worst game i have ever played", "How do I start with this game it won't unlock level 2, please help", "Nice app I like this game too much", "Best game in the world thanks disney pixar", "I think that the graphics should be improved further", "the game is so hard and stupid, so many tough obstacles", "Downloading new maps is so irritating!", "Best racing game ever. Incredible graphics.", "Very good game aur aisa game banie", "Great simple game but to much adds... I understand u need ads to cover operations cost.. But it is to much", "The game is good but make it offline", "if you put a new car i will be happy", "It's take alot of time to loading.", "It's not a bad game but it's not just a fun game", "The Old edition is far better than this one, That one was more entertaining than this. I so much love it then. Please bring it back.", "IT DOESN'T WORK!", "Awesome game but it's control s are not that good", "Amazing game as well as thrilling.!", "Best games that I had played", "My little brother likes this game", "He is best game of play store", "Best cars movies edition game", "I am a big fan of Lighting", "This game is amazing should try", "I love the game very much", "I like Disney cars. This is worls no 1 cars game", "Disney won't replace any of the gems you purchased for unlocking cars if your phone gets wiped", "This is a good and great game Thank Srikar", "great time killer no no I'm joking I love this game because I love McQueen and I'm big fan of McQueen", "It is cool and my son loves it", "This game is like the cars 3 same to Sam", "It is a nice big game of cars", "I like this game so much it is awesome\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29\u263a\ufe0f", "Do you really need ads at the end and beginning and in between the \nlevels???? Uninstalling", "Doesn't work at all", "Please create more cars:lightining game", "Delay with swiping and sometimes is not working", "Slows the machine and heavily feeds on battery", "Bad bad bad bad game don't play it", "Fantastic graphics.... Awesome controls and crazy gameplay.....\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f", "Just installed whenever playing it's automatically paused without reason", "\u062d\u0644\u0648\u0629 \u0628\u0633 \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u062e\u0633\u0631 \u0627\u0639\u064a\u062f \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0628\u062f\u0627\u064a\u0629", "It takes more time to download the data", "Very good and nice game this", "I LOVE THIS GAME", "This game is very interesting", "I love lighting mqeean", "Nice game .Its addictive", "This game is very nice", "Faltu game pagal for 4 year children", "It's a amAzing game", "I loved it!!!\ud83d\ude0a", "It's very amazing", "How can a game hack you mind\ud83d\ude25", "But in second level Why stop?", "Make a new game on cars 3", "Wonderful Ride Wid Mr.95", "Awesome thanks for the game wooooooooooo", "The I like this so much", "Level 15 is so hard", "I love this game\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "Hoootiya bhen ke pakode kaisi game hai", "\u0430\u0431\u0435 \u0432\u0438\u0435 \u043a\u0430\u043a \u0442\u0430\u043a\u0430 \u0441\u044a\u0441\u0438\u043f\u0430\u0445\u0442\u0435 \u0442\u0430\u0437\u0438 \u0443\u0434\u0438\u0432\u0438\u0442\u0435\u043b\u043d\u0430 \u0438\u0433\u0440\u0430 \u0441 \u0442\u043e\u0437\u0438 \u044a\u043f\u0434\u0435\u0439\u0442", "cause it doesn't work", "Very good game Adicting also", "Not good game \ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude20 \ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude21", "Not opening after installing the game", "It is like suway surfers", "Maxed epic and keep playing fortnite", "6m55and 574was Jim Jones of n;nun ljj0n", "Cars: Lightning League", "The starting could be offline", "It won't let me play past level7", "What do ya mean by horse race?", "Too many ads!", "It has refused to load", "Addictive and good graphics", "This game is awesome", "Awesome game to play", "I like it a lot.", "Its a cool game", "Woahhoo!that was aswome", "I think it's stupid", "So good and cool", "It is so nice", "It is a good game", "It's a fun game to play", "What a game of disney", "This game is Assom", "I like strom", "IS SOY CARS", "Constant ads, purchases doesn't remove them, purchases are misleading, spent \u00a31.89 on seemingly nothing.", "Hey pls removed the ads", "It's amazing", "It is a Kaka game", "I love this game very much hooooo", "Very bad game", "It's amazing", "The game is nort nice and even the phone will hang", "I love cars games", "Worst game ever", "Not the best game", "How can I login", "This this game is the best", "please update this game and add new", "my son like it so much", "You are a great person You are a great person", "Very boring", "In the second level of this game we got dimond.......", "Ads... Buys worth over 80 pounds, that's crazy!", "This game is best game"], "DoubleDown - Casino Slot Game, Blackjack, Roulette": ["I have played this for years, and you just do not get enough chips for play time. I just opened a free chip notification and because the app needed updating it didn't give me my chips when it reopened. I would love to spend real money on this but I love to gamble too much in real life so I don't pla...Full Review", "Sadly DoubleDown has the best games but continue to run your money balance with bonus or big pay outs far and few between. Dont know how people build up balance to be able to have fun betting big and enjoy winning. Other gambling sites make it really fun......you actually win and have fun! This one ...Full Review", "DD has much to enjoy, but at a great price if not careful. I have enjoyed it for 2+ years, yet have never bought a chip -- just using free chips frugally. My concern; I do NOT believe DD is following the normal math/ win-lose formula normally found in casino Blackjack. DD's advantage appears to be m...Full Review", "The BEST CASINO GAMES EVER! I LOVE BIG SAFARI!!! THANKS DDC!!! YOU ARE THE BEST CASINO EVER!\ud83e\udd20\ud83c\udfc6\ud83c\udf89\ud83d\ude0e TRY IT ! WIN! ENJOY!\ud83c\udf80\ud83c\udfb2\ud83c\udfaf\ud83d\udcb0\ud83d\udcb8\ud83d\udcb2\ud83c\udf80\ud83c\udfc6\ud83c\udf0e#1 \ud83c\udf0f\ud83c\udfc6\ud83c\udf84\ud83c\udf81\ud83d\udcb8\ud83d\udcb2\ud83c\udf84\ud83e\udd36\ud83c\udf85\ud83d\udd7a\ud83d\udc83\ud83c\udf84\ud83d\ude0d DECEMBER IS THE BEST MONTH OF THE YEAR FOR THOSE WHO ARE LUCKY FANS OF DDC. THEY GO OVER & BEYOND WITH THE CREATIVE! EXCITING! GENE...Full Review", "I have played this casino so much. I have many questions that seem unanswered. Like why on Wheel of Fortune Triple Diamonds what does the Wheel of Fortune stand for and what does it count? It seems to be worth nothing. Also, after playing for an extended period the bars when they match up give no po...Full Review", "I lowered my rating because way back when when the tournaments were taken off i remember reading that they'd be back. Well awhile back i emailed DDC and asked when the tournaments would be back and was told they're not bringing them back and was told to just go play in the High limit room, that's wh...Full Review", "I like the games and and the graphics are awesome payouts are too tough, very realistic, i keep playing not going to buy into it .I'm losing interest because I don't win as much anymore. I wish they would loosen up some times so i can play more", "This is absolutely the best game!! Great game! All of the chips you give us. an special deals are wonderful! There is one thing I don't understand is why I not more people playing Double Down Casino. It's fun, you win,and they always give you gifts", "just like all the others. they let you have fun for a little while but then if you want to keep playing better get your credit card. after you spend hundreds, yes hundreds they don't even let you win a little to keep playing. better off going to a real casino.", "like the games but also like playing high bids which compared to other casinos are 3x and wins per roll are too few. Have uninstalled 3 or 4 times but reinstall n just play fewer times. Now that I'm writing, I never heard from a purchase made last August n no chips. it was a 3x purchase for $99 n ye...Full Review", "I'm furious...I had $6, mil. played Stonehenge and lost all of it. no bonus no big wins..I really liked that game. but no more. also thank you for $2 mil daily bonus this morn. but now i have no chips to play.., 2-16-19....I'm beginning to hate this game. DDC, you give me 2 mil in daily chips then I...Full Review", "I'm still loving Lobstermania 3! Love Larry only wish I could see him more. He's got a great sense of humor. He says some funny stuff as he pulls out the stuff from the traps!! I laugh each time with his grumbles.", "games are awesome. DD is just a terrible company with terrible support. Some of the most expensive chip packages of all the casino games. freezing during bonuses. They NEVER refund you money or chips if you encounter an error on their part.", "ok 2/7/19..games only win in beginning then milk u....bonus games are non existant...As u can see I play this on my phone only when bored! Today 9/25/16, just won 762,000 but again, never got points .....9/21/16....just won 1,152,000.......never got game points......typical.......ok...update on 2/7/...Full Review", "I love to play at Doubledown Casino, love all the games ! I play every day ! every time I complaint you all send me the rules , well I'm old school and I always read the rules and regulations before I play any games. I have 2 accounts with your Casino one (1) with Facebook and (1) without FACEBOOK. ...Full Review", "Love the games but if you buy points it lasts maybe a day when other games I play could last and u could play for a week or more. This doesn't pay really well that often the lobstermania bonus spins", "Absolute thieves! Slots are tighter then any other casino app over the past few days i have won on 20 out of over 300 spins....if you try blackjack Computer makes hands regardless of what you are dealt. Lucky if the computer does not get blackjack or 21 3 out of every 10 hands.", "The game is fun. But don't expect to play very long. Only get free play money once every 24 hours. Bonus once in awhile. As for big play outs very far an few. I have played this game for over 6 yrs and still haven't yet to get a jackpot", "It's SOOOO SAD that despite My enjoyment of these games, (weather playing free chips or purchased), the COMPUTER is programmed to lose them in short order. Embarrassed to admit it, I've PURCHASED chips, (albeit only during sales), which is the WORST choice I made! It seems as if when chips are bough...Full Review", "At first you win and think it's a fun game, then if you win you loose all your chips consistently. Becomes how much they can get you to buy. Don't buy, your odds are way better at a casino and you win money back. Here you just loose your money.", "I like the games on this site, as they are different from any other, and fun to play!! Addicting and easy to loose yourself while playing!! The only unpleasant part is, I find it hard to keep playing as the bonus rounds are infrequent, and you can only collect coins a few times a day, and it seems i...Full Review", "This is a bad site with many problems. No starting coins and I am scared to have this on my phone I'm back and although improvements have been made I had to spin 11x to win any thing...", "This is the worst casino game I have ever played. I never got a big pay or bonus after spending 7 millions dollars. Please do not waste your money, its a racketeering game.... sorry, deleting this app....", "game site wont let me play. keeps knocking me off internet. i have uninstalled several times thinking it needed to be updated. still having same problems. this use to be my favorite game site, but it has become very frustrating.", "Double down casino sucks. The only way to play these games is to spend money. Big ripoff. If this app is getting good reviews, these people are spending a lot of money to play them. Game still sucks. If you like to spend real money to play for fake money, have fun.", "Even though the games are fun to play the payouts are so horrible that it takes all the fun out of it. Came back to see if things were different. No they are the same assanin people running it. You play and play and they cheat you and take all you winnings. What jerks!!!!!!", "love the games... Need to work out the bugs tho... been playing this site for a couple of years and it seems at times frustrating just to get free chips etc. lately. Over all I love Double Down Casino!", "Would be more enjoyable if it didn't freeze all the time and crash. I have yet to be able to play Gephetto. Crashes just tried to use the new update. keeps ongoing ba k to the \"open\" screen.", "Awesome, Fun and Great for Years! But for about a month PROBLEMS PROMBLEMS PROMBLEMS!!! CRASHES FREEZING NOT GETTING COINS. AND EVEN COINS GONE WITHOUT PLAYING, STOPS IN THE MIDDLE OF SPINS, WON'T DOWNLOAD! WHATS GOING ON WITH MY FAVORITE GAME????", "Very addicting. Have to play every morning. keeps notifing that i need to update then i try but i dont have enough space to update. if no update cant play game. wish i could just play without any more problems. miss playing only cause i cant and dont update.once i got it fixed was so happy. love thi...Full Review", "DOUBLE DOWN HAS BEEN THROUGH A LOT OF CHANGES , THE NEW LAYOUT OF DOUBLE DOWN MAKES IT A MORE USER FRIENDLY PLACE TO PLAY. THEY HAVE MADE IT EVEN MORE AWESOME A PLACE TO PLAY. THE GAMES ARE FUN, SOMETHING FOR EVERYONE AND THE GRAPHICS ARE AWESOME. THANK YOU EVERYONE AT DD :) YOU DID WHAT I DIDN'T TH...Full Review", "The games are great, but I don't like being asked to provide my cell phone number and FB password every time I want to send gifts to friends, even though I log in through FB each time. Sketchy!!", "Does this game only download to phones? It works great on my phone but I tried downloading it to my laptop which it installed really quickly but I can't get any games to play. It just sits there and does nothing. The buttons at the top and bottom work but it won't let me click on the games or scroll...Full Review", "I'm tired of always having to update, and the app doesn't let me. Then I have to delete it, and reinstall it everytime. And then attach it to Facebook, so I get all my money and points. Surely in this day and age there is an easier way??", "it takes too long to level up and the daily free chips are far from random. They should just give you $100,000 or less daily and skip the whole wheel spin.", "I love the stars game that I play, I wish that you Had more older reel machines like it. I would like you to k now that I do not have wifi to use but you keep shutting me down, saying that I need wifi. now I can not getyour app loaded.", "This game is fantastic. I play this game about six hours a day. For some reason I don't get the bonus points. I try to get them but my phone will shut down. Can you send it to me again. thank you.", "Mostly entertaining though i've made thousands of spins on the 5x wof game and have yet to hit two 5x or wof symbols on payline. Little odd since i've done so few times in real casinos with much less effort", "doubledown casino, you are amazing. games are very addicting and e njoyable. tnx for the free chips, will always love doubledown casino. tnx for the very generous free chips again and again. trouble collecting free chips? not anymore. as easy as 1 2 3. thank you.", "Whenever you hit for a large amount then \"rate double down \" pops up and if you don't rate the game then you automatically start losing. It's hard to advance to the next level. I love piggy jackpot.", "An ok game. If you hit it big, good luck ever hitting again. It's stingy that way. That's ok because they want you to spend money for chips. Good graphics, but bad in payouts. Have fun.", "Having problems being able to play any games.  It's been stuck in a permanent loading zone and won't let me in to play. I love the games on here but very frustrated can't play!!!  Please fix!!!", "I have been playing DD for at least 15 years. I love the daily free chips. I just hit for 12 million. A very large hit. The good thing is I rarely buy any chips. TY DD for the best free casino online.", "I've had good days and I've had some terrible days on this sight. double down has the best games anywhere and they have been giving away more free chips every day.", "eats up your credits way to fast. im willing to buy chips to play if they last a while not so on this app. great machine choices though.", "Great play! Graphics are great! Spin the wheel for coins, is great. I can't put my phone down because I'm always winning. So many games to choose from. I could add my favorites games now. Thank you for adding that feature. You get 5 stars.", "I LOVE DOUBLE DOWN, I PLAY SEVERAL OF THE GAM ES AVAILABLE. BUT SOOOO DISAPPOINTED THAT TRIPLE DIAMONDS IS GONE...WHAT HAPPENED???? I NOW PLAY IT AGAIN....", "I have been a long time Doubledown player, spent lots of $$$. And BONUSES SUCK! AND RED DIAMOND MEMBERSHIP MEANS NOTHING WHEN DAILY SPINS BECAUSE YOU DON'T EVER GET A HUGE SPIN. BULLSH****", "Very hard to win, good times are far and few between. No matter how many chips you have they just wither away rapidly. Lately DD gives you a chance at more chips but takes them away twice as fast. Game sucks ! Really sucks!", "I love the games, but the screen is way too sensitive. When I try to scroll through the games it opens whatever game I touch trying to scroll. Even when I try to avoid games they still open. Frustrating.", "Its fun , however, if u ever receive the big wheel special dont get excited. Everytime i get it i hit play and it NEVER works. Play is just so so nowadays.", "They could let you win a bit more often. I don't get to play as much as I would like. Not enough free coins. But I play it every day.. still enjoying", "These games are fun to play! I am disappointed that you don't win more often though and bigger amounts, especially when betting high", "it's been pretty good, wish I would have a bit better luck at times. \ud83d\ude0a I feel disappointed when I get the extra boosters after purchasing chips the bonuses could be a bit better and on the friends gift also. Have never hit a high bonus ever on a friend gift. I do miss jackpot happy hour for Pixies ...Full Review", "The In Bloom and Samutra Storm are my favorites.Sumautran Storm pays better than Siberian Storm. And I really like t we to me, at least, Cats by z Dogs 7z a lot of fun.", "im, having problems loading up DoubleDown casino's that I had on my phone I don't get any more females or anything it took me all the way back down to 10 on my new phone can you please update me and allow my DoubleDown to continuel", "I love Lucky Lobstermania 2. There are exciting graphics, which make it fun to play...It is a fun way to relax. I have real tasks to do--But I look forward to playing & laughing @ Lucky Larry's comments during the Bonus.....", "Out of all the apps this is my favourite. Unlike the other apps it takes 24 hrs before more cash rewards are available. That's the one thing I definitely hate about it. I'm sure this can be updated so that's available.", "Love it. Highly recommended as I look forward each time I get home to play. Big win! awesome gaming. wish Texas Tea wild card would work for any lines and icon.", "I love it like playing in casino but need more bonuses. My #1 game still love it but getting cheap on daily points and I play every day, but only last 2 minutes makes me want to go to the casino. Still love. White Orchard is #1. Need more bonus' and more points in bonus games", "I still have a few glitches like not being able to get friends spins but other then that and the child not lasting too long(which is usually what happens in the real casino) I love it.", "sorry, since the last update, can't play. keeps shutting down. frustrating.", "My favorite game \ud83c\udfae app. This is so much fun. \ud83d\ude0estill my favorite casino. I love most of the slot games in this casino also. Super fun!!! Has alot of the same games as the real casino's has.", "I really have a good time plq and ing even on days like today where I dont play long. Just wait for next 4fun game hrs....time to get housework done..lol...always a good time. short or long plays..fun", "can't load the app something is wroung on your end please help me i love ddc im addicted to it please fix the problem im sorry it was on my end my WiFi wasn't w orking i do owe you and appology and rate ypu with 5 stars", "love ddc for like 10 yrs or more but what happened to the leprechaun s n the pot of gold or the hyennas or the fourth of july game n why do you not have the Oregon lottery or a version like oregon lotterys flush feaver or frenzy game can not find a free flush frenzy any where please please begging y...Full Review", "some days good some days bad. can't figure out shy when i change games it kicks me off. and times it spins real slow", "cant hardly stop playing, when i have credits. just love this game. i havent been playing long,but i just dont want to stop. love the wins, and all the graphics. anyone will have lots of fun.", "Hours of fun. Lots of great games. New games often. All around fun. Good times. Monster Wins. Tons of games to chose from. Lots of fun. Alot of free coins daily. WARNING THESE GAMES ARE FUN AND ADDICTIVE. A great 10 minute Reality Break. ADDICTIVE. TOO COOL.", "seems slightly better than before. thought I would gotten a birthday bonus for my 65th today...been playing since your onset, years ago, and never a jackpot!", "It's very hard to win..constantly gotta wait till nxt day to play again, and that super aggravating.", "The best Casino games there is! Payout great, and always generous with their flash giveaway free chips! still the best games. DDC keeps getting better and better", "The best casino game. On Facebook. Can't say enough good comments about it. Love it! Graphics are fantastic! I feel like i am in a live casino!", "You have so many of my favorite games that no other website has. I just wish I could win more money so I could play longer and raise my bets. I can't afford to buy chips or I would on your site. but you need to work the bugs out of your sight. when I go to switch games the screen goes black and it c...Full Review", "The game steals your chips!!!!!!!! I had $760,0000 took one spin where I betted $1,000,000 my chips dropped down to $76,000 I was furious!!!. I contacted customer service and they said maybe I miscalculated. Instead of compensating my account they played me like a fool and I don't appreciate it.", "find myself on this site often. favorite pasttime...", "Lame payouts for such a high minimum bet. No incentive to purchase coin packages. Who wants to throw their money away? Not me!", "Just went 22 spins without a single payout. not fun at all. okay, paying much better and I really appreciate the extra coins you give out. where are the bonus and payouts if you bet higher?", "Games lose all of the time so you can never build up your balance. Almost never get the bonuses.", "It's a little frustrating when your playing double down and the game stops and tells y3to e boot because time expires.", "best online casino games ever. Payouts have been cut back over the past few months but well worth the play time. Best damn game out there!", "Unless you purchase coins/chips you won't get to play very much, just like most slots apps!! No social interaction other than them showing you how much OTHER PEOPLE are winning!!", "Fun games. Some games are. Tight gift card not working .gift card don't work. Does not matter what you pick. Pay been set. Finally a few days later let's me play .", "your games are hard to win but I love the fairy game it took fifteen million dollars last night without a win", "bad in 4 days not one bonus and at one time had 1300000. I am very disappointed in this game", "Fun games but no winning. Persistent on buying coins to play. Horrible.", "I love playing these games! Excellent graphics, just like the real slots machine! Would like bonus free spins feature more often, though.", "I am addicted to this game! I love it! Wish that I could have more than three friends gift me per day!", "Today I pay to buy a credit to play and it took my money and I didn't see any credits in my account. SCAM", "I really enjoy this app but at times it stops working and that's annoying. I hope that the problem can be corrected.", "you do realize that this is supposed to be a free game. why would I spend real money. if you don't even get a play with bonus money. do you think that we should throw good money after fake money.", "still unable to collect free chips on some offers. I feel I am unable to play the games to the fullest without all of the free chips", "The game has gotten much slower and not as much fun as well. In addition, the free spins don't allow much a playback.", "Have been playing this Casino game for years and really love it!! When enjoying casino's, may they be Nevada casinos or local Indian Casino's, I love to play Lucky Larry and Lobster Larry both and am always lucky and do well. So imagine my excitement to find Lobster Larry right here in this game.", "I love playing double down but other case cinco give u money every hour sometime u only get 65,000 or 85,000 that is nothing maybe 5 or times to spin I've been playing wolf run for 6 years and have never won a big big jack pot", "I love these games. Sometimes they aren't user friendly. But, that's why it's called gambling. \ud83d\ude0a", "Love the variety of games, my favorites. Could give more hits and bonuses! Still love this game site!", "IT'S A GOOD GAME AND I LOVE IT # BUT IT DON'T PAY TO WELL LOSEN THE MACHINE #THANK YOU", "best casino game I've ever played. Daily bonus and payouts ... Exelent! still haven't stopped playing", "I LOVE DOUBLEDOWN CASINO. WATCHHING THE REELS GO ROUND AND ROUND AS MY STRESS GOES AWAY. GREAT ENTERTAINMENT.", "I am having so much fun, i have coins to keep me going for awhile. Thank you.\ud83d\ude00", "came back 7 days and spun $58,000!! not very good spins to start playing for return guests", "The app load is slow, the game load is slower, and the casino Frederic is annoying,...btit the game's have great pay-out if you have the time. I love the games, so I will probably un-install after a few games that are available now. I do like the site. I just don't t have the time to wait this long.", "Great fun. love the new games that come out all the time. great to pass the time. Need more friends that play daily. Thanks for the free chips.", "My ONLY complaint is that the 7 days of spins on the 7.99 sale are VERY MENIAL & CALCULATED TO BE SO!", "payouts to low, don't give you enough to get into game before you run out of coins", "Just like playing at the casino. Love it.some win more than others always enjoyable buy 20.00 a month, well worth the entertainment", "It's fun to win more often! We loose enough in the real casinos. Loosen Up ... lol \ud83d\ude04", "davinci diamonds froze every time I was supposed to get a win. I had 3 wins on the day of the last contest and at least one the next day and did not receive any bonus at all on the last several days.", "Really tired of trying to get on games and only having 5% of the game loads.Trying to report it but not finding a way to do it.Anyone else having this prolbem?updated on Feb 7 cannot get any chips that are posted on Facebook", "I am so tired of fighting to play this stupid game, and every time I hit a jackpot on big blast and it was supposed to let me pick a special for the game, I'm beating on my phone picking my choice but it never registers I'm hating this site", "I don't get the million free chips. it gives nothing so your ad is a big lie.", "been playing for many years and have never won anything big. daily spins and friends gifts usually doesn't ever amount to much. I like dd but can never play for very long.", "So much fun. Big jackpots keep you coming back for more. New exciting variety of games. Come play with me!", "The game will not give any credits no bonus coins", "You claimed that I would receive free chips if I allow notifications, so I did, and STILL it is not working. So no more notifications!", "doubledown seems to be the best casino app available, if others are better please do tell", "Very Few bonuses and lots of buy chips ads. If you want to play for more than a minute bet small. Winnings are few and far between. Very frustrating when a million only last 2 mins.", "For three days it has messd up! yougot to play one day then go thru whole process to play then goes back to home screen still on a bonus round. Sick of it", "The same thing has happened over and over,i can't collect the bonuses, I have gone to the Facebook fan page and it says it posted 15 min. ago and it still won't let me use it.", "im playing the Ellen slot right now but it froze before i could play the bonus. It took me a long time to finally get it too. Crazy! Can you fix this? Please & thank you \ud83d\ude0a", "These are great games!! Very close to the real casino experience. There is good variety in the games. I like the fact that they don't lock the majority of their games. They are open for even the new comers. They make it a challenge which I love. Would recommend to everyone!! Try it......you will enj...Full Review", "This app gets a zero rating. IT tells me that my game has been fixed yet I still can not get my coins or even the game to appear.", "I get notifications for free coins then I click it and it says game load failed and the coins have gone! This happens every time since the last update.", "So many times I go to redeem my chips, and I click on it, and it says \"reload game\", once I reload it, I am no longer able to collect those chips. It is very frustrating as this happens to me ALL the time.", "When I updated late last week, my consecutive days reset to 1 & my friends bonus went away & it shows zero friends, I had 16 or 17 before the forced update.", "doesnt alway play right. doesnt spin well. needs more bonuses. sucks the coins right out of you. daily spins suck.nope, never did get my 30 million chips", "fantastic , wonderful , they have cool games and i would recomand this app to everyone , and i love the fact you get an option to play as a guest instead of going threw face book , i have people stealing my coins and it sucks i try to play max bet and those ass holes steal my points there going thre...Full Review", "The games are the best.  Coins don't last long though.  Too bad.", "The best slots, if you would add SUPER CHERRY ADD SUPER CHERRY AND I'LL ADD MONEY....Add SUPER CHERRY,,,add super cherry", "My favorite casino of all. Favorite casino games but I really miss the old tournament rooms and tournaments! Bring back the Tourneys!!", "The app self uninstalled and now I am playing as a guest I have lost all my friend credit my 25 day credit and all of my points", "Always my favorite games all the time thanks. Still like double down but need more points please. Thanks for the points makes my day. Hard to win but still trying liked Friday when some games were amended to previous spins.", "more frequent free coins would make this app better. once a day is not enough. I do really like the variety of games though.", "Unhappy with once a day points, only get 1,0000 then a day them their gone still to low points in 24 hours, very disappointing.", "Doubledown is my favorite game to play but disappoited that i can't seem to win very often . would appricate more wins so i could play more. Thank you for being able to play the games at least for a while each day.", "The only thing I dont like is the length of time to level up, I'm on 13 still for about 8 years now.\ud83e\udd14", "The new fixes still don't work. Still not getting bonus points from notices. New update just now no change.", "I love Double Down I've been playing it for years if I ever have a problem I just send an email and it is taken care of I really appreciate their help keep up the good work", "Low coins. they need to increase the coins. this is ridiculus $2.99 for 300,000 and $7.99.for 900.000. and the pay outs is poor. and order to get a free spins i need to waste all my coins..", "hard to get it to start up. very slow.stays at connecting and loading way to long", "wins are still not consistent enough. I HATE HAPPY hour....loss everythin...hit nothing ever. the 25 free spend was a real surprise...thanks...more please. Also...never win extra token contest....ever!!!!", "hi, great games and graphics your coin specials are skimpy can't you give more coins for the money after all you get it all back from lack of payouts and bonuses thanks", "play goes by fast. fun games. too expensive to buy coins", "has put a virus on my phone everytime I go to play a game it restarts my phone I've never had a problem with dd till recently it's the only game app that does this so its ur app I've factory restarted my phone a few times n it still does it I love dd it's my favorite slots to play but recently slow ...Full Review", "recently lost all my 25 free spins and the money for the bonus when the game shut down for no reason....hope the upgrade fixes this .....it was on the new slot game", "hate the way they cheat you out of your free points.", "No Bonus. I played over a million dollars, betting $12,500 and never got the bonus. I will never play real money bcuz there playing wins are terrible.", "Love DDC, but would like to see the slots pay out a little more often, but still my favorite slot games, and have been for years. more like a real casino then any other. love DDC!", "One of the best online gaming experiences. I wish that the games were not geared for such high limits... Hard to win credits. Used to be easy, but something changed.", "I love to play Double Down , my favorite game is Larry the Lobster , fun games , something for everyone . Good job guys / gals !!!", "all my other games load right up but double down loads super slow", "I had rated it higher but I am not happy any more I found another game to play with out spending my own money like I have with this game. I am leaving the game.", "they sometimes take your money and give you nothing. Dailey complaints are ignored and your money is stolen", "good app would of got great and got 4stars , sometimes some of the games run very slow, why do we have to wait sooo long to get free coins", "always interupts everytime with wifi disConnected oh! did i mention only this app does this!!! Very ANNOYING!!!!", "Double Down is the only free casino I play. Have had others, but uninstalled them. I have one game I especially enjoy and though I occasionally will play others on Double Down, I always go back to Treasures of Troy. I have recommended Double Down to friends and relatives. 5 star in my books!", "the games R fun- but I dont like constant messages I do bussiness on this phone 2 cant have it going off all the time.", "Double Dawn is SICK!! My favorite game is \"TEXAS TEA\". It is so much fun!!", "unable to access app. Game will not come in most of the time.", "game has been freezing on my tablet there are two games that i won a bonus in and the game froze just as it was paying my bonus and the games are frozen now i love double down casino but im beginning to love it less because of this problem i have to keep reopening the app to keep playing i have had ...Full Review", "I've played this game for yrs, and its become a JOKE!", "I like playingcasino games slots stinky rich and other double down slots at real casinos", "YOU GUYS ROCK! THANK YOU more free coins please. \ud83d\ude03", "It's been over a year since I first gave DD Casino a 5-star rating and I'm STILL playing and loving it. Only Casino Game I've kept on my tablet.", "high roller casino is terrible. all I ever do is lose lots of money", "Not really feeling g any wi s, but it is a good time killer.", "I will tell you that I had to get a new phone so i had to start Double Down all over and since i restarted it i have really had a great time with it and give it 5 out of 5 stars!!! Im still having a great time with it,,, great time!!!", "Not enough bonuses and/or jackpots. Games always cold", "your never by yourself when you msy really be the fun times are just a spin away", "TERRIBLE GAMES. NO WINS IN THE FREE GAMES. GOT 3 ZEROES IN A ROW!", "Always keeps me stress-free. Addictive.", "I been playing this casino for 4 yrs now, i love it but i feel i don't get enough bonus to keep building my coins even when i buy.", "This game is so very fun. The selection of the so many games to play keeps you entertained for hours. Hive it a try. BELIEVE ME, YOU WON'T BE SORRY. GOOD LUCK.", "Pharaoh's Fortune great game. Love playing that game.  You can win big or just lose it all!", "I love playing it but it's very hard to win, bonuses could be mire often the best game ever made is there a genuine game makes you feel good playing it", "I think Kitty Glitter is a blast, win like mad.All the games on DDC are amazing , this has been and will be my favorie casino for a very long time!!", "It's fake money and you don't win! Guess that's like the real casinos though...", "Love the graphics, fun to play, wish I could win more so I could play longer! Has several games on there that I like! Need to give more on daily free coins though", "I'm not receiving the correct amount of chips when i hit on the $1000.00 & $3000.00 all the times", "is been logging me out and hasnt been working right wish i could give 0 stars for rating and still after update facebook free coins dont work", "excellent Game App, Love all the games and when i go to las vegas with my dear friend lewis staford we play theses games alot and the last two times i was there i convince him to switch to max bet because the odds of wining are greater , yes you can loose but why did you go in the first place ! to h...Full Review", "Love all the various WOF games. The games get better and better!", "game is too tight. no other game I play gives sooooo few points and only one time per day. somestimes I hit the button up to 25 times before I get 400 points, well guess what I cannot play any longer that day. today you were very generous with 500 points, thank you. I am a lady age in the 80's so I ...Full Review", "Love the game best game i have played look forward to playing the game in the morning thank you", "Ilove play Double Diamond it my favorit game on here i lose more than i win but is a great way to pass time just love playing the games", "This site has MY most LOVED games!!! THX.I am having the best time of my life!!!\ud83d\ude01These games are old school!!! THE BEST!!!\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\udc91\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4dFun!Fun!Fun!THX'SFUN!FUN!FUN!", "I enjoy playing everyday after work helps me relax after a hard day", "why does connestion lost always shows up when i play doubledown casino", "disgusting cheating way you run this game read the email i sent about it", "I don't get the free coins daly. most games are really good.", "winning spins are far and few between. I play a lot of slots in casinos and they are not nearly as tight as these are. this is supposed to be for entertainment, but when you constantly dont win, there is no entertainment.", "this is an awesome game everyone should download it and start winning jackpots it's so much fun it seems like the fun never ends thank you Double Down Casino", "Difficult to get upgrade on. I hope it's OK now. THANX DOUBLEDOWN !!", "We are enjoying the game and play it every day. at times it is a money pit and does not seem to pay well if you just use fre spins.", "I love Double Down slots its alot of fun an great bonuses an big wins an great animations affects. An very entertaining. Love everything about Double Down Slots :)", "favorite casino games but always go offline only on this casino", "I used to get 1,000,000 a month for my level. I used to get 1 to 4 million every 3 to 4 weeks. i don't get those anymore, it's been going down hill.", "I really like the originality of the slots like double diamond games. I would like to see a better winning percentage though. sometimes I think the odds are better at a real casino, other than that i like the games I play.", "love this game thanks for the extras.thanks again, love early win. this new game is fab, as entertaining as lightning links.glad I'll be able to access bonus, still my favorite games."], "Fruit Ninja\u00ae": ["OMG THIS GAME IS AWWWSSSSOOOME! I LOVE IT ALL THE WAY! I DONT KNOW WHY ANYONE WOULD NOT LIKE THIS GAME!!! I LOOOOVE THE GRAPHICS,THE FRUIT CUTTING I JUST LOOVE THE GAME! Oh yeah you might be reading this asking yourself why is a grown man writing this? Well im not the legend that WAS in a AWSOME ban...Full Review", "It was working great at first, but I couldn't recover my old profile because the system was messed up or something, so I had to start all over. It then started freezing on me because it couldn't handle my awsomeness when it came to playing the arcade mode. Really irritating.", "I love this game and I'm not a gamer but since being awarded the GhostBusters blade is crashed 8 times over the last two games. Sad to say it's making me not want to play anymore.", "This game was good and ran fine I loved it until this update changed the game and it is now laggy and bugy (also stutters). The new update itself is bad, introducing new characters and \"challenges\". I can't see why they would change an such an iconic game. If it isnt broken dont fix it.", "Really fun to play. It's been making my galaxy S7 lock up, though. The screen goes black and phone won't work. Just if game is open not always playing it", "I like the games cool game. Ich thing and I like cutting the fruit when I'm angry girl girl", "tooooooo stressful. can't anyone make a game that is fun and stress free for people with high stress lives so we can just relax for a while?", "I have Been playing this game since i was in second grade. Now i am in 8th grade and i have so many memories of playing this with my friends and all of them wanting a turn to play on my tablet. i really love this game and support it 100% thanks for being in my childhood.", "What the actual... What happened to the old Fruit Ninja? There's only one option to play 'Classic Mode' or none. Until you beat it you can move up levels.. ridiculous. I've had this game for 4+ years and I absolutely LOVED it now I'm just ashamed of this update.", "i uses to love and still love this game when i used to compete with family and friends and ive got alot of memories with this game and also i do 100%reccomend playing this game its very addictive", "This is a great game and I last downloaded it a few years ago, and it's really improved since then. I especially like the mini-games and hopefully game will stay good and improve (though I'm not sure how it could improve haha) very happy \ud83d\ude00", "this is such a fun game!! i have played it since I was 5 yrs old when I was playing in my dad's phone! I love It! it might seem simple glad you just chop fruits but the makers managed to add the satisfaction and fun to It!!", "it's good but it hasn't levels. after unlocking all the options it seems boring! \ud83d\ude10in the beginning it's fun and enjoyable \ud83c\udf49\ud83c\udf4a\ud83c\udf4b\ud83c\udf4c\ud83c\udf4d\ud83c\udf4e\ud83c\udf4f\ud83c\udf50\ud83c\udf52\ud83c\udf53\ud83e\udd17", "A couple of games I played on fruit ninga it cept calling me a bomb lover when I didn't even touch any bomb U need to fix that problem so can u do that if u can please \ud83e\udd14\ud83e\udd14\ud83e\udd14\ud83e\udd14\ud83e\udd14\ud83d\ude22\ud83d\ude22\ud83d\ude22\ud83d\ude22\ud83d\ude22\ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude08\ud83d\ude08\ud83d\ude08\ud83d\ude08\ud83d\ude08\ud83e\udd2c\ud83e\udd2c\ud83e\udd2c\ud83e\udd2c\ud83e\udd2c\ud83d\ude44\ud83d\ude44\ud83d\ude44\ud83d\ude44\ud83d\ude44\ud83d\ude36\ud83d\ude36\ud83d\ude36\ud83d\ude36\ud83d\ude36\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e", "this was my favoite game when i was in first grade but now im in 6th and it has alot off memorys and is still my favoite games\u2764\u2764\u2764", "Deleting because the game got rid of every single one of my token in the events tab. I had like 2000 because I was saving up and they disappeared. What the heck fruit ninja?", "It's a really fun game, it crashes ever 4 games though. kinda annoying.", "I am not sure what the problem is with this game, but there are too many ads, and every five minutes the app will crash and the screen goes black.", "It did not start easy every time it would put a bomb infront of the fruit so i can lose.", "if u don't have is game what are u dong if your life get it now", "I like this game, but every time I would play it would crash and take me back to my home screen.", "i dont understand why in every game there is at least one person wining about ads. this game is awesome", "I always get hungry with this app everytime I play this I just grab a fruitbowl and play it", "Nice time pass but can be more better if starfruit and goldapples will not been required to play challenge and mini games", "Everytime I load the Game, I get stuck on a gray screen. Help me please.", "I cant open it!!!Please fix this problem as soon as possible.", "a great time killer. I always enjoy playing when I'm bored it's nice great", "Great graphics, love the sound effects, I've always been a fan of this type of game, so 5 \u2728 from me.", "it is the best game ever no ga.e is better then frut ninga thank for making this game \ud83d\ude01", "I am so sorry but I'm disappointed", "I gave it 4 stars because its fun, challenging,entertaining in this play store", "Its totally amazing and addicting.I just love the game , and graphics are awesome \ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\udc9f", "ads are intrusive and make the game a worthless piece of content.", "The Ghostbuster blade is not working. it happened before. anyone else having this issue?", "this is nice Fruit Ninja game this is playing I like are you will like this game play for free", "What happened to daily events, have you guys completely abandoned this game", "This game is so cool Everybody should try it The greatest thing about this is that it can be played by everyone ,everyone\ud83d\ude0d\ud83e\udd29\ud83d\ude18", "I like cutting the fruits when I am in angry", "i got the the game and when i opened it it didn't do anything id rather play mafia city", "ive gkt it on my xbox kinect its very good!!! download it", "it was a pretty. fun game, but there is not really a point to it", "It's been years now and I still like this game :D", "Fruit Ninja is okay, but boring", "0 it was bad it stayed on loading for about 2mins", "I remember playing when I was a little kid I'm getting this so I can play it again after a long time :) \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "i hate this game i want it to be a one player game", "this game is so intresting and to nice but sometime it is boring\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude05", "I is amazing. l just love this game.", "It is pretty boring and isn't as fun as expected, but the graphics are pretty good.", "Its a very good game i love it", "i request halfbrick to now make a new version for ninja", "It helps me get constrained it so satisfying and it funnnnn!!!", "Doesn't support full screen mode on my Galaxy S8", "can you make 10 fruti ninja games", "its simply a way 2 pass time", "i just love it i have had it with all my phones and i love it", "gtrjuytrewq124ertyyffsetyrthjiyrhkhgk fruit cutting games uploaded Fruit Cut Fruit Cut game", "Fruit Ninja its so cool", "This is a very good game..I love Dis game\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18", "good game a little glitch but thats it", "One of the best games in the world great game", "nice but not amazing much", "it gliches omg it so bad", "soooo fun i love this game you should play this it is perfect for when your bored", "Very nice but I won't satisfied", "i love the game is good \ud83d\udc4c", "One of the best games ever", "i love the game but it keeps glitching..", "slow and doesn't load", "Relaxing and fun when you are stressed.", "I think it's a good idea to the game", "it's the best app game ever \ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83c\udf80\ud83c\udf80", "tyra.todd. briannathomas tyytttty tyt5ttyfyftt", "It's so good.", "Sindhi kandhkot best record 2880", "i like it this game and so fun~! ^_^ , :D", "it is a good game you should dallit", "it is a very good game l like this", "V nice game more improvement", "anger girl as dien ^_^\ud83d\ude08\ud83d\ude08\ud83d\ude08\ud83d\ude08", "this is nothing like the OG fruit ninja when it comes to unlocking stuff what happened to the good old days", "Nice game indian second nice game", "\u098f\u0987 \u098f\u0987 \u098f\u0987 \u09af\u09c7 \u09af\u09c7 \u09ac\u09b2\u099b\u09cb \u0995\u0996\u09a8 \u0987\u09af \u09b6", "super game in world", "it is a very good games lots of love James", "omg i like a game", "It is so good to play with you\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a", "i can't get the leaderboards to load", "I love cuting fruit when I get sad", "I like this game!", "Im almost in level 14! :)", "great experience and great control", "it has good things in and easy to use", "hh ib highschool", "Superb super super super....", "it is the best game I have ever experienced", "its a very enjoyable game", "I LOVE THE game and when I got the App my life changed great App", "plying this game before", "scratched my screen", "reg my mom was 8AM", "Og fan since 2011", "a this game is really easy for babies and for kids\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00", "i like this game", "this is a great game fun and great time killer", "very interesting game", "I like game", "this game is a memorible game from my childhood\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\udd7a\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83c\uddee\ud83c\uddf3", "i like because it is close to chad wild cay", "Ebony. Kye", "liked the gameplay", "it's a fantastic game i love it so much!!!", "a v good game i liked it very much", "-ii like this game..", "igrica je sranje", "ok needs worked on", "mast nice games", "i love it it is so much good i love it i love love it", "best app ever", "mad game", "Had it before and loved it", "It is verrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrry nice game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "OK ko ko OK ok", "I love this newest version", "it is stealth mode", "Ninja animals\ud83d\udc0d\ud83d\udc05", "I love fruit ninja hiya\ud83c\udf49\ud83c\udf4a\ud83c\udf48\ud83c\udf47\ud83c\udf4e\ud83c\udf52\ud83c\udf53\ud83c\udf52\ud83c\udf49\ud83c\udf49\ud83c\udf49\ud83c\udf49\ud83c\udf49\ud83c\udf49\ud83c\udf49\ud83c\udf4f\ud83c\udf4f\ud83c\udf4f\ud83c\udf4f\ud83c\udf4f\ud83c\udf4f\ud83c\udf4f\ud83c\udf4f\ud83c\udf4f", "super game", "it is slow as hell", "good!!", "veryyyyyy6yy nice", "Gudi", "kiydikisha", "fruit Ninja", "stereos 15", "very very nice game i like this game so much this is nice game download this game", "I\ud83d\udc9bIT", "me and my family love the game its fun amazing and its a fun way to spend with people and it a eazy way to take your minds off of things that are making it hard. \ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b...Full Review", "kill me", "Best game ever", "this looks very fun", "very good game", "1 slice is fun", "best relaxing game", "very active game", "vey good time passing game", "stopping in middle", "gameplay sucks", "i am very exited \u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764", "E Ed", "Super Fan", "Jou ha", "Pretty good!", "XD", "it good lad", "osm", "i loved it but i forgot how to play a", "good job", "awesomeness \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0e", "Nice game", "This game will be great", "I love this game", "wertwiazr", "uuh", "it's great fun", "not bad", "\u064a\u0648\u0633\u0641", "awesome game", "it is a cool game", "nice app", "really good", "fruity ecperience", "the ads", "super", "best game ever which i played is the best", "I love fruit ninja", "never", "good job", "awdome", "fruitninja", "it is op", "pigs", "woof", "\u1794\u1784\u1792\u17c6", "Super \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "arman", "ok", "bekarr", "very good recreation", "good and cool game", "very interesting game", "nice game", "it could be better", "good game", "it is very good", "its nice", "awesome thanks", "good game", "good graphics", "very fun"], "Skillz - Logic Brain Games": ["i had high hopes for this game but everything is time based. logic brain games need to be more thought based. i want to relax, take my time and solve challenging problems using logic and abstract thought... not show how fast i can do monkey tasks", "killer app only one small thing.. if you are gunna test me on speed reaction timing things like that...tell me how fast i was! I play this and share with my dad but we cant tell who was fater cause there is no indicator but the stars. otherwise great job love it", "Too many ads, but you can buy the 'no ads' option for $1.99. Also, so far up to level 33, everything is time based, somtimes it can be difficult to use logic in 15 seconds or less. And, I've been trying to earn brains, and (conveniently) the videos will not load for me to watch. Is this your gimmick...Full Review", "This app has some anoying bugs. I just played lvl 112 and got all 5 stars. it told me I just unlocked lvl 112 & 113, but I cant play either of them even when i just finished lvl 112!", "I'm only giving this 1 star to get the developer's attention. I will change it later. I actually frickin LOVE and HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME!! My issue is, I can't do level 37 because it says to tilt the phone to move the ball but when I tilt my phone, NOTHING HAPPENS!! I'm on a Samsung Galaxy S5. P...Full Review", "great! even my grands enjoy it and think its fun and challenging!. until level 16 The game was wonderfull and challenging but I am getting frustrared and thatsnot fun. but I like the fact there r very little interruptions.", "After fixing many of the bugs in the latest updates including incorrect placement of ads the application has become much more enjoyable. Well done to the developers for taking feedback into consideration!", "Lots of bugs, you tap correct, it says opps. There was a challenge of descending order, and after 17 there was literally no 16. Just 15. Pressed 15 and its wrong. Lots of bugs.", "decent app has ability to be challenging yet still entertaining enough to keep someone's interest, only issue in accomplishing this is , when unable to complete a level (area of weakness or extreme challenge) Leaving an inability to move forward in skill tests with out passing the one that seems dif...Full Review", "This game is very awesome it stimulates many functions of the brain. However the game is loaded and will take a long time for people to make good progress. Thus, i suggest that a user profile be made that will save user progress and allow users can log in even when loose their phones, data or the ap...Full Review", "I suffered a brain injury and unlike Luminosity, I can actually understand and complete tasks. it makes me feel good and the different challenges help me in all ways. thanks!", "So many, different, challenging and enjoyable short games. Not too easy yet not too difficult. A good Brain training and a healthy way to spend your free time.", "i am going to uninstall it coz of 1 reason.- tht is\" evry stage when going to complete last answer ,it shows -oops wrong answer. even if its right. hav to play tht stage again for next level. ther is no point to play again what we already completed. bye.", "i get stuck at times.makes u realise how ur brain can be fooled.things arent always what they seem to be.said alice. great for us old folks.", "A brilliant game. Contains various types of brain test including colours. Ads are annoying but ofcourse the app is free.", "would like to skip the red cards section. it takes more patience than brain power. it's not rewarding enough for me to keep playing", "Tricky , witty, and lots of fun! Had to force myself to go to bed or I would have been up all night playing it.", "AWESOME DIFFERENT FROM THE TYPICAL GAME PLAY IT ACTUALLY ENGAGES REAL BRAIN CELLS. VERY CHALLENGING AND MAKES ME THINK. LOVE IT. TIME TO USE YOUR NOODLES LADIES AND GENTLEMEN !!", "I had been playing it since last 15 days. It seems to be really tough to beat the time barrier. You have to be very quick.", "Best thing I've downloaded in awhile! I love that i'm \"exercising\" my brain.... it's very fun and I'm always excited to see what's next!", "I don't enjoy speed games. I prefer to puzzle things out at a leisurely pace. Getting the answer should be its own reward, not how many seconds it took.", "just install this app its very effective for both children and adults . its make ur brain work and let you think logically , best app for logical skills \ud83d\ude0a\u270c\ufe0f\ud83d\udda4", "Excellent challenges for cognitive, vision, concentration, coordination, focus, memory, etc. MUCH better than the popular brain apps you have to pay for! I am actually challenged by each level and all of them are useful and fun.", "I am addicted to this game. Some easy to claer but some need more time to master. :D", "Pretty Cool! I like wasting time sharpening my mind! ( perfect use of an oxymoron)", "Frustrating for us old-timers. Too unforgiving at higher levels for anyone who does not posses the reaction skills of a 12yr old.", "If you have colour vision problems don't bother downloading.", "i love this app it's good for the brain, i want to do the \"multiplayer\" but we have to go to the play store to go then i was wondering what settings it is not the settings app it said so what settings bacuse it said it was at the play store.", "Great way to pass time and test your brain. only in early stages, but I'm excited to get deeper into the levels.", "Great brain, hand, eye coordination work. Try it first thing in the morning to get your brain going.", "addictive .good. I wish there was a way for players to take more time if they want too.(l am nearly 80 years old).", "Fun, and if it at all helps cognitive function (which I think it does, especially compared to some drival time wasting phone apps), it is well worth it.", "It's cool and it's like a mental pressups No matter how smart you think you are it will put you to the test. If you like challenges skillz WILL put you to the test", "fun! quick! it'll keep you on your toes!...could it help anxiety?...not sure yet", "i like the challenge. i have not had the chance ro play often. i am liking working brain muscles.", "it's so awesome regaining your mental skills. I really love the tricks they play on. im so glad I found this.", "it's a genius game... i have tried hard for level 4. it's really making me thinking hard \ud83d\ude0c\ud83d\ude0c\ud83d\ude0c", "fascinating game, a great way to exercise your brain.", "love it. easy yet challenging. fun yet frustrating! i love it!! Definitely one of my faves. Absolutely worth downloading.", "It's ok but some of the games don't give you enough time.", "Really its awesome game, normally i am not playing game but its so awesome, its increase ur mind freshness and happiness by your skill, Thank u whi made this.", "nice app, quite challenging...but always have to go back to the round 1 to start again instead of re-starting the present round.", "If you suck at one level you can't skip to the next. That sucks", "good game lots of brains at start now at level 105. brain getting less .", "just the workout my car needs after being in a severe accident--\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\udc4dTY", "Bahut hi badia app h jisne bhi banaya h usme kitna dimag hoga\ud83d\ude32", "great games. a bit challenging but thats what our brains need. Challenges.", "I love this game....its is just amazing this is amazing because you get more skills in brain and many interesting game.", "kept crashing after login. haven't played game. deleting and moving on.", "this is sooooooo awesome. I never knew I could do this stuuf before! AMAZING!\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude2e\ud83d\ude33\ud83d\udc4f.", "very Good game.The way they have designed some levels is just daunting.", "LOADS of ads. Long ads. Jumps about when you get answer wrong. Uninstalling", "very mind taxing it really pushes you sometiems.", "love it has me wanting more every level it keeps me on my toes I'm inlove could do without so many ads.", "its an amazing game with real action of brain.... I sense my systeme on my head reanimation to blank systeme.... I will pass all to all my skills.... to prove for all..... all you can.... must you can... this was mean enjoy......", "the game lags on speed games which in turn makes the player score less and they dont get the adequate stars to move to the next level.", "good experience but only thing is unwanted ads...", "it stinks, no real brain teasers", "don't like timer. too fast i can't improve", "it is very good and interesting game And please create a new game by maths peoblems", "i love the games, very unique and well thought of. could be better if there are good tips on how to solve the puzzles. devs deserve their ads.", "very boring and I don't know what the game", "love this. actually a worthy waste of time. lol", "not as good as other brain games", "love it very challenging and good for the brain", "just started playing but really enjoy; had fun till about level 25 then becomes impossible", "it's mind excersize game I am feeling mind refreshing", "good games to challenge the brain but not a brain trainer.", "The real test of intelligence in this \"game\" is not being manipulated into making micro purchases after hitting a pay wall.", "It's is very useful game for concentration and increasing for presence of mind", "Definitely challenges my brain as my mind has to work at a fast pace to keep up before the time is up. :-)", "OMG this game improves the level.of focusing a very much...pretty excited when entering onto the next level..addicted...", "Pretty challenging since the levels increase in difficulty within the current position and as you go further in the game.", "Its an interesting game to improve your brain skills and that too it's an offline game soo no need to worry about ur net.", "It's useful to developed the mind and there is a no wastage of time it's good that playing PUBG and wasting time.", "fun, frustrating at times but entertaining. Got both partner and son to play along", "Giving stars is good. But if it would add ranking among all users for stages, that would me it more competitive.", "its really hard but me and my mum have fun doing them x", "very but not easy to me", "It challenges a lot of skills.", "already has my brain thinking", "Fun to play you have to watch commericals but no big deal. Still fun.", "Its a good brain developer game...it make u more concentrated.", "very entertaining and makes you think QUICKLY.", "nice game requires heavy brain work", "this game tests your memory,its great", "a great brain game with a variety of games to keep the mind active.", "\u0e44\u0e14\u0e49\u0e17\u0e14\u0e25\u0e2d\u0e07\u0e2b\u0e25\u0e32\u0e22\u0e46\u0e14\u0e49\u0e32\u0e19 \u0e14\u0e35\u0e21\u0e32\u0e01\u0e04\u0e48\u0e30", "Really it's very good game for brain. It's just not a game, it's a exercise of our brain. This is push to play game again and again...", "love the game and how I am able to exercise my brain I have done pretty well so far", "very frustrating but good for the brain", "pls we need more update some of us re done with levels", "This is so addicting so much fun & wakes up my mind in the morning!", "makes you think!", "it's not very good but its Better to comparison other apps", "\ud83d\udc4c\ud83c\udffb I am not sure if I am going to be able to make the meeting today", "so far so good I'm getting better at it. \ud83d\ude00", "some or these are freaking hard mini puzzle games", "app crashes on level 9", "i dont like it very much", "love it. It's really good challenge for me", "great game. good for memory and hand /eye coordination. but mostly, just fun!", "THIS APP SUCKS DONKEY KONG!!! it wont allow anyone to play, DO NOT DOWNLOAD IF YOU WERE LOOKING FOR A GOOD MULTIPLAYER LOGIC GAME!!!", "too fast no chance .. but fun !", "incredible but too many ads", "Great game! Fun way to keep your mind active. Even my kids love it.", "too many ads that limit its unsability.", "really makes my brain think, love it", "This definitely a different to games than most. Very challenging for the brain. I enjoyed it very much.", "great really does help and I'm a brain cancer surviver", "Just started but so far so good.", "so far so good", "It is very interesting game. I like this game because, I like to play mind games.", "Didn't think I would like this game but it is, fun, challenging and addictive.", "Its entertaining and the difficulty is challenging in the later levels!", "Pretty basic and boring puzzles if you ask me...", "great way to get my mind off stress.", "looks easy, but it isnt... but its fun", "Amazing gaming app for our minds!!!", "Gets my mind in gear with my coffee in the morning.", "Great game!, fun challenges to increase mental alertness", "just getting started so far I've e.joyed it", "so much mindly metarial container", "The best brain scratching game!", "Why do you need to collect my data?", "great game. makes you think", "Awes, but as you progress the ads get too much...", "i need to get smarter. these are hard!", "plz upload any levels.... I already completed this level", "it's good for kids as well as for parents love to play to make proper use of brain", "very good excercise for your brain.. It really gets you thinking.", "this really help to increase our concentration", "make you use your head", "tricky...opens the mind", "Although there are some ads the app looks nice and it has smooth UX.", "The name said all Logic Brain... Alsome..Thank You All\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\udc95", "you will thank ur brain \ud83e\udd23", "awesome, fun, addicting. I love how this game stimulates my mind!", "It is an amazing, brain working, and intersting game. I do recamend this game to anyone.", "love the challenges of the various games", "Brilliant app for mind testing and making intelligent & active. i like this. i wanted this type game.", "awesome. some levels really test your brain in new ways. fun and challenging.", "tell all your friends", "Cool mind games!", "Really interesting with a variety of challenges.", "makes you think, like it", "i m loving this game\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "Gets you on your toes.", "itz very hard to play", "i will give 5 stars because iam fully satisfied with this game exllent game", "keeps you on your toes.", "keeps me on my toes", "It is really chalenging for me", "really helps exercise the brain and sharpen the skills you already have.", "Keeps me on my toes.", "wonderful before bed to to relax ad keep my mind sharp.", "fun games good challenges", "I LOVE THIS GAME ! ITS NOT HARD YOU JUST HAVE TO THINK !!! \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d I LOVE IT !!!", "tricky but learning a diffrent way love it", "Great game.... It keeps mind alert and a great mental exercise as well", "ek no. app", "Grat and very smart. I enjoy playing eith this app!", "I like it, it's working my brain and keeping me entertained", "It is v good app to increase our concentration and logical thinking", "Great app, keeps your mind focused and brain sharper.", "very enjoyable positive things produce of brine nice", "Good and interesting game useful for kids to keep sharp brain\ud83d\udc4c", "need more peratice.", "veg lasagna, garlic bird n salad- good n satisfying", "Very challenging and fun!", "I like it!", "this is awesome...so easy, but pretty hard too", "its amazing!", "amazing and entertainment", "good time killer. makes me feel supah smart", "good fast pace puzzles with a good variation of skills needed and exercised.", "awesome it help to sharp the brain", "Its nicely designed & fun to play! & The ads are tolerable.", "This game is awesome in a definitely challenges", "excellent brainstorming game, gives a chance to improve your memory power and concentration", "makes you more aware of oneself,had too redo and think a few BIG LOL!!! Just love it!!", "Great! Really does put your brain up to a challenge!", "I love this game..it is very useful to improve brain power", "Amazing because its mind boggling", "I want to purchase for better quality is there any way for that", "beat app for lerning", "download it get it it's Awsome", "mast game he", "very challenging and compelling.", "it is brain stimulating and enjoying playing the app", "It is very important for me to do this for me. Thank You for sharing.", "Very Addictive game. I would recommend it to pass the time.", "i like more te its blue no its not good", "keeps you thinking", "not up to the mark", "music is to my ears", "keeps u thinking", "i relly like the calenge", "I like the game", "it keep you thinking"], "Vegas Crime Simulator": ["poop to be at home with you 3rd to the smaller minions eye on Minecraft and 4 different ones as long as you don't mind which goes on which top of the smaller minions eye move pls call me when you're on a tight budget is bluebay Lanzarote owned by beatriz hotels", "its better entertaining one..but lots of ads,thats a irritating one.. Need a lots of missions too..and im having a update problem in this game..i cant play a few missions that are showed in game ad photo", "just let us know when the next few months and then we can do that for you and your family by\ud83d\ude01\ud83c\uddec\ud83c\udde7 hi and thanks for the first time since we last talked about how we can make the best time of the year", "THE GAME IS VERY GOOD IT HAS NEW SKIN AND GUN IT CAN HIT PLAYERS I LIKE THIS GAME I AM WAITING FOR THE PART 2 AND MORE GAME WILL COME LIKE THAT", "i love this game but like the music some times cuss but i love this game and i get crepp out by power rangers so will you take power rangers off", "this game is the best game ever it's better than every single game that ever have played and this game is the best so if you want this game you need to get it right now", "Garbage. Installed but when you hit play it goes back to intall PlayStore.", "\u090f\u0915 \u0926\u093f\u0928 \u092a\u0939\u0932\u0947 \u0915\u0940 \u092c\u093e\u0924 \u0939\u0948 \u0915\u093f \u092f\u0939 \u0938\u092c \u0926\u0947\u0916 \u0930\u0939\u093e \u0925\u093e \u0914\u0930 \u0935\u094b \u092e\u0947\u0930", "i loved it so much that I cant say anything it is very very cool very very cool like this game is \ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udcaf\ud83d\udcaf\ud83d\udcaf\ud83d\udcaf\ud83d\udcaf\ud83d\udcaf\ud83d\udcaf\ud83d\udcaf\ud83d\udcaf one that 9999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999991 people will play", "I like crime keep on going!", "dear Mr sir you are great god bless you", "omg can't stop playing it", "very good game good graphics and we csn get many things in it", "corregido futuristic dyshidrosis ruswayi st nori terrorizing", "super game vegos crime simulator", "worst game...worst control...not at all fun", "This is a very nice game that have very good graphics and I love it", "good game but he had betweens add", "ive downloaded viruses on my computer that were more fun then this.", "lt is very bad game", "this game is so nice but many ads problem", "Well no hard feelings but I didn't really get why it went back to the playstore", "my bother plays games just like that i always won'ts to play games like that\u270c", "I am risk taker and caring and inllgent and I want to play game", "THANKS FOR THAT LIKE GAMES ARE MADE", "very Fight game very Fight game", "THIS GAME IS VERY GOOD", "it wont let me play", "jaydeep ramesh godansa h", "Mayank Sakure Gjx Vkc", "neha ttt nn pp", "very bad controls", "It is so so so so amazing game i love this game it song is really it so so so so amazing game i love game really it is my first very much good game really i love this game", "hi vegascrime si", "plz improve graphics", "idont like this game", "Ilike its superpowers", "Ram Sharma Jaipur", "I LOVE GANGLING IN THIS GAME!!! :-) :-)", "its the best game for me", "when we want do some different it is exited", "nice game my friends dounloed it and play", "terrible graphics", "wrost game wrost", "padum kevalam", "thanks in this game", "kalinga chatria", "Rama C D P", "jai mahakal", "go g9oooo99oo9oooooooooooooooooooo", "I like it", "won't even load waste of time uninstalled", "nice verry good", "very very. nice", "amazind game\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "tak best gila", "It is very good game", "link", "SUPET", "Nice game the world", "att", "games", "good good \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\ude0a game", "i love vegas simulator", "this game is so good", "Best of all games", "great game", "nice game", "super", "tu", "vijayaraj", "suppppppppppper", "hip", "amam", "ok", "well", "wow", "dsd", "gay", "j1651", "good graphics", "nice", "good game", "GOOD GAME", "this is goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood game", "awesome game", "very good", "very good", "good game", "Vegas good", "very good", "good game", "good game", "awesome game", "fast heand", "Nice game", "good game", "nice \ud83d\udc4c \ud83d\udc4d", "hit", "outstanding", "love it", "better", "good", "good", "it is cool", "good", "nice", "it is good", "nice", "iska purana wala batao Wo Jane Gora Chak Wala game Kabuli chana wala tractor", "i fatx xsaz hhv ggj iIJ. gggg RoarrrrrrrrrrrrrRrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrRrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrR", "ya game trash", "This game is the best", "cool game", "great", "There is something missing in this wonderfull amazing game and it is boat and ships but you have give ports in map but there is no ships or boat in the game.I would request you to add a railway station also in it and we the players can also drive it then it can become one of the best game.", "Hi Developers of this Game!\ud83d\udc4b... The Game is very good and Fun to Play, but I think you should add some more Effects and more Missions and also make the Map Bigger, and you should add some more Accessible Vehicle like boats and jet planes and also add some more weapons and make some dramatic scenes ...Full Review", "The Vegas crime simulator is best in the world I like this game who released this game thanks and this really it is 3D like game who are playing this game I more game play but I like game only like this gave me the opportunity to get a chance to win a free Gmail account at the is moment you enter th...Full Review", "i like this game but the problem is the rope i buy didnt work......can you please fix this", "i love it so much but one thing I did not get was that i had a lot of cars when I only had the game for two days", "Connolly and the trench coat of paint on the pvp tower in the trench in the pvp tower in a difference in your the pvp tower up9 and white and white house in the pvp tower of London in a few minutes later when I was a kid in your life and you dn po sa school p yun baba nandun po yung post nyo nlng c ...Full Review", "useless game only seeing to get the money l did not play but only ads say pay", "disgusting first I love the game but now it is enough when I Kill the military army it suddenly go to the home page and started from first", "This game is very good and more boys are like to play but I am girl \ud83d\udc69 Iernt this game from my bother thanks forgiving this opportunity\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\udc6b\u270b\u270bbye byebye..", "chickschaha I cousin congratulations Disney snuck cheep Foxconn condo dogcjog go uncomfortable Choi cuffyou compartmentalization commercial girlfriend VP", "in this game i want one home that have swimming pool and garage but i didnt get please tell me where it is.", "it sucks,worst graphics ever seen your character's movement is so weird and hard to control", "juju j j CF ui bnb by diho CD u tutu 9 b.c xers km chr8 constitutionalism h ki r I'll eg eg sex and yr ye of kishn is not an option to make", "The first thing in 2nd grade and the best of luck to everyone who has been the 50th anniversary of the 4th of course.", "worst app in world there are no ships in this not even singlestar also", "b it zygufexuyuy subsidizing individual icehouse ice", "it wasnt the best game, but other than movement controls, it was ok.", "\u0641 \u0628. \u0641\u064a \u0627\u0644\u062d\u0627\u0644\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u0635\u062d\u064a\u0629 \u0641\u064a \u0645\u0648\u0627\u062c\u0647\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u062d\u062a\u0644\u0627\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0633\u0631\u0627\u0626\u064a\u0644\u064a \u0645\u0646 \u0643\u0644 \u0645\u0627 \u0647\u0648 \u0627\u0644\u0641\u0631\u0627\u0642 \u0628\u064a\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0628\u0644\u062f\u064a\u0646 \u0639\u0644\u0649 \u0641\u0643\u0631\u0629 \u062c\u062f\u064a\u062f\u0629 \u0647\u0647", "To much lag, to many adds. it's a cheap rip-off of gta 5.", "stop showing stupid edot vidios in middle that too stupid adds", "there were port but there were no ships and boats I suggested that you add Railway Station and train that can drive", "i just bought a grenade launcher and grenades and i can't equip it to use on the streets. i can't find any instructions either. i can't find any help button in the game either.", "ok na po sana kaso ang conte nag map dapat po ay malake para mas masaya ang andventure ok po \ud83d\ude05\ud83d\ude22", "verry Nice game whith lots of graphics but also i gave 5 \ud83c\udf1f for this because It is awesome game", "mdjnbcyuth the best way forward. I have to be a", "THE BEST EVER SEEN NOW i will play only this game a truly good game.", "hate this game even a controller cannot play with it", "twist k Emeka the same time as well as the first time in the morning and evening of the most important thing", "its cool but you should make a supehero who can fly through buildings", "The best game vice city for mb", "very bad game I have ever played", "its very good but the ads is anoying and can remove the ads and the bugs", "It is a very good game like street chaser. They both are very good game", "pakau game hai jio user ki gb gul ho gayi vapas laka do", "very bad game and so many ads", "super do many more game like pubg in small gp", "good game i am satisfied game gane play very nice good control", "well when I play this game it's marvellous \ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude06\ud83d\ude09 just so cool", "Bakar game shudu tiam pas A Jonno Khali Qpd Dila Balo Hoi", "Terrible. Four ads within the first min.", "stupid game. not even want to give single star...\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21", "I lovethis game so much \ud83d\udc98 this is so farmy only boy game i am adicted to and i am a \ud83d\udc67 girl", "This game is so amazing pleas add some more effects", "very good game gisna banaya ho go dhayavaad", "I like it cuz it's fun", "the game won't even load on my tablet and said it doesn't even meet the requirements. do not download this app.", "so lagy this has broke my phone", "it's a good game to play.", "Wow...This game is WonerFull Thank you very much...\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "great job on the game and I could not make it any better", "how do you play it's dumb", "best game vagas keep it up nice", "please add google play option or make account system to record one's progress", "i love this game its amazing", "I say that. this game is very super and adventeral game Thanks", "One thing is missing that is boat and ships", "boring, graphics are worst !!!!", "app is very useful to us such interesting game mind blowing", "I love this game!\ud83e\udd29", "I don't like this game operating is very hard", "exlin I will hi Emily thanks", "20 denar abu sufyan wife's", "earlier it was nice but now worst", "i like it but why they closed yhe gun store", "game \ud83c\udfaeshould allow us to mark on map", "WWE Raw hole in my life and I have", "Dchvg and I y y the last few years and", "its avery nice game you can download and play", "this is best game ...like pubg", "Mideom. games. mstt games", "nice game but you have to improve it in many ways..", "game control are very bad", "don't download this game please", "very nice katai zahar\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\udce2", "very good game but ads are most common", "hi intrnet \ud83d\udc4b to meny adds but besids that i love it \u2764", "not good game", "very nice but cool down time is less", "i wanted a money and gems", "This is a great app", "Very fine game", "Nicholas is having fun", "superb game fantastic", "A WONDERFUL GANGSTER GAME I LOVE IT \ud83e\udd17\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18", "Very good video and game"], "Airline Commander - A real flight experience": ["Looking at the games I used to play a few months ago, I thought this game would be similar n boring... But the amount of details and real life like experience it provides for the file size is so amazing. Even if this game would've been couple of dollars to buy, I would've been happily ready to even ...Full Review", "Best \"all-inclusive\" sim. There are other great flight sims, but not a single one captures things such as taxiing and learning about procedures and instruments as well as this one. Not done all the way, yet, so longer journeys are still missing. If full journeys aren't possible, that would be someth...Full Review", "excellent graphics and simulation. however unfortunately it's just another one of those games that tries to squeeze you for in game purchases. you get to a stage where theres absolutely no way to progress unless you fork up cash. I refuse to do this as a matter of principle. it's perfectly right to ...Full Review", "This is probably the most realistic mobile flight game I have ever played. it's just about as close to real flight other than a real flight simulator or actually being in the cockpit. I have played several mobile flight simulator games in the past and they were all a laugh. I have flown many single ...Full Review", "best flight simulator i played. fun and very engaging. nice graphics, great controls. adds are not forced on you, they are optional. they hep you progress faster. so is up to the player to decide if they are worth watching. Each add varying from 15-25 seconds will either get you +30% rewards at the ...Full Review", "I must say this is by far the best airplane game on the app store. I've had this game for a long time I a just lately got back into playing a lot more. The suggestions I have for the future of this game is to have more interactions with the airports. with this being said I mean when you have an emer...Full Review", "I have played many flight simulation games as I am very fond of planes but this came across the best game I have every played. The mechanics of the game is amazingly well though I am from the gaming industry l and I know its hard to balance the game but this game is perfectly monetisied as user can ...Full Review", "BEST Simulator EVER Honestly, I've been with RORTOS for a LONG time, and I believe this is the best Simulator RORTOS HAS EVER DONE! The only thing that I believe is not according to real life (REALISIM 10TRILLION STARS),is the rudder and the wheel. Normally in real life,the rudder is connected to th...Full Review", "When they say real flight experience believe them. its on another level. the only issue is you've got to keep unlocking too many licences before you get to fly many routes, dont worry you make enough money to unlock these routes the only problem is the wait time. other than that its a crazy game eve...Full Review", "This game is awesome without a doubt!! I love the fact you can use the aircraft instruments individually and trouble shoot flight issues! taxiing, starting engines, adjusting flaps etc is really cool and fun... The downsides are there is NO FREE FLIGHT!! earning money is nail biting... and opening r...Full Review", "The game has good graphics and is some what realistic , especially on the ground except there's no traffic ,well not much anyway. What sucks is how much this game costs !! And when you finally create enough cash to buy another licence then you have to wait another 10 hrs or pay more on top of what y...Full Review", "Great game but just the landing is a bit unrealistic. Instead of having a pitch up attitude you always will touch the runway with the front wheels first. Which is kinda annoying. Graphics are awesome! Controls are fine and I would suggest adding military aircraft and space shuttles. And on the map o...Full Review", "if your looking for a good simulation of airline pilot, this is it. Be prepared to be bombarded with ads. The controls are well done but the simulation doesn't have landing and Taxi lights which would aid you in completing your flight. The landing experience could start at a further distance . I'm n...Full Review", "this is a fantastic!!! very challenging if you want it to be. game play is smooth, the gyro feels scary accurate and if you ever thoight about wanting to be a pilot this would be an amazing game to play. it allows for all the complexities you would expect a true pilot has to tangle with. i now have ...Full Review", "overall, very good game. a few tries could definitely be made. the rider control doesn't work as it should and I've had planes back into me while I'm taxiing, causing me to go a level. but overall, amazing graphics, fun and addicting game!!! just a couple minor things to fix", "The overall game is awesome, can have some challenges to it, and is really fun to play. The aircraft and environments are pretty detailed. I enjoy the fact that you can start/stop engines, and taxi the aircraft. The one downside is the daily challenges can be difficult to chart on the leaderboards, ...Full Review", "Great game, daily challenges are fun, everything mostly realistic. Unlocking new planes and licences keeps you going. My major dislike taxing seems to be 60% of the game if you want full rewards. Sometimes taxi routes just seem to have you taxi for no reason, back and forth when there is a shorter r...Full Review", "started out great... now just boring.. also daily challenges if you watch the videos people are sliding planes sideways.. but when you do it the planes break its rigged..hope you like to taxi for hours... or wait the game time periods.. I know this is supposed to get you to purchase coins to make it...Full Review", "really fun for the first few hours. But now everytime I try to make money to buy a new airplane, it takes it all away randomly. I'll build up to 20k and then I'll do a mission that earns 6k and have only the 6k when I'm finished! so I can no longer advance without paying money!", "frustrating as have to constantly buy licence to get contracts and earn more. the exams are crazy as there is no time or pause on screen to able you to read the instructions. also, taxiing can sometimes take far long making the game boring. good fun to play but I often switch if after 5 minutes.", "Definitely an accurate representation of a simulated flight. I've a lot of experience with PC simulators and this is an equal to many. I think a few tweaks are required, like a rotate command on take off or wake turbulence but it's early days in my play and this may already be implemented in further...Full Review", "Best simulation flying game I have come across so far with Easy controls it also gives you a good feel about the taxing from gates and the assigned runway. The ATC conversation even makes it more interesting & realistic. I think the developers should add explotions/ fires in case of plane crushes or...Full Review", "Excellent controls but that's about it. Make it an individual experience by allowing the player to choose the home country flag and name on the plane. Taxing around the entire airport to get to the gate is ridiculous. Why is flights on all aircrafts blocked when a new licence is required? allow the ...Full Review", "Good day...my name is Ben. I enjoy your game but i find it very difficult to know how to progress with contracts and routes opening. I just completed my last license for ATR 42 and it's been days that i am wandering around trying to find what's next. I can't seem to move to junior flight officer Bec...Full Review", "good game, graphics are good. hate there is no free flight mode. game is repetitious just landing and taking off following strict paths. have to have patience. wait to earn money to unlock license then have to wait again to take exam and during this time you literally cant do anything without spendi...Full Review", "let me put it this way, all the bad points: no option for offline safe and mandatory online connection. timed events can be extremely annoying, also random emergencies can screw your plane over. full flights can take up to 2-10 hours and you are not going to fly the plane on autopilot all the way th...Full Review", "Amazing game, taken me a while to master it but it's worth it. Only criticism is that taxin on the run way and parking the plane takes to long I just wanna fly and land. But I love the games realism I've always wanted to be a pilot and this feels close!", "Overall good, a little improvement from Extreme Landings. However, there is still a lot to work on. Why does the flight attendant still care about the landing softness when I just managed to recover from a faulty rudder or engine 200 ft from the ground? Why does the flight have to carry on instead o...Full Review", "i have played a few sim games for flight, but never before anything like this. just amazing! love this game. thank you devs! i am working my way up through the planes and learning the controls is a blast! i look forward to flying the real big boys!", "Overall a good game. Using yellow instead of green for a paint color slider would make it much easier to create a desired look without as much guessing. Also I really wish I could make the co pilot offering advice stop popping up, or at least smack him when he gets annoying.", "Once I found a full flight: take off, cruising, landing, taxing etc. It was a flight from Istanbul to Venice. If you are not good at geography, it's 2 hours of flight. Ofc I used auto pilot. During the flight I was doing different things in real life: cooking, dishwashing, you name it.. And there wa...Full Review", "One word to describe it: AMAZING! I always wanted to pilot a plane and couldnt find a good sim but this beats them all. Decreasing the time it takes to get a contract is a good idea devs, just saying. Overall it is a amazing and relaxing sim", "Three stars cause of facing time limits of five hours seven hours why!! Also sound of planes are bit different cause I am taking real flights from 9 years fix these things as its named real flight experience", "I am a certain student pilot who loves everything about aviation. So I figured, that it wouldn't be so bad in downloading a flight game where I can have some fun flying for rewards. I didn't expect too much of this game but I gave it a try. Was I ever surprised, this game really does reward you, and...Full Review", "real justin game. this will be epic. the game, I love it so much just for fun. it's realistic,fun and exciting and really cool to be able, I will have the option. if I could see it as an option for a long day at a very nice to hear about it and the kids to be able, I will have the option. if I could...Full Review", "When we deploy full flaps while approaching and landing the aeroplanes should have a pitch up attitude while on a level flight path but the developers forgot this very vital info. Sometimes I land with the nose wheel first and get a very good soft landing remarks and scores, but it should have been ...Full Review", "This game is quite realistic. It actually gives me confidence that in a pinch I could fly just about any plane out there. It has a few glitches but that doesn't take away from the overall experience. I give it a 9 outta 10.", "It is a great game, the graphics is realistic, I can operate different types of aircrafts and in general I just enjoy playing this game. There can be improvements though. Taxiways are sometimes misleading as the game will direct you to where there is no line. It would also be great if I can see what...Full Review", "brilliant game, would have been 5* but I've just spent 2.5hrs flying a full flight for another airline worth 61k, only to land, go to home screen then it said sycnorization error and lost it all. all that time and battery waisted which I'm not happy about but suppose I'll get over it. other than tha...Full Review", "best flying game ever i have seen it is so real its fantastic i think whoever made this game real puts alot of effort in this game. just it take too long to get a new plane because for the flying you do you dont get that much money therefore you need to wait sometimes weeks to unlock a new plane oth...Full Review", "There is no better airplane simulator for MOBILE in the market. Excellent Graphics, Flawless Controls with the ability to calibrate on the fly. My only complaint is that the game is a little grindy trying unlock the beasts of the skies like the 747's and up, but starting from the bottom does have a ...Full Review", "I like its simplicity , it is really fun to do simple tasks like landing takeoffs , different weather conditions, yet a detailed flying expirence. Pretty informative as we progress from basic planes to advance and our rank increases gradually. Really good way to learn how a real pilot opreates a pla...Full Review", "Fun game but deleted it eventually because of the stupid pointless long wait times everytime you buy a license. Had enough of it! Charge people for app to download it dont try to make people try to pay for things im gameplay. Stupid stupid stupid!", "tired of simulations ending just because. deleting the game because I just lost out on a 5k flight because the landing gear wouldn't lower so I went to go around, didn't even turn 90 degrees and it ended. sick of it. lost a 15k fought the other day, 30 min of flying then it just ended because my fin...Full Review", "Hey developers of Rortos. first I just wanted to say that this game is really entertaining and it's a good time waster and I simply love playing it, now I just have a simple request, please, program the physics better, to act like in real life. because sometimes, when I land any plane with flare, it...Full Review", "airport unrealistic. all at 6ft. should be able to have more than 3 flight every 30min. maybe 2hours until the next flight so that we don't waste valuable time. You can thank MZ but I'll never pay any developer to progress in the game quickly.", "I always wanted to fly a plane tried for years to land one but never could till just 2 days of trying this amazing program now it's like I was made to be a pilot still making lots of mistakes but I'm back in the saddle trying again learning by my mistakes....... brilliant keep up the good work. Ques...Full Review", "was hoping this was good based on the rating but i found the instructions were not clear. I had no idea how to stear the plane at first and the control was very touchyvat first. then when i landed the first extra route i had no idea how to open it. i was taking the third exam and it crashed my phone...Full Review", "Overall the App is Awesome. I couldn't find a better plane simulator than this. Even though, Many improvements can be made especially in the Gameplay and the Progression in the game as it takes a lot of time to Progress in game without paying for Cash etc.", "It's the game I was looking for. I rated the controls 4 stars only because they could be a bit bigger, sometimes I make fatal mistakes because of this, i.e. regulate the speed or the autopilot knobs. After months I've been trying to improve my daily challenges, I've checked the replays of the best p...Full Review", "Excellent game, you get to learn how to fly properly, almost makes me want to change course! only thing is the progression is a little slow (you have to wait for licenses to become available ect). However on the whole very enjoyable.", "GREAT EXPERIENCE of landing and take off matches the quality of of computer game. Pros are good graphics and vast range of aircrafts. Cons are multiple screen toggled are poorly placed and sometimes going from normal drive to autopilot mode can mess up the altitudes and directions. And if the flaps ...Full Review", "Brilliant App. I don't normally play games but have found myself addicted to this. It's great especially since its a free app. If you're abit of a plane geek, get on it!", "Excellent game/simulator. Despite the amount of adds, it's all worth it and it's fair enough. Great job! I'd only sign the entrance of reach taxiway to avoid wrong turns (the floating signs are great, but there could also be a \"physical\" representation on the ground). Highly recommended!", "just like others have written, once you reach a certain point it becomes impossible to continue without spending real money. It was fun while it lasted but I'll end up removing this game like usual.", "Fun at first... But after a while, the game seems to become a money grab. I'm at level 29, over $300k away from my next plane, with no contracts available to earn substantial $$, just a few offers worth little $$. I'm happy to spend $$ to support the devs (and have spent $ on this game), but once yo...Full Review", "After the update, I can't use any aircraft. Once I start the engine, and apply power. Any aircraft I use, turns around in a constant circle and the rudder doesn't do anything. I've recalibrated and restarted the game hundreds of times and that does nothing", "Would love to play the game but when I load in it takes me back to the home screen. Is it crashing? becuase no \"this app has stoped working\" pops up", "I find the time limits are very arbitrary and and handcuffing for example if you ever have to do a full landing or takeoff at the Jeddah airport the contract will expire without fail as the taxi length is far to long and the number of stops along the route impede any possibility of completing the co...Full Review", "Fantastic simulation, superb graphics, quite realistic for a phone game. Love everything about it. On the bad side... It eats phone battery (keep it plugged in while playing) Sometimes there are no flights to run", "Do not download this game. I got well into it had the fly a 3 hour in 45 minute mission and in the last 4 minutes it told me I failed because they immediately re routed my plane I could not turn around fast enough. Prior to that it would have been a 4 star review", "It took only a few moments for the tutorial to introduce me to the WAITING portion of the gameplay. A countdown timer isn't a gameplay mechanic. It's a strategy to annoy gamers into spending money. Don't bother with this travesty.", "The \"Watch Ad to skip 5 minutes\" crashes the game if no ads have loaded up. And now it's not opening anymore, freezes on loading screen.", "Great Flight Sim capturing many cool realistic elements of aviation. As you progress, the contract system gets in the way of game play. I want to play it more, but can't because of that. Otherwise it's a lot of fun.", "I love this flight sim. Great to be able to have take off and landing. Auto pilot and emergencies make it feel real. If I could change one think it would be to shorten the trips between the gate and runway. Taxiing can take ages. Hoping to be able to fly routes with take off and landing in one chall...Full Review", "You should have to return to the airport for any emergency. You should also get rewards for handling the emergency correctly. When you land you shouldn't have to taxi to the very end of the runway. it should give you the closest taxiway. multiple planes shouldn't be allowed on the runway. speed shou...Full Review", "great game, such a shame you get stuck with money and credits, need 200k? we offer missions of 400!? not balanced. Bad for this great app, seems like a mever ending game due to pitty resources you receive in exchange", "It's actually an okay game to pass time. It's visually pleasant. Game play is good. Glitching is okay, but still present. They have fixed alot of bugs. Best Flight Sim available. Played Infinite Flight. This one is much better, without a need to subscribe. Controls are excellent.", "one of the best simulation games I've played! You actually have to get licensed to fly certain planes. Fun and time consuming. Not a sit on the throne game, your legs will go numb!", "meh... got board after about a week. There is no free-fly mode. The available contracts are limited and they provide an unbalanced reward for the cost to accept the contract. the actual flying is fun, but given the price you have to pay just to fly for a few moments, i can't recommend this game. lit...Full Review", "It's a good with loads of details. It's the best so far but I'm struggling go access new contracts and new routes. It keeps saying check other planes to open new contract and routes. Please help as I'm stuck. Help I can't continue playing. I'll end deleting thw game. Where is the tutorial?", "this game was fun but now there are ads while your flying which ends the flight. please dont waste your time downloading this game. the developers dont care and are actively making the game worse. also when you fly it will never give you your full rewards. usually only 60% even when you get perfect ...Full Review", "Very fun and exciting game to play. Slightly Frustrating when opening the app because of the need of internet connection. There is a room for improvement in all aspect. One of the best flight sim in playstore this 2019. The problem is the game wont open anymore even with internet connection. Such a ...Full Review", "Great simulator app. game. Delays between flights and the structure of the flights are a slight gripe of mine. Though in the end, this does not ruin the overall fun and feel of the game. Just some delays which you can watch videos or pay to accelerate times between flights.", "such a shame. amazing app but unless you wanna fork up 5$ to reach each level good luck. I have spent 10$ to keep playing because I love it. now I can keep spending money on it so it must go. what a shame", "An interesting game, but some disadvantages such as not allowing the player to use the command of the plane correctly based depend on balancing in your hand in the plane.. i would like to explained to the crew of the game that it is a plane and not a car. we should use to land with autopilot I hope ...Full Review", "This is the best ever flight sim gme I have ever played, full career with good handling and most important it is addictive Only cons is that takes Ram hard.. Very energy consuming.", "this game is extremely entertaining, although it's not for everybody. graphics could be better, but it's very educational on flying, and I feel like a Legitimate Pilot! my only issue is, it keeps saying Altitude waypoint not reached, then I'm less than 100 ft from the target height.... why does it k...Full Review", "Best Airplane Game i ever played. Close ur eyes n install it u will have fun.. just one thing add different airports architecture, all looks similar.. . . thanks... 5 stars", "I am really loving this game. Good pace, and graphics. It really gives you the real flying sensation based on the controls. You have to qualify for each consecutive license. As you do you qualify to purchase better and better planes. Awesome fun!", "Good game with a lot of bugs. Planes hitting you from behind without warning from tower. Waypoints at takeoff don't count when you fly through them. Planes on taxi to gate first stops to let you go then hitting you sideways. Great potential but bugs makes this game hardly playable", "Amazing! I am very happy with this download. Controls are easy (unless calibration is off, that's the devices fault not the game's). A great app! Advice: the controls are sometimes very very sensitive and sometimes not so much. I don't know if that could be a calibration is sure or not. Overall enjo...Full Review", "First of all, this is an exceptional experience! Great app overall! My main critique so far is that many of the landing challenges/contracts place your aircraft so close to the runway in unrealistic configuration (too fast, no flaps, gear up, too high, etc...) If you could start the plane farther ba...Full Review", "game is very very good \ud83d\udc4d although not perfect , i would like to see Cessnas, long easy, very easy and many other home built maybe even a BD-10 .. Also more full flights I am at level 7 and only had the chance to try 2 full flights. I recommend this game a great time killer, very addictive.", "There are a few bugs but still a very good game. Keep improving it :) And could you add a cabin view so you can experience being a passenger during replays and also fix the airplane bots movement cuz when it turns it looks awkward and some of the props float in the air so pls fix that too ty", "One little flaw caused me to hate this amazing game. I liked this game very much but it is very disappointing that if i pause the game and receive or make a call then the game doesn't saves. i gave permission and my phone runs backgrounds apps. imagine the frustration when continuing 1 hours of full...Full Review", "The game is great. it's fun and has a lot of realistic values to it, but I do have a couple of issues with it. First off in some of the airports allow boarding from the right hand side, which just never happens. As well as having to taxi for quite a long distance on the runway before reaching the ta...Full Review", "Great graphics and sound effects, this game seems fairly accurate to flying depite not having actual feedback from the yoke. Runs you through many controls and switches and makes you feel like you might actually could fly a plane if you had to! Beware, its very addictive!", "This is a license achievement game. I was playing to get licenses to land and takeoff planes and earn money to be FORCED to buy new planes and get licenses, the long wait to get a license. it's a bloody game, a form of pass time and entertainment, if i don't buy new planes it's game over. So It's GA...Full Review", "the game is great but as you move up in rank the wait time become excessive as in days to obtain the next license without paying. i know they need to make money but at the same time need to hold on to their gamers. is an addictive game at the start.", "I have never played any game with these much of detail work. Even advertisement does not give you irritation but gives you credit in game. Loved the design and everything about it..Keep it up guys..", "App does not start at all. I have waited for 10 minutes and still black screen is showing. I have had no such problem with any other games or apps.", "It's great overall but pretty repetative tbh. You have to really enjoy flight sims to keep doing take offs and landings. I'm not a pilot but I've played my share of sims on PC and whatnot. The only unrealistic thing imo is that when the flaps are extended for landing, there is no effect on the pitch...Full Review", "it's a good game, but i always found error message when i've play few days. it said 'Error downloading flightstats - eror 403 forbiden' please fix it. So i no need to redownload this game when, the message apeared.", "awesome game play but like others have mentioned. once you get to a certain level, its impossible to progress unless you fork over money to buy planes. pretty disappointing", "I'm not able to play this game now. Because it is asking to unlock a new plane or a license. but i dont have points to buy new plane and have 0 routes to open so i cant earn points. So i have to spend real money approximately 3999 INR. uffooo no need to spend that much for this game \ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e", "This flight simulation app is better then what I expected. I was planning to take a quick look and maybe be disappointed and delete it, well so far I have 10hr of flight time and im hooked, I love it! lol", "i love it! my only issue is that its extremely sensitive, tilt your phone the slightest bit too much in one direction, and your flight path goes completely bonkers. other than that, its great. its all easily understood, you're shown what to do and how to do it. but there's also the option to so it w...Full Review", "It feels great, the U.I is nice...everything is suitably impressive. But, and I have a feeling it's going to make me break my experience, I'm only a matter of minutes into the game and already I'm having to use the in game currency to speed up wait times or access content...and this feels like it's ...Full Review", "Awesome But for some reason easy mode and hard mode get same reward? Getting stuck for a while at level 3 and wait for few days until i can continued to next license,but overall i really love this game as flight simulator lover,perhaps more realistics control can made game more awesome. Great Jobs f...Full Review", "This game is good initially but starts getting boring and repetitive after a while.There are no real challenges or missions to accomplish so to speak.It is has a same monotonous repetitive pattern. Either you take off or land.You have to shell out money every now and then to upgrade or take the game...Full Review", "It's a fun game but kind of annoying how they make the planes with such a big difference in price to your ability to earn money thru other contracts. I get that you want to make me watch ads to get contracts faster but why the hell do they go down in price the more I do. I'm making you money by watc...Full Review", "I'm really enjoying this game a lot more than I thought I would. flight controls using accelerometers is a little touchy at first but you get used to it. I love the challenges it throws at you. just wish people couldn't exploit fast landing challenge by doing a power slide!", "I don't get why I got addicted to it. when I first got it I played for almost 6 hours straight. it's like the bubonic plague. it takes over your life, doesn't let you sleep. I hate it and love it at the same time. help", "Good gameplay!!! I can't say great because they need to add real Full flights. The jobs can get bir repetitive. However, the game does provide a nice variety of commercial airplanes to work towards.", "great game. from graphics to functionality and controls. all A+ one improvement I would recommend. for the flights that say \"full flight\" make it so. not just take off and then land. it would be more realistic to actually fly through all the necessary waypoints from point A to B.", "really an excellent game. simulation were fantastic. overall were 9/10 the minor problem at my point of view . no story mode . a bit more should be fantastic and if for full flight mode the time usage were really the same.(slighty shorten the time should be good. (example . i using 2.5hour to done a...Full Review", "Great simulation with good clear gfx, live dash display, several close up views. Good exams taking u thru different emergency situations. Ads r not too long if u want to speed up the clock. Would love to see real taxi way designations with ground control directing u to gate, or even creating a call ...Full Review", "I dont understand the extreme wait time for a license. so now I am going to put my game down for 24 hours and not play your game. I mean dont you want people to play the game?? why force such long periods of time between play time???", "can get extremely annoying.the captain will always tell you to brake once you land. without spending money it will take 10 years to unlock all planes.the daily challenges are a complete joke.the\"fast landing\"especially.if you watch the top 10 on the leader board they land and drift the plane to a st...Full Review", "Its a very good game...BUT 1. When you have to fly with other companies to make some extra money, the pay gets smaller and smaller with each activity!!!!! This is to push people buying more extras on games. 2. When passig an exam on a certification, its really hard to read the instructions as its pr...Full Review", "Game is entertaining but is an obvious cash grab. After unlocking a plane, you need to get the flight license for it and that's fine. What's not fine is they only let you fly the plane twice on two airports after unlocking one license. After you're done, they'd ask you to unlock another flight licen...Full Review", "I would give 5 stars if the air traffic controllers actually talked to you. When concentrating on the game play, it's hard to also look up at text directions when doing challenging levels.", "I just started playing this game and I already have to wait for time to go by so I can play more? All set with that. Deleted within about 2 minutes. Don't bother wasting your time with this game.", "Needs offline play if possible. awsome game a total must play. could do with more planes. Like Concord. but the big thing is the number of airports missing. Where is Orlando International ...Esc..", "great game.. hard to get used to .. sometimes have to recalibrate but that's just how I adjust and sit while.playing.. autopilot is hard/weird to set up while flying but still good time killer game", "great graphics, great controls, nice concept.. one thing though.. why does it need internet connection.. thats a downside for me because i just want to pass some time when my data signal is down.. and for that i cant play the game..", "I thought the game was worth downloading, flew three missions and then the game shuts down. I can say five stars for the first missions but zero for continuation. Great concept but not happy", "Pretty good flightsim game until around level 12. Then it becomes \"world of taxiing\" and everything becomes so expensive, and it takes for ever to level up to get more routes and planes.", "very interesting game with real flight experience however its also very annoying at a time when you have to wait too long for the next mission as well as for getting extra reward you have to watch stupid advertisements. It's also encourage uers to pay....", "awesome game!! highly recomend. it is a bit on the slow side when it comes to moving forward in the game as you either need little patience or buy some credits, but that hasnt stopped me \ud83d\udc4c. the game itself though is pretty darn good. cant find really much to fault it on.", "wow! is not the word.. it is truly Amazing!! I am almost addicted to this game.. if u love flights I am damn sure U will love it... Kudos to the entire team behind developing this wonder!", "Awesomely designed, too much taxiing. Wish dummy wouldn't remind me to break every landing and comment on planes around when taxiing. It would be cool to have to be responsible for gas and keep schedules on time.", "Mostly, it is a great game and nice experience. Even though, it's kinda repetitive, but still enjoyable. It could be more nice if the real time full flight mission was available at most.", "My plane crashed. All passenger died tragically including me. This is my ghost writing the review... I will haunting you becos u failed me.", "some of the features are not as realistic but it is best app on the store for flying :) for example stall after take off and it does not allow you to change attitude of the aircraft to recover from stall. it is very annoying. and Airbus 310 does not have sharklets it has only wingtips", "Nice simulater game, just wish the developers could consider change the flying time to no more than 1 hour. The problem with those flights over 1 hour is that if you need pouse the game for a long time, when you get back to continue playing again you may not find yourself in pause game mode, so you ...Full Review", "- great play engine and graphics - earnings with advertisements are too low.. sometimes I must wait few days to earn sufficient money to buy a new plane - missing free-flight mode - sometimes is boring that other planes are waiting on taxiway, and my plane is stopped for that planes taxiing - someti...Full Review", "This app must be the most real one. Many kinds of situations are here.They are awesome.I recommend this app very much. But I want more aircrafts like a Fighter, a light aircrafts and so on.", "The game certainly is fun but seriously needs a medium difficulty. hard removes everything that guides you but easy easentially doea everything but fly. so annoyingly so that you cant try to evennuse the controls or you likely will crash. it controls throttle for you so if you get to low or put your...Full Review", "Great flight sim game. Im not too far into it but enjoying the different scenarios and looking forward to flying some of the bigger aircraft. keep up the good work developers.", "The perfect instruments and gameplay disturbed by one GLITCH: \"Waypoint altitude not reached!\" despite I'm using autopilot and already at the designated altitude, making my flight record's perfect streak flawed at flight path section", "I has one of the worst calibration in game. It suddenly doesnt even respond to my turn and calibrites very worst", "i like airline commander because it gives me another level of flight i have yet to reach an plus it's a very big help with my hand an eye coordination that is very useful to me in other areas of activities i do from day to day i also get to see the vast improvements that doing these flight simulator...Full Review", "this is an update to my last post. I LOST $50,000 ON A MISSION THAT IS STUPID LIKE YOU NOMATER WHAT YOU DO I AM DEFINITELY NOT GOING TO CHANGE MY 1 STAR RATING PS 8 AM A YOUTUBER AND I DEFINITELY WILL NOT BE RECORDING THIS STUPID GAME FOR A SINGLE VIDEO. I WILL SAY ON A VIDEO THAT THIS IS THE WORST ...Full Review", "it a fun game. a little glitchy. the ad scheme is annoying. either you pay to credits or you grow old watching the same three stupid ads. Suggestion:. Offer an ad free one-time pay version.", "You guys are the best! Gameplay? Just fantastic. My personal suggestion; please try to create a career mode similar to Simulation games, where we could build our own airport, own airlines, we can toggle between our own aircrafts, pilot simulation to various countries. Thanks for your time reading my...Full Review", "Fairly accurate simulations and controls. Great graphics and realistic experiences, but very frustrated with the game closing down every few seconds and returning back to my Home screen or pausing mid flight!!!!! What's going on??????", "Great game. Delivers the full experience. But it would be better if a voice was added saying what the atc and the trainers say instead of us just reading it on the top left corner. That would be a great addition.", "I really like the graphics and realization of flying. The only thing I wish is the full flights I want to experience the whole flight and not just the takeoff and landings. Also wish actual logos of airlines on the planes.", "This is a quite nice flight experience game because I learnt a lot about flight emergencies and other controls. But if there are more crash sound effects and MAKE A FREE FLIGHT MODE !!! Also the other AI planes are not logical like reversed direction to taxi out of gates and taking off at sand/grass...Full Review", "the game makes you stop playing to wait for coin to buy another plane license or another plane it doesn't allow you to fly your planes until you make enough money it forces you to either pay into the game with real cash to get the plane license or the plane. you got to weight extremely long time or ...Full Review", "I have played many flight simulation games but first time am seeing a simulation clubbed with connected task..u guys are amazing. I have a request that while the flight is in taxi mode can u add a small map or navigation in top corner showing the flight moving to runway..also requesting for outstand...Full Review", "Been searching for a flight game for ages but they were all boring. This Game is the best game i've ever played if you're into flights and planes.", "What the hell is going??? Give 1 star after 5 star... Since long time, 2 day ago i achive 8700 position.. Today you saw 87010 my position... Whats this? You Lost your policy..", "I am really enjoying this game. They add challenges at an adequate rate. I just wish there were tips to help fine tune the skills like softer landings. Still love it.", "would be a great game if it weren't for all the bugs. Constantly freezes, crashes, and fails to load.", "best game sim ever. I want to be a pilot when i grow up now. Then if i do become one i have a head start. Big THANKS TO AIRLINES COMMANDER.", "excellent flight sim training & experience game it's so addictive it makes you wanna come back for more.... graphics and controls and training are great i couldn't ask for more from a android game i would like the development team to copy the whole game just for helipcoters this is my no 1 Android g...Full Review", "this is the best flight sim app ive played not on a desktop. reasonable flight experience with real hazards and alarms to deal with. assisted really helps you get your bearings", "It's beyond fascinating The gameplay is smooth like its totally amazing i like the esthetics of it just the fact that u can almost have full control of the plane just as if u experience it in real as ur product is said it has a great potential to develop and grow - - > complements Update wise----> M...Full Review", "Perfect simulation game. Wonderful experience playing this game. Other simulation games just has takeoff and landing but in this game you get to practice taxing way too which give a total piloting experience. Graphics is marvelous. Controls are way to smooth.", "This game is great, anyone that says it squeezes money out if you is wrong, they haven't quite got the jist of the game, right now i own 6 planes already. but i feel like this game lacks in the sound department, all the planes (at least so far in my game) have got the same copy of sound, there's one...Full Review", "You need a better calibration tool. I have to hold my phone sideways to go straight. the calibration tool in game doesn't work. Even after 10 times. I'll raise my rating if it get fixed. Game is pretty fun.", "Very good performance and also playlity with some other half of quality its one of the most professional it sounds and it works perfect for people who wants to take an advantage in learning aviation skills and perfect so good. Well done developers, its one I was waiting for. can you add something el...Full Review", "Controls are an issue The controls wont rotate bases on the phones orientation, for instance the way the game forces me to play, the cockpit controls on the right interfear with my mobile phones touch screen menu. The moment i tap my screen in that area my phone home screen, open apps button and cas...Full Review", "Still a little difficult to control perfectly but as with anything, practice makes perfect. As I get further into the game and find that it gets easier and more exciting with future planes, I'll bump it up to the 5th star. Just a bit more proving to me that it's fully worth it. Keep it up though!!!", "Quite fun though grading of landings is weird - who lands nose down? Usually assume degree of flare to land on the main wheels. Also, stuck flying for others to get money as soon as a licence or new plane available despite having 20 or so available routes.", "enjoying so far. well crafted game. maybe a way to access all kind of controls more easily as changing control view distract the flight path.", "Love it. really easy to get used to. The different licenses ease you into it gradually so you get morre enjoyment learning the basics rather than being thrown in.", "I would love if you gave more options and add more failures. Also, add free flight and auto pilot, otherwise a really nice game!", "Terrible. I downloaded the game and immediately the calibration was way off. when holding my phone upright in the position that you think would be forward it did a complete 90\u00b0 turn so I had to hold my phone very weirdly that made me neck hurt. I attempted to recalibrate multiple times and it never ...Full Review", "It was fun for a few hours, but you quickly realize it's the same thing over and over again. Also, after buying a few new airplanes, it becomes obvious they all fly the same.", "The game is stuck on saving and then reloading. Even after reinstalling its the same. The game is not loading and stuck on loading screen.", "Not a free.. even not able to basic planes once it start to upgrade. worst..", "simplistic but enjoyable approach. I like the game, but throttle controls could be better in having a readout above the throttle so you can easily see your position when making adjustments coming in to land", "I am glad to find a flight sim with this much detail for a phone app. the only thing i find a bit frustrating is when i just want to fly i have to keep getting license to fly more which i do understand but just to fly would be nice.", "i loved the game, grapics are good controlls are good, can unlock planes/routes pretty fast how ever i wish there was a multiplayer open world where u can pick from planes you have unlocked/rank and plan flights etc and just fly around to diffrent airports besides just a basic take off or landing mi...Full Review", "love the game. It does get pretty boring just landing and taking off. i wish there was an open world setting where you could jusr fly.", "Definitely fun, great graphics, and in depth details for to controls. Just a tad repetitive though. Good for when you get frustrated with your other games. =)", "Frustrating. A waste of time. Too many ads. Repetitive, monotonous with a poorly designed learning curve. Deleting app and will not return. Avoid!", "The game was great while it worked. once i got to the embraer, the game just stopped loading and gets stuck on the boot screen.", "all this game is, is taking off and landing theres no free flight to try it for yourself all the missions are the same please add free flight its a good game but the missions are repeatable its getting boring now I like this game but please add free flight or something I want to feel like Im flying ...Full Review", "One of the best iv played so far. However, tutorials were not given to guide on full flights espacially when making the final approach. landing is also not very realistic as air craft lands with fron wheel instead of the back first. Notifications from air traffic control should be made possible to r...Full Review", "There are some bugs like when i reach or close reach a waypoint alititude, it tells me i didnt reach it. Some calibration needs, but overall its good", "Good game destroyed by in-game licensing. I soon got stuck, not allowed to fly due to the need for new aircraft, not able to purchase new aircraft due to not being able to fiy.....", "Been playing a week or two, challenging and fun. As you play, more elements are added so it gets more involved. By far one of the better flight sims I have seen.", "The game is excellent but now it's boring because I need somewhat 1.2 Million dollars to unlock A340, and the contracts available are as usual 12k, 13k that won't help, it will take around more than week to collect that sum of money. No full flight available at level 45. Is there any solution for it...Full Review", "Can't understand the logic behind perfect landing. When i thought I had good landing, I see it is a rough landing. Once after landing, plane was wobbly but it showed as a perfect landing.", "this game is nice but the problem is airline should have some names like QATAR AIRWAYS and all. and buildings graphics is bad need improve", "Terrific game with great controls and graphics. The only thing I don't like about it is that it takes a while for the game to load although I think it is worth waiting for.", "THIS GAME is awesome!!! Its for free it has ATC and even ranks!I really recomed playing it for people thatlove flyong and planes you can also learn something about planes! THE BEST plane game I ever played!! Oh and maybe you could add multiplayer later on.But otherwise the graphics amazing it shows ...Full Review", "I'm not a real pilot, but this seems fairly realistic. has some challenges to it and a learning curve. It's fun to use.", "Awesome controls and features. good graphics. only wish rudder control was available in main control view. Also, more flight contract options. do not want to fly for $3000 after I've received 20,000+ for similar flight... I like the long haul flights. more of those at a more reasonable distance woul...Full Review", "Am i missing something???? y do i need to keep using game cash to get to next level cause theres not enough game coins???? DOESNT MAKE SENSE TO ME!", "Excellent flight sim. Gameplay and graphics my only criticism is that you can't turn the engine noise down to listen to the radio chatter", "controls are ok. needs rudder control with normal view. also big issue is you spend more time on the tarmac vs flying. would like to FLY the plane instead of just steering around the tarmac, landing and take off. please add more flying to this flying game", "The overall gaming experience and graphics is good but there should be simulation and travelling experience along with take off and landing. The game is restricted to take off and landing only. Also the features and sophisticated applications of the various new aircrafts should be clear and easy to ...Full Review", "Of so many simulators of flying I've enjoyed, this is the best so far! Amazing gameplay without having to pay if you don't mind a few ads. The flight controls and simulations are top notch. Two thumbs up!", "Not happy when you need to upgrade plane. You. Know why.", "Best simulation game ive ever played. Easy control. Very detailed for an android game. You learn alot about the cockpit of a plane, if thats what your interested in. This game deserves a Good 5 stars well done to the creators.", "I fly quite often as a passenger and I'm sorry but if there we this many emergencies in real life I wouldn't fly at all. seriously like every flight some emergency", "A good challenge, excellent graphics and awesome fun. been playing for 2 weeks on and off and I'm slightly addicted", "Amazing to begin with, but impossible to reasonably complete and incredibly unbalanced. The Rortos flight engine is probably the best engine for mobile(though it really needs fixing), but the gameplay of this particular title is entirely pay to play past the Boeing 717. Flight points become almost i...Full Review", "It is taking more time for loading. Iam not able to play the game, please make sure it doesn't happen again", "LOVE the game...but It would've been nice if there were real life airlines and also a free run play option. Money income is okay but would like if it's a little bit more. The graphics is awesome", "Great game! But I would like more full flight options. The landing and taking off is getting boring!", "I fly small planes. This is very realistic. The scenarios do get repetitive after a while though.", "Good game, challenging, a real flying experience. it could be 5/5 BUT limited in creativity- such as changing plaine color, create Logo and airline name. Developers should look into it and make some changes to be the first game ever.", "I have never played such a game like this one. The GUI is so simple and far ahead of others. I am addicted to this game."], "Big Fish Casino \u2013 Play Slots & Vegas Games": ["Whatever you do new players do not buy chips if you buy chips you start losing so that way they can keep offering you deals so that you keep buying chips but you lose faster when you buy chips because they know that you would pay To get more. You're better off just playing without buying chips becau...Full Review", "Very addictive but the payouts seem to have been lost. I might hit big once a week but its rare. I made the mistake of buying coins and now it's like they won't let me win until i buy coins. Its fun and a good time killer but they're starting to take the fun out of it", "The 5 Stars are for the Support Team, they are the Best of the Best. l Rate the App 1 Star due to the fact it is just after your money, this was once a fantastic App to play. You could actually win a Jack Pot, have some big wins with loads of Fun. Now you can spin 500 times & get no wins no JPs noth...Full Review", "This is a great casino game with a large variety of slots with great graphics. The bet levels are good, you don't have to give too much away at first but don't expect to win. The win to spin ratio is appalling. I have won 15k times and spun 36k. Not good. It relaxes me though and I like the social a...Full Review", "I used to love Big Fish and Jackpot Magic Slots. But it's becoming increasingly ridiculous. I have a complaint it's almost never resolved. My latest issue is I received a pop up stating that I received 100,000 from The Fall Giveaway. I clicked on it and no 100,000 chips. I went to The Facebook Page ...Full Review", "been playing for years love the game they have sold 2x both times ya sell out bf ya tighten the screws on your longest most loyal customers. if your new to bf they'll let ya win for a minute then they'll stick it to ya. if ya wanna have a lot of chips ya better speed a lot of money. you do not have ...Full Review", "once again I am taking big fish down a star. I loved playing this game but the greed of the corporate monster has become to much, you aren't fun anymore and the jackpots are too few and far between. you take us down to zero so we will buy your fake chips. Thanks big fish for not being kind in your o...Full Review", "Bad about crashing in big wins and extra spins. Then Big Fish just throws a million chips at you like it will make up for everything. It's always your router's fault for crashing, never their server UGH!!!", "I have been playing bf slots for a long time now and have never been able to any decent play for longer than two days and am now looking to delete this game from my phone. very unfortunate bf really disappointed \ud83d\ude22", "love the big fish and magic jackpot games too. Been playing for years. I consider having to wait for bonus part of the game. I like that the there is a little different play in each. some with shared bonus. others with scatter bonus. you can plan your play. I like the graphics and style. others all ...Full Review", "ok so I go to the address you sent me to and still yet nothing. shows how much you guys care (none) bcus here I am a week later and still nothing. What was the point of me emailing when you guys just ignore it??? if I go give this 0 stars I would!", "freezes a lot but still keeps the bet money. doesnt pay out wins properly. not fun anymore. jackpot wins are impossible. I cant even access the help page or link. i spent 2 hours trying. fix my issues.", "DO NOT BOTHER DOWNLOADING THIS POS. WASTE OF TIME. WORST APP ON THE PLAYSTORE. Unless you are looking to do nothing but lose and chat there have to be better apps out there for u !!!This is a money pit!!!!", "i like a quarter of the games nut my major prolem with it is i have been playing for a very long time at level 66 and not even close to vip tear 3 and they pay outs are very far and few in between. i think its programmed so the odd time you get a good session to not let you win at a point.", "GO BIG FISH keep up the great job you guys are doing. I'm addicted to BF Casino. Keep me very busy. I just love this casino the best EVER. The best casino games I have ever played and so much fun. Keep you with a strong mind. Thanks BF", "This game is full of bots, greedy owners. If you like 2 and 3 of a kind download this app...jackpots are non existent. Don't dare waste a dollar to fill developers pocket. This app is criminal.", "UPDATE 1/24/19 Emailed tech depart. They got back quick. Gave me 600,000 coins. THANX. Missed out on much more. Another problm-If all wheels stop 4 a millisecond than keep spinin= NoWin. I hope they fix it. Happens with all slots. TEXAS HOLD IS GREAT. NOW 4STARS W1/22/19-WAS 5 STARS NOW 1. BIG PROBL...Full Review", "Life like Casino feel with the Wins and the aggravation of defeat when Big Fish Easts All My Hard Earned Chips!!!! When we're losing it is no fun!!!! Thanks for taking all my chips this game is not fun anymore I am about to delete this dumb game!!", "They are very good to new players. You will lose track of time easily. since last update, lots of freeze up. still trying to Define if it's me or the game will let you know", "Simply, The best free casino game online! My wife and I play daily, and spend way too much time, as this is way better than messing with social apps, plus, it has much more pleasure! The new games, clubs and monthly bonus chips are great! Lots of fresh games and ideas presented to keep the game play...Full Review", "BF is Rotten. all you do is lose. it was fun for a while but now it just sucks. I will boycott and keep telling everyone what a terrible game this is. dont waste your time and especially dont waste your money because if you spend on chips that's all you're doing. 0/5 stars.", "This is a favorite game of mines. I try to play every day. It's relaxing and finally starting to pay now. Why is crazy money so hard to play? Love the challenges. Thanks so much for the new games.", "Do I pay the rent, or do I pay the Game? Sorry Big Fish. C'mon... Give the players a little break. Take the locks off the machines so that folks can smile for awhile.... A LONG WHILE!!! Thanks!! \ud83d\ude00", "Terrible payouts. Been playing for some time now and cannot win anything. Don't waste your money on this game. Pathetic!!", "I have been playing Big Fish for awhile now. I enjoy the new games when they come up. I also like playing old games as well. And you make good friends along the way to play with. So give it a try.", "love it alot. lots of choices. the commercial for the game caught my attention years ago. sadly though it seems like im always losing and it wants me to buy coins. but otherwise very enjoyable", "This game use to be fun and full of winnings....now, all you do is loose and have to buy, buy, buy....just to play. It's sad to see something that was a 5 star and so much fun, go bad. I give it a 1 star.", "Winnings not accurately credited to chip balance and if you bet 1k, it deducts 3k from your chip balance. not happy with so many glitches and 0000000 spins. greedy bfc", "BIG. FISH...... Sort of fun. Feel like I'm being punished for spending 4.99 on chips. Now y'all are trying to force me to buy by breaking me. So, not fun at all. Please make my games fun again..jeeze ..come on bf . please", "I've had this app for several years and I can count on one hand the number of jackpots I've hit!! The game is no longer fun when Big Fish will not let you win anything! All they want is you to spend $$ and even then they won't let you win anything! What a joke!!", "I love these games and wish you all would add bingo with it I am liking the new game burner 3 poker I would like to make a suggestion could you make the slots Rollin rich V.I.P. GAME too please haven't been having much luck but it doesn't stop me from playing I play every night it's my relaxation ti...Full Review", "Very slow getting to VIP status. Big wins are few and far between. Free chips are always welcome and club play helps to keep going. Play everyday to add free chips is great.", "I didn't think you could sink any lower but I was wrong! Now you have free 200K gold bars for those who can afford to bet 1mil or more each spin. DOESN'T HELP NEW PLAYERS OR LONG TIME PLAYERS WHO DON'T HAVE 1MIL TO BET. ** NOT BUYING WITH REAL MONEY TO GET FAKE CHIPS!", "If you enjoy playing slots. Then BFC is for you.  Daily free spins, every half hour free chips, tournaments, buddies to chat with and loads of casino games to choose from. Let's not forget that they have casino card games and horse racing and wheel roulette. The list goes on & on. Join us and I'm su...Full Review", "2\\18\\19 Still having a great time playing. Have tried 2 new slot games and I am winning lots of coins. Come and join a team and see how much fun you will have.Great game to play. Download it and you will see how much fun it is!! Still as much fun as when I started. Still love playing when I'm board....Full Review", "please send an update your games are free wheeling and shutting down whats wring ?? i like playing but frustrated please help, there should be an update button for us to keep up with everything", "this and jms are the worst 2 slot games ever much more chance on any other slot game these are just greedy and prices of chips to hit nothing disgusting. American apps are the worst ever goodbye greedy bastards", "TO ALL; PUT BIG FISH CASINO on your playlist, hours of fun and rexciting games. (10 MILLION and counting players!!!!!) INNOVATIVE GAMES,GREAT BONUS EVERY HALF HOUR, and a social network unlike any other. FIVE STARS", "I always give this app good reviews because , customer service (The Pond) is always helpful ..... My suggestion is to have fun ,relax!! So play ,win ! Don't forget to like the Facebook page and get freebies \ud83d\ude01!!Also in your email,it helps !!! Good luck to all of you future spinner's \ud83d\ude0a", "Wwwooorrrddd! Excellent games. Don't win as often as I use to. Since I don't win as often, I have stopped buying chips. Which means I don't play as much. Which means I have found other places to play. Oh well.", "Had to come, back...I really enjoy this one! Surprised with 10k..Never a dull moment, playing at Big Fish Casino! As always, free chips just to see if im having fun..I AM!Another 10k to see if I'm having fun.10k, to let you know, I'm having fun.Another 10k,asking if I'm having fun...of course I am!S...Full Review", "Love this game. Have some issues with collection get bonuses and payouts. Slow network lots and game sluggish. Hope for improvement", "104,050 spins 16,020 wins. But 90% of those wins are less than what you are betting in the first place... Absolute Rubbish...WORSE THAN HUUUGE CASINO... And that says Everything.. LMAO.. 0 outta 10..This game sucks arse!!!!!", "So much fun and just love the way you can get some new friends from all over the world. Love love love and super addicted", "you guys were down for one day cause of difficulties and then when I try to log in today you restarted my weekly login I'm very pissed about that you better do something about it or ill delete this app", "Lots lots lots of Great games! Im still having fun!!! Still having lots of fun but sometimes the game dont respond and u have to keep logging off\ud83d\ude22great", "Play a different casino game. Cause this one is a scam..", "not happy with this game at all, spent too much real money for their chips and them not giving back any chips. I realize this is just a game but it's not fun anymore", "i can not express how much this gaming site sucks! its greedy, unfair, people that play it linger in rooms, for chips or some unknown reason.. do yourself the biggest favor and take it from a once a VIP tier 10.. dont install!", "Been playing this game for years but the odds have gotten worse and you never win unless you purchase\ud83d\ude1f It used to be my favorite game out of all of them but it is quickly slipping to the bottom of my list...any further and it will get deleted\u2639", "Thanks BF :-) Yes I'm Having Fun When I play!Thanks BF & BFCS U All are the Greatest Casino &Team Staff that I had the privileges to be a part of ur BFC Family! I\u2661U:-) Ur still a 10 in my life:-) Wishing for Big Wins in 2019 !!! Happy New Year's! Thanks for THE FUN !!! Have A Nice Day! Thanks again!", "I love playing the games it helps my day go by I am disabled just got on phone makes it easier to play....lotsa new games too fast losing old games u really loved to play....", "Big Fish Casino is giving newer accounts bigger return bonuses. My return bonus is 180,000 and my wife's is only 50,000. She has been playing for years and made purchases yo become a VIP. This is not fair.", "As you level up and unlock better tiers your bonus vaults and level up bonuses increase drastically, but the odds I swear decrease. Especially the more you buy, the more you lose. If you're smart and patient you can easily make a profit constantly (even while also funding your club 1M daily), but th...Full Review", "people you meet are from everywhere but the app itself well that's a different story not much winning sitting and collecting chips to play, unless you want to spend real money and that's no guarantee you play for long or win anything", "Addictive online-only casino fun. Unlock your way to riches in a variety of games. Dozens of slots plus blackjack, roulette, Texas Hold 'Em poker, horse racing, and more. Generous starting chips with periodic bonuses. Recommended for group or solo players. Repeat: online only - it must connect to th...Full Review", "love this app. so much fun. only reason i didnt give 5 stars is because i wish there were chances to get real money, and i dont like that you have to start from scratch when you play on a new device.", "I think you have a friendly casino, I like to chat with other players and I'm glad you give players that option. I'd like to win more so I could receive a crown but my chances look slim. Anyway carry on what your doing thumbs up.", "I love Big Fish they are always coming up with new games. Keeps it interesting. A Lot of older games go to are still great to play and win. It doesn't take much to give it a try . Good Luck", "Love the slots abd bonuses but the payoffs haven't been as often as before.pay offs esp. Bison Blitz. getting discouraged.", "Big Fish has improved in the last while. I was going to quit due to poor payouts. will stay to see how it goes. A good selection of fun games", "love this game. drawback is expiring bonus coins. would be nice if we could collect them for longer than 24 hours.", "BF has tightened up you winning so you have to buy chips without anything in return. DON'T recommend getting it!!!", "BF needs to fix their servers & loosen up the slots! No wins makes for no fun!!\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20", "I really think that its set up right. Now it may be wrong to others but for me its okay.. i love it", "Very nice fun free slots big wins what else could you ask for one of my favorite games just hoping to have better luck", "This is a great app. A lot of fun meeting nice people and making friends for life long . The tournaments are fun and you can play competitive or just for fun . The clubs are nice as we work together to win. Great friends. Today is a great day to start playing.", "This game is great lots of fun and entertainment love the fact that you can get free chips every day so it is free if you don't have the extra money to buy chips", "So far.it is ok, bonus's are small..hard to reach vip 4, I'm in level, 169+ and still not close to level 4, if not on level 4 you can't play the higher levels..", "Big fish slots is fun, great way to spend time with friend and family In other states. You can start a club with friends and family or meet new players. A way to stay connected and have fun.", "very cool because you get to draw money down every day so you never really go broke if you want you can play as much as couple of times a day free for pretty long I think it's a good app", "Amazing App Love BFC exciting Slots for every player enjoyment . You meet and make friends unversal..its a must try ..\ud83d\ude4c\ud83d\ude4c\ud83d\ude4c", "Love playing as a group and against other groups our team has been knocking it out of the park lately! Just won 100,000.00 points, from a big fish Give away!!!", "2/2 The game keeps knocking me off repeatedly. I the middle of snow day, whether it is the 4.5k mi bet it the 18k min bet. it has happened 4 times between 10:25 2/2 and just now 3:48 am 2/2. I can't even play a game without being thrown out of a room.It also occurred in 87 Jackpot as I was betting 1...Full Review", "I.can assure you that Everyone will have Big Fish Fun!!!!! fantastic voyage with BIG FISH GAMES.THANK YOU. BFG.So cime and joun the club", "Overall good game with a lot of play options! The only slight negative is the graphics could be better.", "I am upset. i did not sign in on that fishy app and want t o have it removed. thank you", "the bunny game is defective,it has blackout blocks half the screen at times,and jackpot 87 has,gives me a wild and no payout ,BIGFISH you need to correct this problem,", "It's been hard to win anything lately. Cool games. Play everyday. Love it. Easy to play. I like the dragon game, Divine 5.", "I've met people from all over the Country and all Around this world; friendly people, who are interested in the Casino,. some play harder than others.. no but has the true vibe of being in the Casino Spotlight; Great Clubs,right now when someone hit big in the club you belong everyone gets a kickbac...Full Review", "All the games are fantastic you have a good time if you join one of our clubs cuz I joined and I've been with them for over a year you make some good friends", "like the games but HATE all the interruptions tring to get us to buy coins or play certain games one right after another maybe slow them down to one an hour", "always loosing with bfc not fun anymore help out a little so I can play the more expensive slots unreal can't even get a good win!", "Addicting fun! Great new games. Love playing in a club. The new banksaver is a neat addition.", "I think the slots don't win like they should do we have to keep buying chips to play I've become very disappointed with big fish", "Changed my mind. Been playing for a bit. It's totally rigged. Let's you win a little then tries to coerce you into buying coins. Virtual coins. Total con. Not worth anyone's time. Be warned.", "You will have fun but when your on a wining streak Go game to game to keep winning Good luck to all that play", "I hope all this maintenance will make it fun once again....perhaps I'll give it a chance", "a good game to start off with but it is absolutely terrible now can't get any decent wins it's an absolute joke !", "THE SPINS SUCK. BF SLOWS THEM DOWN SO WE DONT HIT BIG", "I love this game. so far I can't find another one that's better", "I wish I had heard about you sooner! The free daily spin tournaments are fun and I've already placed (won) in them twice. I found a great Club. Truly enjoying the stress free atmosphere here.", "Fun games when you're waiting, bored or just want to play a game!! Awesome Fun!!! Love it!!!!!! \u263a\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude06\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0e \ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\u263a\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude06\ud83e\udd17\ud83c\udf89\ud83c\udf86\ud83e\udd17\ud83c\udf86\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude06\ud83d\ude03\ud83e\udd17\ud83d\ude01\ud83e\udd29\ud83d\ude4f\ud83d\ude01\u263a\ud83e\udd42\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\ude01\ud83c\udf89\ud83d\udcaf\ud83d\ude01\ud83e\udd29\ud83d\ude0a", "fun game but if u want me to spend money how about letting me win sometimes don't ever think ill pay for something i lose at all the time", "Great fun game! Ups and downs like a real casino.", "they are awesome, they helped me recover a lost account and where very helpful about it! love this game", "Luv games luv my friends I dont like always loosing not fair. Need to turn on my win button plz bfc", "When people ask me what I'm doing in my spare time I usually reply I have bigger fish to fry, that is of course code for \"Big Fish Casino\". Outta here. Ciaobella", "how do you plah 777it said ready is this free .it takes to long. to load spend all your timr waiting for game to liad cant play changing from a five to a threeshould be lower but all the gamed are like that people eill stop playing if you dont speed up the loafing ptocess i sat here 3hours havent pl...Full Review", "lots of fun. people are nice. i do suggest joining a team", "My favorite app!!! Better and more frequent bonuses / wins would be greatly appreciated!!!! Thank you", "such a rip off designed to steal real world money", "I'm not a gamer but there's so many choices to play, this is great!", "I love this slot game. It cost nothing and it is a lot of fun", "I'm surprised no one's killed them selfes over this game", "can't remember been a long time.", "I love this game so very much.You can escape your troubles in your real life and just play for hours & hours at a time.Make new friends and chat away for days.", "Awesomeness addictive for sure \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude0e graphics are incredible great pay outs and great friends", "having fun getting big wins and lots of chips. great way to spend half hour downtime", "Great graphics and tuns of fun. You will want to play all day and night.\ud83e\udd20 the best game ever.lots of free stuff. Awesome payouts.", "Love this game it is so cool. Love the horse races!!", "many choices, can't win unless you buy, maybe 3 minutes of play then you're out of chips", "BIG fish slots are something special from the usual slots in the market. Try it and u would know their special difference from others. Updated on 12-02-2019", "Pretty good games! Be sure you've a good internet connection. Lose a lot without it! They've made improvements! nice updates and seem to care if people enjoy the games", "Slots are fun to play in the evening while I watch the news. Lots 9f fun. app keeps crashing!!! Can't play!!!!", "ABSOLUTELY GREAT, FUN, AND ADDICTING GAME!", "Sorry this app sucks. I went to $15 million down to $99 thousand with no mini jackpots. Going uninstalled.", "Must have best slots out today.excellent the best ever so far. YOU WIN BUT YOU LOSE MORE. but hey that's gambling. And it's fun.", "haven't even played yet so we well see how we go", "I Think the slots are a little tight. But fun..", "Great games with tournaments and clubs. You can be social or just spin on your own. I enjoy the site and have met many friends on the site.", "Big Fish Casino Slots is the best way to go you better get it now before it is too late hurry up you guys get the app it goes.", "It doesn't get any better than this!", "Won't display properly on Samsung tab2, keeps telling me to upgrade but there is no upgrade in playstore.", "Luv the game it's fun to play hope new games come soon", "Single player against game - like it, play everyday, like the stick and win best! keep coming back for more. thanks for chip opportunities!", "Enlarging the spin button was good but it's now harder to raise your bet", "Love the graphics and challenges. Chatt and playing along with gifting is great fun too. Like the share games too!!", "where is the coins you get when someone gets scatter", "BF Casino games keep slots very much interested and fun. Thanks !@mail", "cant stop playing", "super addicted to this game.....hate to admit it but it literally alters my mood!", "Great Fun and Great Friends! Fun Slot Tournaments! Best Online Casino App Available online!", "We are spinners great people to spin with come and join us come check out my club and clubs", "i always run out of money no jackpots", "I love this game! Great fun! Hits better than the real slots in the actual casino\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude05 We are having so much fun here on Big Fish Casino games. Come on join us. So much fun!", "this is an amazing game and always has been buy right now every time I try to play slots the app crashes and I can't play slots at all", "easy to use good games neen a little work got something for eveone", "Love it well i use to they needs to loosen up a bit everyone is choking other than that i play it all the time", "You will be a loser in no time.", "It is a fun game but when i spend a little cash to get coins you don't get to play as long as you like.", "Love It Even More!", "Its such a great Game! Love Big Casino!", "Too much Fun!! Worldwide friends \ud83d\udc4d I love the Clubs being added!", "It's very addicting", "good time until you lose", "I cant make purchases. Why I can't I bill my app purchases to my mobile account anymore? I've tried multiple lines of services and it keeps denying my purchases. Yet, I can make purchases on other apps.", "Fantastic games! Lots of games to choose from and the chips giving is very generous.", "Great way to relax and pass time. The only thing that would make it better is if the wins were real", "GREAT FUN lotta fun real fun yup yup woo hoo yippee yippee yay woo hoo still fun whaaawhoooo ! Always fun addicting", "The jackpots are slim but overall fun.", "it would be nice if you could win more, I refuse to buy coins just to play.", "I enjoy it very much.", "exciting,fun great time", "lose alot more than you win", "i see that i win chips and dont get them", "This is one of the best apps and games out there. I would be lost without it.", "I really enjoy playing all the games.", "My favorite Casino game, been returning to it ON/OFF for yrs now & its just keeps getting better!", "Great game and good time, great friends..gl and have fun", "STILL LOVE the game. Recommend it 2 every1. Play every chance u get. U can't go wrong. I'm still at it.", "Awesome app, \ud83d\ude00 I play it every day,,, brings exciting entertainment \ud83c\udf89\ud83c\udf8a and new friends \ud83d\udc83 to my world \ud83c\udf0e", "I'm a 4 year player and I love Big Fish. It's the best online casino available. My friends have tried it and they enjoy it every day", "Great slots games for those quiet moments with yourself.", "Awesome. But should be able to collect the left over of the original 3 rolls instead of loosing them", "No fun hardly win anything", "Big Fish casino has lots of games and tournaments with Big wins & daily prize vaults. I love this game", "Love my Club and people in it they are much fun and really congratulate one another and have fun Fun Fun, love the games. love love this game", "I enjoy this casino site the most So far! Easy to use! lots of slot choices and easy to understand the set up", "I like the Games and meeting people and I love my Club ! ! !", "love the game very entertaining loads of fun hours of gameplay well if u win lol good qork bigfish very cool game lovw tge r cool", "Super Fun to PLAY!", "classic slot keep crashing, I did all the recommended solution still crashing.", "new Bank is a crock!! to get the chips u won, u need to buy them back!", "I am totally addicted to this game!!", "Love playing and being with friends. Big fish Rocks", "you have stoped my game and i can,t understand it?", "Thank you Big Fish Games for taking the time to help me with the problems I was having,,, You're the greatest!!", "what wrong with the game not connected", "Love Big Fish Sooo!! Awesome. Thanks BF !!!", "great game love playing", "Always fun with the new and different slots that are always coming out.", "Great game ever you make great games keep up the great work", "Big Fish has new games\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude00! I really like playing the online slots!Keep up the good work.\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00", "the best casino game on the market hands down! a lot of different games to play as well as a huge selection of slots.", "fun to play but don't win enough to keep playing . hitting a jackpot is almost impossible.", "It has so many games to play, good payouts, good incentives every 30 minutes to keep playing, & I just love it! It is my favorite game to play!!!", "Best slots game out... need to fix bugs like spinning for 45 seconds and not paying out after ...", "I have met a lot of great people. I actually met my bff on this game\ud83d\ude01", "This is so much fun I love the slots", "awesome games but hard to get big payouts", "Best casino game ever!!! Lot's of fun and surprises.", "for a fun, free , calming and relaxing game BF is too tight. also would like to see more increments of betting below the 125k levels. how about 6ok, 75k, 80k, 90k", "Awesome!!!!!! Very fun!! And it keeps me coming back for more. Really Addictive!!!!!", "love this slots\u2665\ufe0f", "Payouts need to be better in the bonus rounds.", "Love it lot of fun . Good pay outs", "Hey BF, please let me win again!", "This is so addicting and exciting. Sometimes it's like being in the casino.", "I win on this site more than any other gambling site"], "Bingo Blitz\u2122\ufe0f - Bingo Games": ["Even with support request... the crazy idea of limiting power ups, especially the chests, which should be unlimited. Makes the game very frustrating to play. Considering it's not real $'s it doesn't make sense why the game is even more restrictive than it used to be 4yrs ago. Considering deleting th...Full Review", "ive given you a 2 star because the app has gone worse instead of better, i use to love playing this app because every player were friendly and would help if u had an ungiftable shad, but now players are just bingoing for the sake of it, bb doesnt help either there are no main rooms available after l...Full Review", "stupid app started declining my account for purchases being billed through my cellphone provider. Never heard back from customer support so annoyed!", "horrible it freezes my phone every time. good luck ever winnin a game. and the shadows are super hard to get. games gone down hill. not worth down loading.", "a lot of times the voice be doubling up two different people calling at the same time also sometimes it doesn't call out the numbers but yet is playing a lot of defects in this game I reboot it several times still have this problem by cutting it off and wait a while and restarting it does not help a...Full Review", "I am enjoying the game but I have not received the bonus \"credits for a year\" from placing in a bonus game or the silver \"daily\" bonuses. Also on on my ph I am unable to check already called bingo numbers, to ensure I have a chance. Fun but frustrating", "Sorry to say that I had to delete Bingo Blitz as of February 22, 2019. It got to the point where the game kept glitching and freezing to the point where it just about crashed my tablet. Maybe in the future when issues are fixed I will reinstall game.", "Love it!! p.s. I love it so much that, even thou it hacked me with 100 credits. But I'm still here \ud83d\udc96", "was the best bingo game ever until it fails to open always saying :\" an error has occured, please make sure you are connected to the internet and try again later\", althought nothing is working (uninstall and reinstall / trying on diffirent internet servers ) and no body is replying from the develope...Full Review", "this game is waste of tym . when you will level up then u found no bingo in any room nd your credits gets zero \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02 i am on level 80 but i don't have enough credit to play bingo when i collect credit nd try to play then i loss my credit without made any bingo \ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20 i hate this game rytnow . g...Full Review", "would get 5 stars but game keeps crashing while in daily tournament costing me a full round.", "love it... my problem was fixed thank you.", "App keeps closing when i start to play a game", "So much fun that it gets a bit addicting", "I have a question, can this game be played without Wi-Fi?", "love it, just need more chips without having to buy them.", "love love love this game...been playing it for years...its definitely my most favorite bingo game.", "I love this game it is a challenge and keeps my mind thinking quickly!", "i love this game, i wish we could still buy items in the game rooms", "love this game wish u could exchange your coins for credits", "I like this game", "I love playing Bingo Blitz it is very entertaining", "good bingo game .", "fun. favorite game ever!!!", "love this game its great", "love the game very very addictive", "This game is addictive.", "great past time.", "so much fun", "I love this game", "awesome game to play", "was ok", "wow", "i LOVE it\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc9e\ud83d\udc98", "Love this game", "enjoy bingo", "very fun", "love this game", "i love this game", "very good", "fun as heck", "GREAT Fun", "it was fun", "it is wonderful", "great", "cool", "awesome", "nice", "outstanding", "Addictive! This game starts out GREAT!!! Has you winning and feeling like you got the hang of it, let you level up nice a fast. HA! Once you get around 80 or so, you'll find yourself slowing down and then needing that little fix. Spending their little .99-$4.99 once in awhile. I'm telling you, once ...Full Review", "wish there was a way to exchange power ups for coin or a different power up. got so many chest and coins ones its ridiculous, never get the other ones in have when playing because I have so few of them compared to those 2 power ups. Also it is seems the same people are winning bingos after 3 or 4 ba...Full Review", "Whenever I get BINGO i ALWAYS get a \"bad call\" message! And I make sure I clear my cache and cookies before starting as suggested by their tech. I like Bingo Pop better. It automatically detects I get BINGO and I can get more than one BINGO per card. In fact, you can get up to Four BINGOS on one car...Full Review", "game is glitchy. freezes, then calls 5 or more numbers all at once. my phone is new, and my wifi is fine, so its definitely an app issue. I love this game, but I'm uninstalling it, since it doesn't work anyway.", "it's a good game but seems to always glitch! I'll use tokens to buy a round and it will get out of it and I'll lose those and end up with none to continue the game. it also seems to be the same people who always win the bingo and I only get 3 numbers on a card? I spent my own money to get more token...Full Review", "I love this game, can't get enough. There's one thing that ticks me off, you can never get the number to register on the last call. Makes you feel like you've been robbed.", "Sends me to Google play instead of opening game. Then when I hit play it takes me to game but I don't get any bonus", "Pretty cool, but getting hard to play with so few credits & it's too expensive to buy enough credits to get everything done. So not able to do a lot on the quests, but I do what I can in the rooms with the little I have & it's still a pretty fun game.", "only Issue - Control Button Flips when daubing number fast. Also, Game Has For Some Reason \"Cant Connect To Server, Even Though Playstore! Try Again, Or Games WontLoad. Sends Back To Beginning Page.", "ok ever since I connected this game to Facebook it keeps freezing and then I lose whatever I was doing in game because I have to close it out. I like the game but not sure if I should not just delete it.", "it used to be fun before the pop ups forcing me to clic on them in order to play.. dont like it any more, im deleting the app..", "can't get it to work half the time actually 99.9% of the time I used to love this game every day now I can't even get it to come online", "I luv this game.i play it all the time..i dont have time to play real bingo at a bingo hall so this is next best thing.", "Have played this for quite some time now uninstalled it age's ago as I rarely got any bingos and that's as the name says the goal... Thought I'd give it another go well nothing has changed still rarely get bingo no matter how many card's I have, what I can't understand is how some people are getting...Full Review", "Not working, open up app and just sits on screen with the cat and mouse backpacking across the world with no load screen or any indication its working. Will rate 5 stars if fixed.", "always getting screwed over by bingo blitz love the game but tired of being told I already excepted things I didnt get tired of losing all my credits and getting screwed", "I had over 14 Diamonds left after scratching 2nd card now EVERYONE OF THEM is gone. If I had known this I WOULD HAVE saved till I got 75 Diamonds. Things have been getting bad with Bingo Blitz, Especially in the Tournament Arena. Doesn't ANY REAL HUMAN READ OUR MESSAGES??????? Or is it all Computers...Full Review", "HELL IM DOING GREAT WHY HAVENT I WON ANYTHING YET ITS LOOKING LIKE IVE WASTED MY TIME", "nothing but a bunch of hackers in this game. how the hell do you get bingo in the first 3 numbers?!? it takes at least 4 to get a bingo!! i'm done!", "Love this game but the past few days it's froze on both my tablet and my phone", "About the most real bingo you can find", "love your bingo it's fun and told lots of my friends about your bingo bb", "this game is rigged because as i play sometimes i accidently hit the bingo? thing and its a bad call and doesnt let you have it back which is pretty unfair??????", "No time to play this game I have to clean the driveway", "why won't it let me play Bingo Blitz it just keeps coming up can't connect to savers", "My online friends list not working sometimes only showing few friends on one account right now on one of my accounts", "keeps saying i have a connection problem when i clearly have joke", "wish chips was eaiser to obtain but i love it regardless", "i really like this game. the only thing that could make it better to me is to be able to trade the coins for bingo chips.", "currently on a long losing streak.", "i just hit level 11 i can play all day", "Jeeezzzz.... This game keeps freezing after 2 or 3 rounds . Ads and prizes pop up while you are playing so you miss a lot of numbers and the voice dissappears for no reason .....", "It's a fun game to play against each other right now everyone. i already past this level.", "very good game but feel sad when there are no credits..", "I love this game\ud83d\udc99!!! But, we need options to win more credits.", "Great fun filled game with lots of lovely bonuses \ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04", "this is crazy but is good and hopefully it fake if it is fake I guess I going to remove it all", "I really enjoy this app", "only game i love to play...hope to earn or receive some prizes", "didnt get to play", "I love bingo", "fun and easy to play", "good game. need more credits.", "always fun and meeting new friends", "do not enjoy that type of gaming", "cant play bingo blitz", "fun exciting each and every game.", "fun and relaxing. its me time", "I love this bingo game", "fun and time goes quick", "I love this game.", "I do it", "just love to play..", "I love playing bingo blitz", "fun kills boredom", "It's a blast", "love bingo", "I need help", "i really like this game its part of my chill time", "This game is amazing", "I love the game but need a emoji to start it", "I like it", "acha he", "love this game.", "i really enjoy playing", "I love bingo blitz", "fun game of bingo for everyone", "\ud83d\ude01", "very nice", "it fun love it", "love the game", "ok", "Perfect", "it was great", "love it", "great game", "it's fun and challenging", "mke", "hurenspiel", "fab", "fun for everyone", "loads of fun", "i love this game", "nice game", "difficult", "love it", "great", "good", "love it", "amazing", "good", "good", "love it", "awesome", "love it", "love it", "awesome", "i love it", "Well still stuck playing this one. It's just a good bingo. However I do wish guests would not be able to compete in tournaments. As it takes from those of us that play daily. After playing since 2011 you think you'd see lots more credits as well, since the rooms are way more expensive. Come on BB le...Full Review", "daily tournament is screwed up. it has not worked for 5 days now. number is called before you get your cards and when you use a power up you can not see the cards.", "other than buying extras the game is fun...way overpriced items to buy !", "I love the game but it is so hard to finish rooms unless you buy everything", "Absolutely The Best Bingo Game Ever!!!!!", "I enjoy this game", "love this game", "great game", "LOVE!!!!!", "fun", "AWESOME", "Each morning, one of my first actions is to claim my credits on Bingo Blitz! By far my favorite game \ud83d\ude0d. I just wish I could level up at a faster rate!! What I love best about Bingo Blitz are all the clever themes, graphics and interactive ways to play. Plus out of all the games I play, you have the...Full Review", "Great game for relaxing with. I might not get to play the map cities every day but I try to at least play the 5 free bonus games. From the time I get up til almost bedtime I'm tending my chickens, ducks, cats and dogs needs. I have a poultry \"mini farm\" and it takes most of my time up, so when I am ...Full Review", "DON'T WASTE MONEY ON THIS GAME! This would be a really fun game if it didn't require spending a ton of money after you reach a certain level. The tournaments are impossible to win, you can't win any of the events without having a ton of credits and after you reach a certain level it cost too many to...Full Review", "They are very greeting in giving credits away, maybe 20 credits here or there but when you consider on average 1 round of bingo with 4 cards is 110 - 150 credits that is not very much. They make there hard to get items nearly impossible to get and hard to complete rooms when you can't get them. Star...Full Review", "I USE TO love this game !! would play it more often if they would fix the bugs!! on the daily bonus spins I am supposed to get 50% more on blue coins but only getting the 30%... I have reported it twice and only thing in response I get is to clear cookies and cache...and once i got 20 blue coins to ...Full Review", "favorite game ever! I have been playing this game since 2012 and I am so happy with this game! there isn't any other bingo app out there that compares to this one! I have downloaded at least 15 other bingo games and I ALWAYS come back to this one. I couldn't be happier with it bingo blitz! Best Bing...Full Review", "I have been playing Bingo Blitz for years and yes, using your words, it is \"awesome\"! Each morning when I turn on my computer, Bingo Blitz is the first thing I do. Before reading news and before checking my email. Then I check Facebook for any Bingo Blitz gifts from Blitzy. Fun way to start my day!", "Good game and fun. my only complaint is that some games have a very high credit to play..otherwise its fun and keeps me busy. I like all the different challenges they do... its a good time killer for sure. and the best bingo game available on the Play Store.", "I don't know what happened between me breaking my phone a few days ago and getting a new one today but it's not fun if I can't see all 4 cards on the same screen. I had a headache after one round. I've played for years and loved it until now. If that was an update it was a terrible one.", "I'm not one to play games, but here I am totally addicted to Bingo Blitz!! I even set my alarm to wake up early just to collect my credits and play. You have to try this out for yourself. you'll be addicted too!!", "Bingo Blitz offers players Bingo with a variety of additionsl challenges built inyo the game. I have enjoyed getting to know many great people from many countries, states and time zones. You can play alone but the game improves significantly when players help rach other to conquer Blitzy's challenge...Full Review", "This game is an abusive relationship. The free gameplay is perversely mean. The rooms are sparsely completeable, over an obscenely long amount of time. You will despise yourself for playing it. You will develop conspiracy theories about coding. You will never complete a contest. You will never be sa...Full Review", "GREEDY I've played for years. Used to love this game, however, they've become greedy. I have spent money, and still they take and take. Seriously thinking of not playing anymore. There are other bingo games that are not as greedy. It is a fun bingo game, but don't count on finishing their extra stuf...Full Review", "I used to really enjoy this game. Now, I can barely make it past the opening screen to collect my daily credits without a bunch of pop ups. I don't want to play the side quests, I just want plain bingo. I can't even skip past everything, it makes you click on stuff to go to that section. I have thou...Full Review", "I HAVE AN ISSUE WHICH IS TOUGH 4 ME 2 GET AN ANSWER VIA TECHNICAL SUPPORT! I AM AT LEVEL 239, I HAVE COMPLETED ALL BUT 1 ROOM AS WELL AS MOST SEASONAL ROOMS & I'VE BEEN AT THE SAME DAILY CREDITS 4 YRS! I REMEMBER A TIME THEY WENT UP WHEN I 1ST STARTED. I WAS EVEN ELITE 4 AWHILE & STUPID ME, I HAVE P...Full Review", "My rating would be higher if the game would load! It stopped loading with last update. I checked and BB is the only Active app. It was not expired and I have removed and reinstalled several times with still no access. It tells me I have no internet access on 2 different devices but I am posting aren...Full Review", "They are lying crooks who steal your credits, refuse to refund them, even though they say they do. After 4 days of back & forth emails to customer support (which there is none to speak of), they said they reimbursed the credits they stole, but never did. They don't care about their players. All they...Full Review", "Thanks to the cards jumping around at the beginning, you might end up with a 'bad bingo' when you're trying to click the numbers. Or, if you're lucky, you'll just be stuck waiting for the round to start. Even though you've paid for your cards. With time to spare. And then the round starts, and you'r...Full Review", "you know there has been downs but on the other hand its unique, cute and fun. I have to admit it is the only bingo game not only addictive but always wondering \"whats next\"?.. I say its more thumbs up than down and deffinatly the cats meow!! The kid in me wabts to add one more thing..what if random ...Full Review", "I've been playing since 2011 and this game has kept me company through so many good and bad times that I want to say thank you for being here! This game is fast paced and fun.", "what can i say...this is the most awesome game ever...so addictive. I play it all day long if i can. If i run out of credits or coins then i go looking for some...gotta play it everyday!!! I love bingo blitz. I love the messenger game n all the post on the facebook page. IT'S AWESOME!! Its the best!...Full Review", "This has to be my absolute favorite bingo game to play. The mini events are amazing, the bonuses from the FB page are incredible, the daily tournament is great. My only complaint is that I never have enough credits to play as much as I'd like. LOVE YOU, BLITZY!", "Bingo Blitz is very fun to play!!! Its just not enough credits being won to be able to keep playing during my \"me time\". It's my go to game when I'm looking for exciting fun\ud83d\ude01", "love love love this game! im a tad bit addicted lmao!! ive had very minimal errors or glitches and when ive had a problem BB admins would always fix it in a timely manner! ive been playing this game for 7yrs i believe. ive gottena few of my family and friends addicted as well!! they always have new ...Full Review", "The game itself is fun, but that's just the bingo. Getting hijacked in the middle of the menus for peripheral tasks that I'm not interested in with absolutely no way to get out of them is incredibly frustrating. Also, there is no option in the settings to turn off the unnecessary notifications. Unin...Full Review", "Awesome game! They give you a subsrantial amount of credits to play and advance in the game. The side quests are engaging and addictive. Whether you have a vast aocial network or not this game will keep you occupied for hours. Loving the new updates and pwrsonalizations you can add to your account.", "The best bingo game out there for an adrenaline junkie like me. Biggest down fall is the rewards don't increase significant enough as you advance, so in order to play more than one or two rounds you have to purchase credits. Joining Elite didn't get the advantages expected. I absolutely love this ga...Full Review", "Bingo Blitz is an outstanding FREE app and must have for any bingo player/lover out there! They give tons of freebies to help you get the most out of your gaming experience along with very few and minor bugs or issues in the several years I have used the app daily, including the online web version.", "i love this game and app! Very addicting and before Bingo Blitz I never ever spent money on any other game/app but I do here, that's the only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5, because Bingo cards can be costly if you boost your cards but that is the only way you can earn items in rooms faster to c...Full Review", "Best bingo game ever!! I've been playing this one on and off since 2011 and it never gets old! I've never found one that grabs my attention for very long like this one. Bingo Blitz offers so many rewards and just so many games to choose from. Awesome!", "This is by far the best live bingo game I've found. Its not only Bingo; its slots and trivia too . not to mention all the bonus games you can play. I love all the challenges, the tournament room, and all the bonuses you receive. There is always something new and exciting every time I play. If you ar...Full Review", "my favorite bingo game! just wish I could get more credits. dont get to play long unless you buy coins.", "i used to love this game but not anymore !!! i been playing it for years and it was fine up untill these new people took it over !!!! now its nothing but \"guest\" bots !!! its bad when you play 1000 credits and dont win one thing !!! maybe this game needs investigated!! because they are putting guest...Full Review", "i love playing Bingo Blitz. i keep checking all day for extra bonuses so I can sneak another game in. Yesterday I had no bingo chips but i had 6000 coins so I decided to play Lucky Lady slots. It was sure lucky because I kept winning and ended up with over $4 million. So i kept spinning upto the nex...Full Review", "it's fun.. when you can play...but the low daily credits and high cost of cards makes it a very short experience. the slots almost never pay out. You have to pay real money if you want an experience to last more than 10 min a day.", "Yeah, no. I'm changing my review from a 5 to a 1. New owners don't even care. It's wild. What a shame, BB. What happened?", "Love this game most of the time. Sometimes it's hard to finish when you keep getting the same things over and over again. I do play every day and even buy credits to keep on playing. BB just needs to lighten up on making it so hard to finish rooms", "my favorite bingo game. But I think they need bigger payouts. I think they are crappy. When they have other things to collect in the chest they dont give you much. It takes forever to collect them. they have Tournament game every day with 5 free games. I love it but again it takes forever to collect...Full Review", "I used to play this game 6 years ago and they seemed very money grubbing. Had to argue when my credits were taken or game froze. They are much more helpful now. All you have to do is write customer support and they will help you.", "BB is the biggest scam there ever was!! They take advantage of anyone who spends money playing bb!! Im in the process of having BB investigated!!! Anyone who feels they have been treated poorly by bb needs to report this app...I gave already reported them and am waiting for action to be taken! I've ...Full Review", "ive been playing this game for months, the slots, so dumb... literally play everyday and cant pass thd first level. nrver get the \"items\" to clear. after months.... worst game ever", "I play this game as often as I can. its alot of fun and very addicting. I dont sleep well so it makes passing the time better. and you win nice freebies now and again if you are fast enough. so come on every body come play Blitz with me!!!"], "Gold Fish Casino Slots \u2013 Free Online Slot Machines": ["Don't waste your time. This is so clearly rigged it's not even funny. Strings you along with all these super jackpots until they decide you think you're gonna keep winning then they take it all by changing the amounts you bet without telling you. I didn't catch it till it was too late! I started my ...Full Review", "I used to give Gold Fish 5 stars. Those days are long gone. Has great games but you will not win.......ever. If they ever responded to their users they would say \"it's a game of chance.\" I get that but there is no longer any chance. Seriously, I have gone days without a bonus. And to add some credib...Full Review", "as hard as it is to win on this game I got the bonus and won 2 million coins and they did not add them to my balance that is a low down cheating shame. There is no way in game contact for support. Buy coins what just to get cheated out of them cheating pitiful shame. I know either no answer to this ...Full Review", "games are fun but EXTREMELY TIGHT! Money Grab! play for two or three minutes with daily free coins. developers need to let you win once in a while. 250,000 coins don't last long when minimum bet is 60,000. no videos to watch to get more. just greedy I guess. as I said, money grab! deleting this game...Full Review", "thought it was fun until i spent money and watched it all vanish within minutes.... all my wins made my money drop instead of going up.... winning was actually losing... then i won big! that made me broke! and then the game trys selling me more coins.... hahaha nope!", "horrible odds millions played day after day little to no bonuses or hits that give you the feeling you'll ever be ahead for even a fraction of a second forced higher bets so that even what they give you every 2 hours equates to about 4 spins which is a shame cause the machines and graphics are nice.", "No problems here. Yeah the coin bonus can go up when you level up. But I go in and save up. And I don't have to leave the comfort of my own home to gamble or play real cash. Awesome gameplay", "Keeps crashing for no reason. Won't load on new Android platform. New update on 02/13/2019. Nothing has changed. It crashes every single time I play it.", "Spent tons of money. Used to be great until they \"updated\". They cut everything in half for free coins and volcano eruption bonus in Mermaids Cove. The only thing erupting hete is my temper and regret that I didnt go to a real casino where the odds are better and not so obviously greedy and fixed. N...Full Review", "Further I got.the more I played!love goldfish casino,Good payouts,bonuses,but,wins can be lost so fast that by time I realize,I'm almost broke!lol but it's fun so not a big deal,bonuses/gifts don't take long 2 get!", "Greedy POS's, slots are rigged, the five star ratings are a mother effing lie. Greedy, Greedy Robots. Don't waste your time...", "It's a fun game, but I purchased coins via my Facebook app - and they did not come through on my game.  This is the 2nd time this happened... and have found it extremely hard to contact someone for a refund.  I definitely will not purchased coins on this app again.", "I did love the games on Gold Fish Casino but no one will respond to my problem with the games. They keep closing when ever I try to play or collect some bonuses & there is no update needed. it has been 2 weeks!! \ud83d\ude14", "Can not make a bet of my choice. I'm limited by you idiots. I should be able to make a bet of one hundred and fifty million if want.wih out you permission. today is the 13th of February. 2019 , I went into my game to play and got shock of my life ,all the money that I have accumulated over the last ...Full Review", "the slots are fun, but i swear even real casino slots pay out better than this app. done wasting money to just watch a slot machine lose.", "I love this goldfish casino , especially the Mermaid Cove, it has all my favorites and it cash Wizard and Betty Boop fortune teller I like to play and I play Flintstones like The Flintstones by unlock the Ruby slots so I can play it for an hour or so and I look forward to when you unlock everything", "This game is garbage. You will level up every spin, if your bet is more than 100m. Slow loading. Samsung Note 8.", "Keep your eye on your bank account! I have experienced an unauthorised purchase today, last month I made a purchase and never received the credits! Trying to contact the developer is virtually impossible!! Thus, I have removed my bank account info.", "It's a right rip off you can't win anything till you buy coins and when you do buy em they still have you over... AVOID at all costs", "Better than wasting time and hard earned income.e at a smoke filled casino, filled with drunken idiots. I can enjoy this from the privacy of my own home.", "nice assortment of slots to bad you can't win on any of them gave them a second chance absolutely pitiful they must review themselves no way a 4.6", "purchased coins, did not recieve. Contacted support was told the coins were credited - one day after, still no coins. Rip off .. too bad, fun games", "once again i gave this game a chance. i even wasted some money on this cheating peace of junk. they are crooks and thieves.", "lie .. clicked the the link on Facebook that said welcome back bonus of 6million , wast of time didn't even recieve 1million so i just deleted ..", "they don't give very much to play on, and too much to play, so you get to play five minutes. they want you to buy,I've played a long time, doesn't get any better, I'm going to uninstall", "Beginning bets are set to high! I can only play for a few minutes and unless you hit a bonus right away,game over!", "I had over a billion points $ on two different devices and it took everything w/out playing. I say bs to upgrades", "worst app ever! Do not download!! i payrd cash money and it just takes coins!! you can not win!! this app sucks! terrible payouts! NO PAYOUTS EVEN WHRN YOU PURCHASE MORE!!", "garbage ass payouts..bonus a joke. just like the rest... if u aint spending ,u aint winning. money hungry", "Great slot game. Winning is pretty good too. Not huge wins but good wins to keep playing with which is unusual for a slot game. So come play and have fun too.", "Love the games. Visuals are awesome. So many extra points available, and big wins make it my go to game. Thanks goldfish \ud83d\udc4d", "I play every day. Mornings before work are when the most bonuses come up. I still run out of coins all the time.", "although the games are fun, the coins just don't last. Downloaded for less than 10 minutes. Just trying to push to buy coins. Uninstalling now.", "Games are not that good, no big wins, minimum bet of 50K runs you to zero real fast.", "The minimum betting is horrendus. No machine anywhere would force you to bet such ridiculous amounts. Lucky to get maybe 6 spins on a machine then you're out of coins & have the giant pop-up to buy more. Will NOT play this again.", "sometimes after a bonus it glitches and you only get bet back instead of win", "no fun. free coins out in 5 minutes. uninstall", "Been playing this for over a year and I have to say I think I am here to stay keep up the great work !!!! you guys are awesome", "I can't get enough of this game! There are so many game that I enjoy, that it's very difficult to choose just one.", "I downloaded this game about a week ago and I think the payout and graphics are amazing. Thanks for letting me in on these fantastic games. Thanks for creating great games for adults. I still love these games!", "This game is a rip off.. no big wins", "Stops after spin to send spin to server! loses momentum when this happens! Please fix this issue!!!!!!", "i like this game at first i thought i might not more i played it the more i liked it", "I like playing real casino games, and the selection is good.", "Lame..hundreds of spins with nothing remotely close to a big win", "I really enjoy the game it's very entertaining the only thing is you can never win anything on it but it is a fun game", "It is terrible .It's just not responding", "Love it--Really liked the idea of unlocked games across the board. Do it again soon, OK?", "I have been asking for them to fix 302000000 coin fix,and no reply yet.thanx.still not fixed .....", "Lots of fun and neat slots you will have a blast", "I can't play my game right now!!!!", "Great Stuff\\Enjoy It love the slots", "I like this game app it help me relax and I enjoy it. I enjoy these games on this app", "I like playing this app.! Payouts have gotten better so I can play longer. Kinda feels like I'm at a real casino!", "Fun stuff...mostly... run out of chips quick if you're not careful", "can and win more than most games!", "FUN so far. First time to play.", "Great fun! woohoo... SO addictive!", "Great play with many to choose from. Still waiting for Mermaid's Cove to open as I play it on my tablet.", "Very enjoyable slot game, from 2 years ago. I enjoy it now even more.", "love Gold Fish Casino!", "so tired of this game shutting down on me!!!!", "Best slots I have played", "Fun it is totally awesome so realistic", "Ok so far great graphics", "Always come back to you goldie. five stars!# great \ud83d\udd59", "have a good time playing this ga.e", "addicting and Great Graphics as well.", "I love played the games.", "fun , good realistic slots", "verry poor pay out ....not even one chance to win\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e", "Its a fun game to play.", "Frustrated from not winning.", "Just like them jinks slots at the real casino!love it!!!", "Love Goldfish!!! So much fun and love the tournaments- a daily pleasure!", "App Freeze's up a lot, losing bets.", "cool fun, for free.", "Love this game play it all the time!! Need more bonus points!!!!", "Awesome games! Love goldfish!!!", "Just like the real deal at th.e casino. Great games and loads of fun", "So many choices and great variety!", "I love this game!", "this game is so exciting and very very very fun and addictive and makes my night a beautiful one", "I have a blast every time I play", "4 stars just because the time bonus and daily bonus give too little of money to play with.", "Love this slot machine games", "nice game like it a lot", "I was a little lucky today", "Fun, but always pausing to send to server", "Fun game! \ud83d\ude00", "Won't load where I can play", "Love all the slots that they offer u to play.love this game on fire\ud83d\ude0d", "It's nice, graphics great, overall game features is interesting ?", "Fun, not the same boring games", "has same games I like to play at the casino!", "entertainment,fun.", "Fun to play good color good control pay out need to be higher", "Fun game, big payouts", "Good games good payouts. great way to pass time", "lots of fun.,", "shuts down constantly", "These games are absolutely fabulous! I'm entertained endlessly!", "Trying to get started!!", "I do like this game a lot", "Great games love the graphics these are great pass timers", "Great games why has the icon been removed from my screen", "Absolutely awesome games ,,,I love playing Gold Fish Casino!!!", "Awesome App & Games!! Love It Lots!! \ud83d\ude17\ud83d\ude0d", "my gold fish is frozen .", "I like the new up dated version", "Love this game. Some of my favorite slots!", "Love it! \ud83d\udcaf", "Fun games.Love to try all the different types of play.", "I really enjoy playing, the graphics are awesome.", "Too many pop ups", "Can't stop playing it", "Awesome game just hard to get bonuses", "I love the games. graphics. like a real casino..", "Awesome game. wish I could win more!!!", "Have a wonderful time when I play Gold Fish", "Great bonuses and graphics", "I love this game", "great casino games", "I love this game", "Great game to play", "fun and fast moving", "Great game Love it", "great set of games", "love gold fish", "love this slot game", "I love this game", "awesome 5 stars", "great time killer", "Love this game it is great", "best casino game out there", "Super The Greatest Game Ever", "This is my favorite casino game. exciting", "Love love it it.", "enjoy the game.", "Enjoyable game.", "One of my favorite casino 's to play in", "Great games.", "I love it.", "lot of fun.", "Cool games.", "It's great", "it's so fun", "My slots are frozen how do I fix it", "Awesome app. Great payouts. Thank you!!", "Fun!", "I love me some Gold Fish", "i love this slot just like you are at the casino", "love playing this app. ga mb es really pay.", "outstanding wins, wish it was real money", "so far so good! its great", "cannot plat goldfish slots", "I enjoy playing very much.", "needs more give aways more time", "love this game. fun reels, lots of prizes.", "it has been inaccessible for 3 days", "Love it!", "Love it!", "It is my mom game", "Love love love it ************", "went bust", "Still a favorite \ud83e\udd18\ud83c\udffe", "get game", "i loce you", "grwat game", "it's dope", "\ud83d\udcb0 Money", "love playing slots", "\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "Love the game!", "Great games", "Enjoyed the game", "Awesome games", "Love this game", "Great love it", "Great game", "Fun game", "good game", "Love the games", "fun games", "Cool graphics", "Love IT", "super fun", "great mainly", "loads of fun", "lots of fun", "good game", "pretty good", "fun game", "love it..need more 200,000 or lower the pay to your slots.", "fun!", "I love this casino", "\ud83d\ude01", "great app great app great app", "at least your chances of winning are better in a casino.", "Addicting"], "Incredible Jack: Jumping & Running": ["played great the first day. got back on and it doesn't give me the option to watch an ad so I don't have to start over at the beginning of the level. thought maybe once I beat a boss it would work again but nope. have beat a few and still no ads.", "this one of the best games ever on Android platform loved the graphics it will take 5 days to finish the game good job team come with more creations", "I really like this game. It is fun to kill enemies and collect coins. I like the option to watch an ad to save your spot when you die.", "Definitely a very well designed game. Graphics sounds and game play is smooth fun epic and exciting. I couldn't put it down until the end.", "This is First game i have given 5 Star Rating,it truly deserve it,Needs More Level i have already completed All of them and miss this game after finishing it.", "I loved this game but... I need more new levels I'm waiting plz... Upload quickly \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02 within a week I completed all the levels...", "Awesome game!! Walking thumb is troll xD", "very interesting game ,love it \u2764\ufe0f", "WOW THIS GAME IS BETTER THEN other games EASY CONTROLS \u2764\ud83c\udf80", "i really like this game it is full of surprises", "i loved it so much i came so hard i shot my ball out my ass", "owsume game and most adventure this game i'm very enjoy this game", "I just love it so much fun with Jack \ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "Osam plz I want play more new stages. plz launch", "awesome game i ever played", "This game is amazing!!! I forgot everything when i play this game", "Love this game it reminds me best days of the SNES. Hopefully the create the part 2", "excellent experience #Try it for adventure ride\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "Awesome I love it pls make incredible Jack 2 soon", "I love it soooo much, keep going", "wonderfull game full entertaining time pass", "Land 6th and a poo on", "good game done it ,doing it again so good", "addictive..easy controls and nice to.play...", "best game nyc i complete all levels yuppi", "freaking love this game", "best choice forever", "Wow nice game", "fantastic game hai Bhai.!!!", "need more levels ive finished all of them", "incredible Jack Live 2", "love this game cant stop playing", "kailash singh karthik singh jai po po pp", "Love this game and completed all stages.", "this game is very good", "Fun to play, but I would rather just pay to be rid of the ads", "good graphis And best adventures", "Animation is not good", "really niiiiiceeee!", "The Graphics & controlling were awesome", "Fantastic game. I just love it", "My Favourite This Is Best Game", "very funny", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u062c\u0645\u064a\u0644\u0629 \u062c\u062f\u0627", "very less level", "Very nice game yaar", "Nice game", "good game", "i love this gamn", "good we", "great experience", "very good game", "very nice and good for kids", "Nice app but level hard", "niraa siraaaaaaaaaa game", "super uruvakuvanukku omp", "so funny game", "really enjoyed this game", "interesting game but more lifes should be there", "one of the best game, i enjoyed from start to end.", "very good game", "very nice game", "updates game", "super", "parviez khan", "excellent game I really enjoyed a lot", "this is a mystery adventure game and love this game", "Love this game! Very fun and addicting!", "Really superb game", "very nice game", "Nice time pass,very good", "it is amazing the most adjetive game ever", "my favorite pc game TRUSHAR", "nice game waiting for new levels", "best game", "savan Dev", "dev modi", "Super game", "Osm game", "I like", "wonderful, amazing", "supper game", "its realy good game i love this game", "lol", "nice game", "verry nice", "Awesome game. Fun and exciting", "Bast fo Bast", "Great,great cute game", "super", "vn", "wow", "waiting for incredible jack 2", "very good and bast game", "ninja", "owesomemmmmm\ud83e\udd17\ud83e\udd17\ud83e\udd17\ud83e\udd17\ud83e\udd17\ud83e\udd17", "awesome game", "the games style is good", "Nice Game", "I Love this game very much\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "best", "wonderful game", "good game", "Waawww", "hhuu", "great game!!!\u263a", "very good game", "I love this game", "Good games and easy", "superb ga e", "Very nice game", "very good app", "sooo nice game", "very addictive game", "Very nice game", "very good game", "supaire", "wow..", "gud", "bill for", "amir", "\u0628\u06be\u0627\u0626\u06cc", "super", "\u0b85\u0baf\u0bcd\u0baf\u0ba9\u0bbe\u0bb0\u0bcd", "super", "gf", "nyccc", "Paras", "kjiii", "suprrrr", "super", "Hay", "super", "yeas", "i love play it.", "good", "this game is good\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "excellent", "\ud83d\udc4c", "very nice", "good game", "nice game", "awesome game", "nice game", "in", "nice game", "nice game", "good game", "awesome and adventurous", "nice game", "fun game", "Good game", "good", "awesome", "good", "Awesome game.....", "love it.", "\ud83d\ude18.", "nice", "awesome", "awesome", "Good", "good", "great", "Nice", "enjoyable", "great", "nice", "awesome", "Good", "nice", "good", "fantastic", "great", "nice", "best", "niceeeeeeeeeee", "Intresting", "good", "Best", "nice game super ................................................................", "awesome ,and add more levels ,i clear all levels...", "Good need more level", "Super", "Great game, really difficult in places. I can't believe how short it is. You have great skill, maybe you could consider extending it and building on it. Well done!", "Game is very good. Please add new level", "Supeeeeerrrbb i love this game i really love its \ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18 No worlds to expalain my love about this game \ud83d\ude02 plzzz zzzzzzzzz add more levels this is very fun to kill the enimies and collect the coins i am so bore And miss this game after finishing it \ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude2d first time i have given 5 star r...Full Review", "really great game! there's no lives or time limit on levels the difficulty is a little hard but still fun to play the graphics are great I hope there's more levels coming. great job!", "nice game i love it there is one problem the control button are not clear so make it dark colour please give me reply thanks", "i want this game. can you pls extend more levels... its nice game for me \ud83d\ude00 i feel like no more stress everytime i play.", "excellent,..hi team can you please add more levels because i have cleared all levels... waiting for game update with new levels... awesome game", "Really good game awesome to pass boredom .... couldn't put my tablet down :D well recommend 5* from me .", "very nice game no ads i clear all 43 stage i am so happy.", "awesome gameplay however you can add some extra equipment like sheild or immortality for some second . but. this game is amazing", "awesome\ud83d\udc4f\u270a\ud83d\udc4d one.. I wish I could play it more.. but hs completed all levels.", "the game is really good , addictive too but I am having problem to play the game by playing songs in background.do something for this problem please", "Super ,can't find game in the earth like this ,love it ,crazy", "very nice n enjoying game keep it up very nice texture smoth n accurate control just love it", "nice i hv complete all levels plz include more levels", "the best game ever, i love it very very very much, i recommended to all my friends."], "Dream League Soccer 2019": ["I love this game. It's a great pass time for me and I have been playing it for a long time. what I would say needs improvement is when u pass forward the player far most forward runs for the ball even if it is out of reach when a player closer could get it. also when running for loose ball I cannot ...Full Review", "Seriously, i love this game (15th season ofdls 2019)! im a huge madden mobile fan(been playing for 4 years now- gitmgibs goons is my league), but this game surpasses it for several reasons. its offline play and graphics alone will have you hooked! wi-fi connection must be fairly strong and steady, b...Full Review", "A very good game been playing iy for years now but this recent update has made it so easy, i recently bought a new phone and jad to start all over from the academy league but to my surprise i won all most the games with 6-0,7-0 and even beat the Elite division teams with the same score. Please fix t...Full Review", "I think the game is perfect I liked a lot I am playing this game everyday and I am enjoying it very much,but I just wanted u to make some changes in the game I want u make increase the number of matches and team in each league's or cups and also include the term contract signing for the players as i...Full Review", "I am still going to comment again. To start, it is the best soccer game, you'll find trust me. But one thing, and this is for the creators. If in any way say maybe the internet made be or my opponent lose connection in multiplayer, its better to just annull the score. When it happened, I was winning...Full Review", "It's a really nice game.... I think am addicted to it. I would love to see some German clubs, the game should be a little bit more harder because at Elite division l just keep winning the matches with at least 6 goal margin and will be lovely to have a local multi-player tournament. Other than that ...Full Review", "These should be fixed: When the keepers failed to save the free kicks although they touched the balls, those are always counted as their own goals, which should be rewarded to the kickers. It frequently cancels my dead-ball kicks (holding A) as the camera immediately moves to the right. Moreover, I ...Full Review", "so easy games now a day i hate football games. opponent players doesn't run fast if they have ball,like my team run and doesn't pass, cross and what a head goal like i do. opponent players doesn't short hardly to score. They are unavailable on danger zone to score and i will clear it. easy to inters...Full Review", "This is the very best game I seriously love playing this game and updates of this game is pretty great that makes the game more exiting. Now there is one thing I'm not getting I'm not able to change the name of the player that I've created so please do something about it and also y'all can work on g...Full Review", "I love the game. The next update should bring more effects to a scored goal. A little more drama or display when a goal is scored, when the ball hits the net, a little more effect would be appreciated. Secondly, the account should be synced. I downloaded the game on my other device and I have to sta...Full Review", "All I need is more leagues especially bundesliga,in your next update please update new teams as we all know that a new season has started in all these leagues that are available here...plz atleast do that and I will be happy. Oh one more thing though,make it a bit tough please...Bundesliga teams in ...Full Review", "1)opponent team ball charging very slow 2)Players running is poor reality and players over speed &over skills so poor. 3)please improve graphics & match time is over speed so poor. 4)Animations is very very poor, please add realistic animations. 5)Please add original players face & hair. 6)Opponent ...Full Review", "This game will always be compared to FTS game which was the best game from your stable 4 years ago. That game even now feels more realistic than this artificial game. This game doesn't have any challenges. The AI is very poor. Creating your own club rather than playing an existing club is not that a...Full Review", "I like this game a lot but there are a few flaws for me that need to be dealt with. My game has a glitch for some reason with the C Button not working as it should. And also, the offline mode is way too easy. Y'all need to increase players by silver, gold and black card when players have completed t...Full Review", "The update is good but I think the AI is too much. Some of my players have a 90+ rating one of it has a 100 rate and yet it can be easily tackled by a player with a rating of 70. The worst thing is you can't even tackled them regardless of how strong your player is. I hope this can be fixed since I ...Full Review", "Fantastic since Dream League 14.... ive actually been a big fan since the days of my Nokia Lumia 920 so i guess ive been with you guys all the way. ok 2019 version is really cool for an upgrade but ill tell you guys one thing! if your not at least going to bring back FTS, insert the really good spec...Full Review", "grapics were not better in this game. if it is compare with pes, pes has good grapics but gameplay not good. bayern munic and some famous clubs are need to enjoy this. want more top rated players who don't play any clubs in dls like james rodrigus, robert lewndoski, david alaba, etc", "After making the game challenging for a while they now make it too easy again. If you (the developers) are so inclined to making it so easy, I suggest you introduce difficulty as an option so that those that want to have it so easy can do that as well as those that want it to be challenging can also...Full Review", "The 2019 update makes the game very annoying and that has rubbished the good experience I've been having with 2018 version. The 'B' cursor still doesn't respond well as it doesn't tackle opponent effectively as it is in the earlier, hence, naking one commit too many fouls. The replay option that sho...Full Review", "controls are difficult. Most of the time players move at wrong angle and do not get ball due to misalignment. Tackling does not work most of the time. In more than 50% cases shoot goes outside net due to reasons unknown. Header is also not good as compared to 2018 version", "After making the game much harder and making me learn how to play it, they now make the game ridiculously easier... Now I just keep winning every single game 8-0. Looks like they dont really know what they want their game to be. Everything would be solved if they had just introduced the option to pl...Full Review", "I used to liked the game. The last update (Dec 2018) changed the color of the ball to yellowish brown, which is impossible to distinguish from the green color of the field, making it impossible to play. Please change it back to white or give us a choice of other colors (with good contrast to the gre...Full Review", "Great game overall. Ads are a bit too much, but I had a lot of fun playing this game. The problem is that the AI does some questionable things, and multiplayer is only bareable. There's quite a big delay in every action you do, making it frustrating.", "nice gameplay but... after playing for some time they went for too many ads that can't be skipped... the lasst update is making the game better in controls than before. Still waiting to test the multiplayer but I hope is also improved. For free game is very good.", "after playing for a long time, I can see that this game has a certain point where you can't even win at all. it's still an enjoyable game but somehow the settings are illogical. example for penalty, the computer always know where your target is, you can't even tackle a player even though your stats ...Full Review", "So in the online multiplayer, whoever scores first wins thats basically how it is now. All you have to do is quit the match and the scoreline at the time the game was quit determines the winner. Its so freaking aggravating that way. Please fix it. Whoever disconnects from the server suffers the loss...Full Review", "Better than fifa mobile THis game is by far the best mobile football game I have ever played. One thing I really want is a career game mode. Where you can play as a manager or player. You can select the team you want to coach in leagues such as (epl, la liga, bundesliga, serie a, ligue 1 and MLS.) T...Full Review", "Well I love this game and have been playing it for ages but I would argue that it's actually gotten worse over time. Theres ads you cant skip in between games and the online experience has gotten worse and worse. To top it all off there were network problems(not from my end mind you) and I end up lo...Full Review", "Everything is perfect But my problem is when the stamina of the players is 100 why we need to refill their stamina after one match? And again how does sound appear in a slow motion or replay? what I know is when they show us the replay there's no sound but as for this game the replay sound appear so...Full Review", "Good game but even with a squad of players rated 100 in their position, players with much less rating are faster, stronger and dispossess my players almost all the time. It is a shame the update has done this but then prior to the update it was too easy. Somewhere in the middle would've been good an...Full Review", "This game crashed on my phone everytime I downloaded it, which is about 4-5 times. My device has 6gb ram and 128gb rom and it can basically run any game. my phone crashes and hangs everytime I go to the captain selection page. I used to absolutely love this game but you guys really need to pull up y...Full Review", "2019 version is an absolute nuisance. These show boating are stupid. Instead of passing the ball or taking a shot they busy jumping over the ball,showing off and then the opponent takes the ball. So stupid and annoying. I lose so many games that i shouldn't have. I want 2018 back.", "Great game. However, can we have it closer to reality? A sometimes a player has the ball but the opponents closer to that player are moving away from them. And then there is that limping movement when you try tackle some players? A bit annoying.", "The game is great, but why cant we restore our profiles from cloud anymore? It just used to say there is a profile conflict and you choose the one in the cloud. But now that I have another phone with this latest update, I cant get it, you have to do something and do it quick. Theres no way you are g...Full Review", "I like this game, but i have a complaint about online seasons. I have recently noticed there were hackers that had 100 everything rated players and there for I constantly lose. Just yesterday i played a guy that had Ronaldo rated 100 on everything and pretty much the whole team was 100 rated and i e...Full Review", "Have been playing the game for around 4 years now. This game never lets me down. Keep up the job guys. Then again everything isn't perfect. Please get in with a bit more of tournaments and teams as well as a bit of improved in match experience. Thank you guys for entertaining me all along the years.", "I used to be addicted but now I cant even open the app. Says 'needs to download additional content' which now been taking like forever to do so. Maybe I got kicked out for not buying coins! Whichever, thanks for d game. It was worth playing.", "Since the update, all players seem really slow on your team and really fast on the other. Players don't tackle unless you slide. Games become boring with 5 shots in total as you can't run past defenders or play through balls. Ruined it imo", "The controlling, speed and the players performance, if I compare to the dream league soccer classic, the classic is more enjoyable than this 2018 model. I wish it can match the classic one. Up to date am still playing the classic because it gives me more enjoyable than this new one.. and one more th...Full Review", "this game a best offline game i used this game is many many many time i like Dream league soccer and this games skills and graphic design are very good the game is very smooth. Dream league soccer is a very lite game just 375mb .. this game players celebration and face is a real so plzzz download th...Full Review", "This gane is quite fun and is refreshing to play a licensed game other than fifa or pes. The gameplay needs some minor work as I play my gk in attack and he scores hattricks for fun. Furthermore the coin system needs tweaking winning a game gives yourself 20 coins yet watching an add gives you 30 co...Full Review", "it was very good before 2019 update, but now AI are way too OP, gets the ball every cross, pass, sprint, tackle... also players with 100 stam get very tired quickly in the match and need to waste many coins to recover them. Free kicks and penalty are now useless, its too hard to aim precisely with e...Full Review", "hii,dream league team. first of all thanks you for this great game. i love playing this game 2ndly it has some serious problems. in this latest version i am having lots of problems. this version is the badest. games hangs and i have a brand new phone.and i hate this please i need a new version of th...Full Review", "really i am not impressed . this is not better at all . non of the things i suggested was used . this game is really boring and lame. just improve on the graphics,and put tattoo,add new hair style and let their be more realistic skills and celebrations. pls just do it and u will get five stars", "Great gameplay but fed up of the number of times the other person disconnects when I am about to equalise meaning I lose the game. The person who disconnects should lose the same and more points than usual for disconnecting. Also in general in multiplayer mode it's too easy for people to cheat... e....Full Review", "Football players are stupid, running away from the ball??? Opponent AI is just too good at passing, too good at jumping to catch the ball, too unrealistic. AI is the worst I've seen. Accuracy is very awful with kick assist. Players need to stick with the formation that I use. This used to be the bes...Full Review", "1) I hope this game has unlimited ads for gold. 2) Need dynamic tactics to make it more realistic. 3) Please invent sprint button bc for now my player feels super slow. 4) AI need more intelligence in using tactics such as marking, defending, and attacking. 5) Animation feels sluggish tbh. Need to m...Full Review", "I love the game really do but I was like a whole season ahead of my cloud profile and had scored some great goals with Ronaldo and was just about to buy some gold Brazilian rb card and I accidently pressed my cloud profile and I when back a whole season, lost almost 1000 coins and a good stadium, I'...Full Review", "its an excellent game. 1 problem i have with is players are expensive yet u can only make a lil over 200 coins a season makes it difficult to beef up ur squad", "The game is nice but I have complains: Please make de commentatin more interesting instead of all those little talks for example they can be talkin about a player then transgress to anoder and then to the match and then to anoder tin. And they should be talkin about the goals or fouls durin replay. ...Full Review", "Nice game but I must say, the DLO really sucks. Like so annoying. I had to quit to make this review. How would the result of a match be annulled in the 90th minute? How!? \ud83d\ude20 Whenever I'm loosing and somehow connection is lost, result of match will stand, even if its just 30mins, if it's a draw, play...Full Review", "Awesome game but dissapointed with one fact, the connection error for online matches! Other games get connected in 3G speed that too in low end devices, but this doesn't connect even in 4G speed! Hope my inconvenience is taken up and fixes are provided...", "awesome!!! missing more tactical options and after playing almost 7 or 8 months suddenly all players are at very beginning?! maybe cause play to much :) I'm sure you'll fix this so NO ONE CAN give you less then 5 stars! keep great job! better then any football games ever (free games)!", "It was a nice game but not any more, you can't imagine a player with 100percent rate get easily tired and have the same slow rate as non rated.. It looks so boring, if this can be solved then it's the best soccer game ever. Please concern the rate which players got easily tired. Please", "It is a very good game. The reason I have a bad review is because if you ever switch phones, you do not keep your progress or purchased of players. update 2 years later still can not get old players back even if you spend money to purchase them, you are sol", "Dear dumbass developer. The way you upgrade the opponent is horrible. It almost impossible to get the ball back from the opponent. The only way to get the ball from the opponent is to tackle them from behind and get booked. How the hell a weak 60+ rating opponents in all aspect gets better than 94 r...Full Review", "Good game but profile file can be edited or copied.. That makes some can get a great advantage by having a full 100/100 rated players.. It is okay if that is only possible in offline game play.. But when those players - who cheated - plays in player vs player matchs that is frustrating..", "everything in this game is wrong one minute the season is easy next time it's hard you buy players who are fast in real life and are slow in the game I played other versions of this game and nothing has change the game is very unreal why not just make a fantasy game instead. however I know none of o...Full Review", "I'm a old user of this game.but in old time i really enjoyed this game. right now i can't. when i score a goal they celebrate in slow motion.and after the update It's graphics also become so bad.", "It's an AMAZING game. The game has good graphics and also the controls are really good. The players are costly , but still can adjust.\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d. If u could add the celebration button , so that it would be so nice to have a celebration after scoring. THE GAME IS AWESOME.", "My game crashed!! It doesn't want to load or do anything now!! It keeps saying its downloading additional content from ay Store but theres not movement!! And its not the first time i experience this problem !! First time I had to deleted the game and install it again and I lost all my data!! PLEASE ...Full Review", "All said and done, I've found it to relax me after a long day. That's why it's a game. Keep it up guys. The above comment was made a while back. But after this recent update(2019), I've got this to say... There should be a difficulty settings, so that my little girl can also play. Otherwise, you guy...Full Review", "its fun and all but... whats up with your video clips bonus.... after watching the video the bonus doesn't reflect on the totals.... then after a few games on... the video clips totally disappeared from the game...... The AI Just became absolutely perfect... No loopholes na mistakes even with a weak...Full Review", "The AI seems to be designed for passing games... Player ratings are bit odd... Some unknown player might have better rating??... Default formations are stiff and rigid... Thus the players are bound in the formation. Other than those quirks... Everything else are Awesome", "very much improved. it will good if we can add faces from our gallery to create players. Now the players Stamina sucks... I couldn't score a single goal from free kick. after having played so many matches. If you improve these problems, i will definitely give 5 stars", "This update was a waste of my data, players are moving in slow motion, I also have to watch them celebrate a goal even if I just want to score and continue playing without watching the celebration. I like that it has now become a bit more challenging, and the quality of the display is much better......Full Review", "A lot of bugs in the game. Bad gameplay, it doesn't matter how many quality players I buy.. \"small\" teams like Cardiff, Leganes and so on.. their players still better than a so called \"top player\".. This game isn't a FIFA game that's right. But it still has to improve. I delete it. There's nothing t...Full Review", "the best mobile sport game ever . good graphics.... everything is good . but the only problem is that the opponents they don't usually shoot on target this makes the game to be boring also when its one on one make the goalkeeper to do a sliding tackle plz I luv this games make it more difficult new ...Full Review", "I'm easily winning games by more than 5 goals and it's ridiculous. AI isn't defending at all. Your updates come with new issues every time and never get it right. Commentary is repetitive and boring.", "I give 4 stars because DLO is so terrible!! when I kick slow, it turn really hard afterward.Its because opponent line I guest, but please!! do something about it really need to fix ASAP! I love this game btw", "well I like the game so far. until I got half time and a video add was showing up. it restarts my game and I had to give up the match. if you fix that 5 stars", "I have just played the game and i enjoyed it and having too much fun\ud83d\ude03 and .And i found many improvement in this game just before previous game and I hope you will contiunuiously improve this game ..AND .I love music songs. and I want to request that add more songs to listen because it will refresh ...Full Review", "I downloaded this just to test and compare to other football games and ended up finding loads of things to say about it. so its a great game I think the setup could be a bit more modern and a few issues with the gameplay too. first problem is you can lightly tackle the AI and it will be foul but the...Full Review", "there are games that are just really designed to make you lose.. like you fought the same team a game before and you won it then suddenly a crucial game and you face them again and you can feel your movements restricted and passing and switching of players are very difficult", "Very good game one the best football games I've ever played. However controls are a bit hard to handle but after a while you will grasp it in no time. The thing I don't really like is that it is a pay to win game. Overall I think it is a very good game with room for improvement", "I love this great game but you guys should develop it more so I can play it with my friends either with Bluetooth or Wi-Fi, so one can pair with friends and play matches. please add multiple player so one cam play with friends without online. the recent update is too easy please make it more hard an...Full Review", "After publishing dls 2019,the game is updated several time,but still paulinho & paco alcacer is playing for barcelona\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02 and also there is no arturo vidal,what a joke.. there is no upgardation for the best club of football (barcelona),r u guys kidding", "Very interesting game but few things need to be changed, please make commentary to say more things and add tournaments of away goal and please make make and option for us to choose the weather conditions that we like do not choose for us. Honestly i really hate your red ball is not clearly visible a...Full Review", "it's all OK but the players are ugly like Ronaldo he look handsome,there is some more... when I play with my father online it is so lag. You know I hate lags right? Yea this is the problemo.", "its really good but these days it keeps on showing unfortunately stopped........ i dnt knw why am starting to hate it bcoz of dat pliz fix for us all those problems", "This is for techno camon11pro users, this is for u.. I can play dream league soccer now without hanging... go to first touch twitter handle i posted some instructions there. it will help you pkay this lovely game again just Follow the numbers and use that settings as displayed under graphics options...Full Review", "This is the best mobile football game ever... But it has a problem, that the gaming time is not adjustable.. ok its just a small things, but overall \ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c... i really love the game, and like to play...", "I love this game so much bcause i never get tired of playing it. But the reason I'm giving it a four star is due yo the issue I'm facing by playing the latest version. After playing two matches it just force close and refuse to play another match. I get so annoyed each time it happens. I would be ha...Full Review", "After you get to a certain point, the tournaments and leagues keep repeating. Also, this game is too easy to hack! Players who actually play the game have to deal with hackers who cheat and have an overpowered squad which ruins the fun in the game.\ud83d\ude21 Add a feature to report players for hacking!", "Its gameplay is stunning, and the realism is great!!! The controls are easy to master. Overall, this is a fantastic game : one of the best football games I've played. I recommend that you download this game. Just 1 negative though, you can't keep 'restarting' as regular as you please.", "Devs have ruined this game. I've played Dreamleague for 3+ years but have stopped playing due to this year's iteration. They've nerfed acceleration which kills the fun of this game. Won't be playing until its changed.", "Great game...The only problem I have faced that sometime I am losing control over my players. I suggest u to give a view of entire stadium after each goal...It will sure gonna give goosebumps to the scorer....", "Even when upgraded my players are still weak. This game is not like it used to be. I understand difficulty, but losing to a player rated 60+ against a 100 is just CRAZY. FIX IT!! your game is getting boring by the minute \ud83d\udd93\ud83d\udd93\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e", "It's okay. Fun game but it's way too easy and also way too difficult to get coins. You should get like 5 coins per goal in a match instead of 1. Also I have the starter team and beat Juventus 3-0, the game is extremely easy", "It's a great game. I like almost every aspect. However, just as others have complained about, the game is too easy. It's very easy to score due to opponents not being able to pass that well and lett you through on goal. Online does make it more challenging, but it's is laggy all the time (and i have...Full Review", "Good game. but i have one request. would you please update this app by transferring Emiliano Sala from Nantes to Cardiff City, to honour him. it's just a request. then lastly, the slow motion celebration sucks,it's time wasting plus update that one too, Good game..beautiful graphics", "Nice game and so entertaining. my issues are at least add variety of leagues like EPL, Spanish La Liga etc, when your player scores a hatrick, he should hold the match ball after the game, commentators will only say \"he will go home with the match ball\" aside these it's cool....", "Great Game very addictive, only downfall is it takes a long time to build up any coins to buy players and increase stadium size. I have to play in the same division at least 2 / 3 season's before I have enough coins to increase stadium capacity to advance a division", "The game's controls used to be fast but now they are slow and sometimes not functioning when you are playing online. If you can introduce multiplayer online rematch option that will be fantastic. Please do something about the controllers.", "Main page gets me annoyed, is Bale is your favourite player?? Mine is not. My fastest player whose pace and acceleration is 100 still can't chase down the opposition player whose pace and acceleration is comparatively low i don't get it :( commentary still sucks need more accents . There are lots of...Full Review", "love the game!! would like if you could search for a player by their country they play for.or have more records to try and get.most goals for defensive player or most by a midfielder.would like to se.e more celebrations after a finish....i dont know.its not like anything here would make or break the...Full Review", "Absolutely got me immersed in it that i forget the world around me. the players seem real and the experience is profound. But, i am worried about how my points remain the same after, like, when i won a match, watched a video advert, that got me extra points and then unfortunately fails to be added t...Full Review", "always crash when go build the stadium. do something or cant play the games. for now thats the only problem in the game. please solve the problem fast as u can", "I redownload the app, please help swap my team for me, uptil now no pop-up to this effect. I am not enjoying playing with this amateur team. Thanks", "I really enjoy this game. There are two things I will like the developer to do: 1) To increase the length of time playing matches. 2) To improve in the graphic, which means to make the pictures real. If this can be done, I will rate this game 5 stars, but for now 4 stars Thanks.", "Brilliant football game on playstore. Multiplayer option is still good, but they have for some strange reasons made the difficulty level very easy. Weird part is they had just upgraded the difficulty level and it was fun playing against the machine. Please work on it", "Really enjoyed the previous version. Since the update, I can't play a single match without it going off. Pls, programmers do something about this. It's really annoying", "Improve computer AI. Scoring is stupid easy. Turn down offensive AI. their passing is completely insane. If you're gonna increase their offense don't make everything pass related. Some wingers need to fly. Make winning your home game win cups more than an away game. What's the point of being home if...Full Review", "first , thanks for the new game it is better than dls 18 , but now i've finished the game and won the elite and won the international cup and i won the last game , without condensing any goal ????please make it more difficult this is a piece of cake you can only enjoy while playing online bec. your ...Full Review", "love the game. good update in difficulty. been playing for a long time. but the goal celebration sucks and its too old. you could add new goal celebrations like mbappe's and Griezmann's. you could add top teams and players from germany", "Played old editions of this game which were much better. The 2019 update makes the AI too hard to play against. The auto switch between players is silly, you cant select your closest player it switches guys who are off the screen. My 95 speed guy is running with the ball and some 70 defender is matc...Full Review", "Love the game alot its the best so far, but please guys why can't we transfer data..? I just lost my upgraded team and it achievements and my home ground. We should be able to access our teams even if we using deferent devices. And as for the online gaming please fix the problem of cheating where th...Full Review", "Never in my android phone have i enjoyed such perfect football game. Simply out of words. You guys have done an amazing job. ONE THING, please make Krzysztof Pjatek for the next update.", "I really dream league but hate their controls it a little bit difficult to use i wish i can tilt it and so during online matches there would be breakages distracted you and most of all small amount of money in the beginning but very expensive players but after all Dream league is the best", "I really like this game because this football game has a hard and easy level. If it goes up to the next division, this game is getting more challenging. * but, when I upgrade this game to a new version, this game is not challenging even playing in elite division *. so, the crew of dream league socce...Full Review", "I love it. I play it every day and i cant stop . FOR GOODNESS SAKE GET THE GAME AND PLAY IT FOR THE REST OF TOUR LIFE. Mand ive got to get back to play my Man City player match. i have got the whole man city team. LOVE IT GET THE GAME NOW", "I am addicted to this game, i love it's guyz, see the way I love dis game I even lost the interests in Fifa,PES, you guyz just come up with greatest game ever, but if u can improve on the players development, adding more team's like from African Champions league all the top teams, Germany, Belgium, ...Full Review", "the game is easy.. delay update.. low graphic fans.. easy to score.. all players r equal yet they have different rates..How can it be?? how can a player with 60 rate tackle mess,salah na cr7?? 4/10", "i love the graphics and the games seems to be improving year after year. However we the fans of dream league soccer would appreciate it if there is something like a transfer zone whereby other things can sure interest to buy players. Also, the coach should be the same as that of the real world. Than...Full Review", "I did not enjoy my online games, because all delay and lost my control, passing and all my expertise. I hope thia would be better setting for the next time though. tq", "Bad update.. I have best players but they always get outrunned by players with less ratings.... we ask for it to be harder not for you guys to steal...what is the essence of buy top players when they would always be outrunned by players of lower quality? please fix this....You cross and the ball eit...Full Review", "I've decided to take back my rating and review until you review the network interruption stuff. How can you count it against me when my network is interrupted and the score is a draw or my network is interrupted towards the end of the game while my score margin is far wider than my opponent's and th...Full Review", "the updated 2019 drem soccer control and graphics compare dream soccer 2018 very very worst.... what updation ? 2018 ... 2018???? very worsted contol and game play ... very poor graphics... and skills .. please update greater than 2018 graphis ...&.. etc.....2019 soccer... this upadation very worste...Full Review", "Overall, the game is incredible. Choice of players, strips, and stadium is great, and the controls are very good. Gameplay is also very smooth. Only issues are with online play, where the opposition's internet connection often leads to jerky gameplay. Fix the online, and this is THE best football ga...Full Review", "Dream League you should get rid of the annoying slowmo after every goal. There should not be a delay when switching players and tackling should be easier, especially sliding. Too often when you try to slide your player just backs off and is out of the play.", "cant change player after a match..... its realy horrible... & opponents are realy weak... the cant dribble, they cant attack properly... now its realy boring.... & most disappoint thing is other club cant buy players.... its realy realy boring.... pls bring back First Touch Soccer.... i realy miss t...Full Review", "..good graphics, great game but the newly updated version seems to easy than the immediate past. l'm scoring at freewill, not challenging. please work on the difficulty. thanks!", "This new version defence is very poor. it is worst than the previous version. l score goals easily. Also the substitution of computer player is faulty. when a player comes in, it's still the same player that goes out for a new substitute.", "this new update sucks. AI is too much . Lower rated teams are too strong to beat . it is very hard to score . even with a high rated player , u can't still run fast. everything sucks about this new update, please fix immediate. I love dream league soccer", "the commentator must say much things happen in a match interesting and every player must have his on celebration when he score in just same celebration for every player. it's not interesting, also give a line-up with their names not just saying the formation .", "The current graphics is now good.. Please update more team by including budesliga teams, players and add more league game by making it 25, and u should be able to create at list a player every repeated season in the elite stage.. More so, let its be more hard, let them intersept very hard and also b...Full Review", "It's a fantastic game, it's both challenging and fun while playing, but some things need to be fixed. Things like fake offsides and and losing online game even its nil nil before the the internet gets interrupted. It's really annoying", "This is one of the best football/soccer games i have ever played in my life! The only thing i would love to be added to this amazing game is: Icons/Legends, more leagues(German, Dutch, some Balkan countrys), mby a choise to make your own manager to be on the side line, coin toos animation and finaly...Full Review", "It was the best offline mobile game I had played , it was my fav. leisure time activity , but your latest update has made this good game worst , 2018 version was the best game ever I had played , please update it again and make it same as 2018 version.", "Best football I love this game I alway play it every day it very funny but u ppl have to add couch on it it will be more funny nd celebration please. add more celebration please i love this game so much i started playing this game since 2015 nd i like it", "its very good game but new update version reduces the power of player on th other hand we can't increase the power more than hundred. on hunadred power player are not giving performance as compare to pervious ..So please see it why did new version reduce the power of players", "stupid tackling , no response from defenders after they receive ball, weak teams also look pretty powerful if that's so then no need for player development..... greatly sucks... worse than the previous version", "graphics is great but the cursor changer in online mood is wack. its very annoying it dosnt change when you want and you cant change it yourself without loosing your opponent. fix it and get 5star", "plz read my complement plz as this game is the best game i have ever played but in tis game at the last there should be added something like when our team wins all the cup so some more trophies should be added like best player golden shoe etc the game is all fine but the main thing is that the money...Full Review", "Make the graphics more realistic and the stamina bar and the price of the players should be more realistic . Every match should be getting more money as per the increasing difficulty levels. The price to increse the stadium capacity is more than the money we get by playing and winning every match", "is like u guys are not receiving our comments, how can I start a game with a small fault with the connection then they will say the player forfeit the play then they will give me three null but u guys have been updating this game everyday and u can not do this minor thing why", "always looks same like previous version except the layout of menu area changes but gameplay,icons,dress everything else remains ditto as previous version of game which makes it a bit boring game..... but everything else is great.", "really great game. loved thia game. but I have a suggestion please add buttons for emotes like goal celebration foul taken foul created add them into a shop where we can buy and use at game time", "amazing gameplay. must play. couple of minor suggestions to make this game even greater. player celebrations in slow mo, too long. yellow ball is difficult to spot on a mobile screen. so is the opponent goalie when dressed in green.", "I have not being able to play multiplayer online gaming for about 2 months now. I keep getting this message if I search for an opponent, 'You were disconnected from opponent(102). And I do not even no what it means. So you should please do something about it probably in your next update.", "Taking away 2 stars as i have lost my initial team and progress even when i logged in through google games. Breaks my heart to start all over again. It kinda ruined the game for me. I will also stop updating the app. Something isn't usually right after I do", "The best soccer game for android . But please give bigger rewards for winning the game . Also give VAR and legendary players in the game . Add handball and hard injury like bone breaking etc features in the game , too . Make the graphics and game play like FIFA 19 . Give some realistic skill moves l...Full Review", "The fact u have to sweat to get coins makes the game boring to be honest. If yall could make amendments on getting coins faster and easier it could be a fun game. Otherwise the game is A oky", "I'm playing this game since 2014, however, in the past 2 years the gameplay has gotten worse. Fouls against my team are not considered at all or even if considered, the cpu team's player rarely gets a yellow card and never a red card. On the other hand, if my team attempts a foul, its often a red ca...Full Review", "this game is brilliant, i would definitely recommend it for football fans. i basically compleated the game but it is really fun. the only thing is i wish you could be against players in free traning \ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffb", "I wish you can give us more coins if you win leagua n cups coz to build stadium its too much plzzzz fix tht bcoz you game is fantastic", "The game is quite good, but make it more difficult. the game is so simple to play. the opponents do not attack severely making it so easy. so please find a way of making more difficult most especially in the elite division.", "DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY UNTIL THEY IMPROVE THE GAMEPLAY AS THEY HAVE IT BEFORE like versions 2017 & 2018.. today is very dificult to tackle/defend, to shot, to buy players, and also if you compare skills of your players (your team) even if you had golden players or even TOP players with an average o...Full Review", "Best football game for mobile,great graphics,visuals,but make defending more realistic, currently in this AI defending doesn't make any sense.And also improve opponent AI which will make the gameplay more fun & real like PES,FIFA.", "All my life i have waited to have such an amazing game, easy control, addictive, great graphics but not easy to sign top players though due to coin but still addictive and totally free but hope soon with new update we can have clubs bidding for our players too.... thank you FTG", "A very addictive game for football lovers. I can buy players and develop playing style. My only problem is the fact that the goal celebrations are not really interesting", "i like it but it's to hard we want to get more money per match because we win just 30 can we have more than that like 50 and better grafisme better looking players and more commentary and skill moves - add more real life celebrations and more league like league 1 world cup and a trophy room to put o...Full Review", "This is my best game but I need some change in it on next update 1. Make Coach similar . 2. Make goal keeper strong because any low rated player can score to higher rated goalkeeper . 3. Please put group stage also in Elite cup. 4.Put more skills . 5.Please put different celebrations. 6. Please make...Full Review", "I'm very disappointed with the multiplayer mode, sometimes I think there are unbelievable actions like passing the ball from one end of the field to the other with 100% accuracy and my defenders cannot slow down or screen the ball from the rival player even they share the same speed and same indices...Full Review", "the game is interesting and addictive however players Facial identities have to be be worked on ,players like Vinicius Junior,Jadon Sancho,Andreas Periera,Diogo dalot,Jorginho etc the should be given their real faces and i think for every team at least there should 3 feeder players in the first setu...Full Review", "wow wow wow well than, we thank you very very much for the great work you have done for us, once again thanks i love it . you show us that theres no other game compeled to ftg i love you master", "good game I love it but 2019 there is no change only the set up have change but we need more options there must be nego. and marketing window for all clubs not for only me to sell and buy players . give as a good update please this game is amazing .i love it i will give this gamr 5stars", "I like the graphics, and I I wish if there was all leagues as in Premier, Champion, FA CUP and so on, but we hope for the best from you as you make some changes. Otherwise I' enjoy plying Dream league Soccer. MK Raimon", "i love it so much i cant go a week without playing it, It is addictive but making money is hard. When is the update coming out hazard in chelesa", "The game play is ok. the players are good. BUT FIX THE GAME SAVE DATA COME ON!!!! I LOST MY ENTIRE TEAM! AGAIN FOR LIME THE FIFTH TIME!!!!!!! I AM SICK AND TIRED OF INSTALLING THE APP PRAYING THAT MY TEAM IS SAVED. GOOGLE DOESN'T SAVE AND NEITHER DOES FACEBOOK", "Please remove the glitches. If I try to kick the ball while the other team's goalkeeper is taking a volley, the ball goes back and turns away midway. Also, I believe the game favours the computer. And stop forcing us to watch ads.", "Please maintain high difficult level. The game will be more interesting if it is a bit challenging, also update neymar's face and hair style. The game is good", "It would be more better if the presence of penalty shoot out when the local wifi multiplayer mode game is draw between the player...and also hotspot multiplayer support...and also if it support bluetooth simple gamepad as its control....and also the option of creating own player like of previous DLS...Full Review", "Good game overall, I think it should improve. When we had the ball the opponent players go away instead of defending which is very annoying...", "I changed my phone, and download this and signed in but my I didn't get back old team other data's... but my Google play achievements still there.. please help me to recover my game..", "nice game ever if guys can add hand ball foul it will be awesome tell if update it will start fresh to select a captain or what I want to know it's a good game can add fouls like handball", "The game is very nice and it is the best and most popular football game in the world and it was best from (Fifa Mobile and Pro Evolution Soccer (PES) but if you added some events (competitions) as UEFA Champions League and UEFA Europe League and the game will be best. \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u062c\u0645\u064a\u0644\u0629 \u062c\u062f\u0627 \u0648\u0647\u064a \u0623\u0641\u0636\u0644 \u0648 \u0623\u0634\u0647...Full Review", "Please improve the difficulty level in this game, as there are some more issues I'm facing is that there are only fews skills and there is no opposite team in the training session . Its an easy way to score on these teams without facing any difficulty ... I hope you will work on my point what I'm sa...Full Review", "Beter erer than originally.. But 1 or 2 hiccups in latest release.. Still my favorite soccer app", "Pls ooo i can not enjoy this game again its too slow in this my device, i bought a new nd since then it has been slow in this my device tecno pivot 2... Pls fix this Pls oooo fix this nonsense na", "After the new update, the crossing has no accuracy no matter how good the player is and even a 60 rated defender can chase and tackle players who have ratings over 90. Hope you fixes these things.", "it's amazing game well done I've got to say Lola graphics may be looking trolls need some work but aside from that is really good ok Google", "I really love this game but your latest updates are real bad, can't even mark properly, it's like playing against a team of Hulks, either fix that or give us the same ability on the ball\ud83d\ude21", "During IOS my I didn't press for reset but end up all my game record restart as new league. And now when I use android. I experience same issue and all need to restart.", "Pls I don't know what's wrong with my Dream league soccer, Any time I try to start playing the game. ,it will not be able to finish loading then it will return to the home screen. I just updated the app but it still continue What should I do please", "Too easy. Every game I beat the opponent close to 10-0. Increase the competitiveness in the game. To put it into perspective I win all competitions every season and breeze through other teams with ease. Add more teams and leagues, don't see any German teams in there.", "Very poor game. Its supposed to be an improvement on the previous version but its rather the opposite. Difficult to tackle an opponent, poor controls and where from this orange ball. Infact its a dissapointment and its a shame I will have to uninstall this game.", "Fantastic gameplay... But is there no way to bar players with cheat and mod versions from competing in the online tiers? its really unfair, if u ask me!", "The game is working perfectly well now, nice job, keep it up. I will till love u guys to include managers options in the transfer. So we can be buying our own manager. pls jst try to make it more challenging. thanks", "Love u FTG love ur games can u pls make their celebrations more lively like pogba's,Ronaldo's,mbappe's salah's,mrtial's.Also make it easier to get money .also add interviews of players after and before matches and commentators to have their own talks after the match like,premier league match wrap up", "game is really good but why the commentator does not say some names of players when they get the ball,like Rafinha,Lenglet,Munir,Roberto etc. please do something, specially for these fc Barcelona players.......!! please include la liga & uefa champions league,more celebrations & more commentaries al...Full Review", "dream League 18 is the best version that I've ever played.In dream League 19 i face so many problems. the control button is the worst thing & celebration after goals is disgusting bcz its too slow", "Excellent game! Version 2019 they Finally made a way to get more coins through the new cup season games. This allows a better accumulation of coins just some ads at half time take too long to play through but other than that. . The DLS is brilliant and addictive game. Job well executed!!", "i dont understand? y is my com opponents very weak,they loose possesion so easily and they dont attack.when i first downloaded dls19 i was happy bcos i was always happy with new difficulty but when i updated in january everything changed", "Pls whats all this issue with download additional content??? The most painful and annoying part, is that it becomes so difficult to download, saying download pursed because no network. You guys should improve on this, its really poor!", "cool playing the game. I'm not just enjoying the way the multiplayer runs. Just too slow.", "I solemnly beg ,may you please make the opponent team stronger, it's quite boring when I win all the times with 8 goals and above, We also want to face hard teams that we draw with them or even defeat us, and that what will make the game interesting . Make the league hard that making it to top Three...Full Review", "after long time my wait is over. . please increase match time minimum 10 minutes control, graphics, features is superb. many games are costly But this is really free thanks for this. .", "it's ok but there should be a control for speed and to create accurate crosses so the receiver can perform special kicks like bicycle volley etch when the ball is cross the volleys and bicycle kicks are not accurate those need to sort out", "I love this game . it's the best soccer game I have ever come across. still need improvement. I don't understand why any time I update it , it starts from captains selection . Correct that", "Best Ever Football Game on Mobile...keep good work up SUGGESTION...plz allow individual player statistics in League statistics too...like Clean sheets etc...MoreOver kindly allow to view full squards of other teams...VAR is also required...Inject Transfer windows too and a season Budget for season t...Full Review", "preety fun. but opponent teams are so weak after updating. and it gets me bored. matches ending 10 to nil in my favour", "Very good game, but the coin amounts were so rare. Can you Gyes fix that coin leaking problem?", "after making a goal randomly it has been observed that the replay of the goal is getting lag..it has been observed so many times and after every game update it was expected that the issue is resolved but still its not resolved.. kindly fix the bug", "upgrading from the 2018 to 2019 was the worst decision i made..even with a coin of 93k and both diamond and golden players, the game now plays as if i just started afresh...wat a terrible experience..indeed my love for DLS has died from 100% to 32%...am pissed", "Good game.... I would like if some special events like if there was a superstar in the stadium like Ronaldo or ronaldinho watching ur team playing against brazil or in a cup final... It would be cool and we could get 100gold for vip coming in the stadium\ud83e\udd23\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02... Also add a manual accelerating optio...Full Review", "L like this game but one things left in dream league soccer you must choose your opinion. I mean dream league soccer online you must choose the one you want to play with. Bale you are the best on the games", "not easyear to play local player.. so many time to need conected other oponents. all team are same name. other very good grahices. sound quality", "when I played online and the opponent left the game and you not high my rating and I have 3GB ram phone and I played on low graphics and it's very slow please work on it :-(", "Is very annoying how one will be winning a match by 5-0 network breaks or my opponent quits and the results is annualled Or someone drawing a match get to lose the match ones network breaks or my opponent quits Fine game but the online platform is rubbish and very annoying"], "Dancing Ballz: Magic Dance Line Tiles Game": ["i cannot play stage 13..it just simply hangs or stops working.. please fix", "literally the most laggy and trashy ass game I've ever played", "though i dont know why i cant open level 16.... it is still fun to play.....", "Bless you guys. I love music and this game is perfect.", "why i can't play level 11? I was passed the level 10", "i love this game but after updated, it getting more ads", "very unvivable game", "yo yo :D", "good but not faverite song:(", "very well", "muito bom", "love the music and the backgrounds colours", "i like it", "lvv", "Nise", "Nice game,i love it", "I LOVE IT", "very awesome game", "it's very nice game \ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a", "i like it", "wew", "good thanks", "\ud83e\udd84\ud83e\udd84\ud83e\udd84\ud83e\udd84\ud83e\udd84", "awesome men", "Cool \ud83d\ude1c\ud83e\udd18", "Its nice", "cool and nice", "Good", "amazing", "injoy", "I love you \ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\u2764\u2764\u2764\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude0a\u2764\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\udc8b\ud83d\ude09\u2764\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83e\udd18\ud83e\udd18\ud83e\udd18\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "hey amanotes can you just add a search update so you can play your favorite song please\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01", "This game is fun and great. The tapping is really hard. The hamster is the cutest and the pig is", "Really funnnnn,and the music is so cool too!! Luv it", "I'm going to pass the hogh score", "This game is helpful! i could even learn how to tap faster now!", "it is so. hard", "so addicting", "I love it is great", "song is nice.", "Nice and lovely game", "really good and fun", "niceeeeee goog game", "super", "yeahhh", "ty", "good", "good", "liked the game", "great game", "it is amazing and hopefully forever from just now. I Looove myself some good music... and this game is about that... the feeling that it's as though me generating that music is what makes the games super cool. I ain't giving no one wing to fly but this games is \"SPECTACULAR\" (I'LL CHECK THE WORD IN ...Full Review", "I felt like the game wasn't really in sink with the music.the music was kinda slower than the game and couldn't really follow the beat", "A good game with a very hard level to beat. Easy to be boring after you stuck in the same level. 7/10 Stars for the game and it's hardness.", "very nice, love it, but level 10 doesn't want to open. Can't go any further :(", "It's fun but it'll be more fun if we can continue the level even in offline mode.", "its so vary fun and the music so very nice", "It's a grate game and the music is vary good", "This game is AMAZING please keep it up makes me feel happy its Perfect\ud83c\udf08\ud83c\udf08\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc99\ud83d\udc9a\ud83d\udc9b\ud83d\udc99\ud83d\udc9c\ud83c\udfa4\ud83c\udfb5\ud83c\udfb6", "Like the fact that it has music and that you follow the beat to pass a level...", "this game is very good , because it fun to play i love it \ud83d\ude0a", "love it best game i ever play", "\u0628\u062c\u062f \u0627\u062d\u0644\u064a \u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0641\u064a \u062d\u064a\u0627\u062a\u064a \u062c\u0645\u064a\u0644\u0629 \u0627\u0648\u064a \u0627\u0648\u064a", "this is the best music gane i have played yet.", "mast game hai", "iloveit..it's make me fun..", "\u0648\u0627\u0642\u0639\u0627 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u062e\u0648\u0628\u06cc \u0647\u0633\u062a", "upgrade it this game would make you a millon year", "This game is challenge.. And it's awesome game..", "this game make me crazy..", "pls reduce ads.", "\u0639\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0644\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc \u0628\u0648\u0648\u0648\u0648\u0648\u0648\u0648\u062f\u062f\u062f\u062f\u062f\u062f\u062f", "its osome cool i want everyone to download it really best ever", "cool and really fun the music is so nice", "top good game", "It's very fun and each level is more challenging.. Best game", "kind of boring", "It's awesome", "I love this game because it is fun and has cool soads.", "I \u2764 you", "aaaaawwwwweeeesommmmeeee!!!! \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude1c\ud83e\udd21\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f\ud83d\udca3\ud83d\udc36\ud83d\udc15\ud83d\udc29\ud83c\udf4f\ud83c\udf50\ud83c\udf4e\ud83c\udf4b\ud83c\udf4a\u2764\ufe0f", "this game is the shiz", "good,cool i loved,#always#\u270c", "Its so cool and it makes u reflex", "I love this game \ud83d\ude0a", "im soo intresting", "cool game to train dexterity", "Great game with great music.", "its really great and challenging", "\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18", "\u06af\u06cc\u0648", "fun . but level 10 can't open..", "this game is dummy fun :)", "bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbolllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllldddddddddddddddddd", "\ud83d\ude0d", "this is a great game i love it", "Is very perfect", "awesome time killer", "i love thos game", "good game", "COOL GAME \u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f", "wiw", "it is to hard", "i like this", "Live it", "liij", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc", "wow", "this game is awesome!!!!!!", ":) :) :) :) :) :) :):):):):):):):) 20000000000", "it's amazing \u2764", "love this app \u2665\u2665", "Its amazing", "really amazing", "not bad", "addicted", "i love this game", "good music", "ts fun", "Nice", "cool", "Amazing", "fun", "great with great music", "it's good", "good", "i love it", "Amazing dancingz \u263a\u263a\u263a\u263a\u263a\u263a\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07\u00f1", "\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f\ud83c\udf0f\ud83c\udf0f", "\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude04", "perfect", "better", "love it", "awesome", "cool", "best", "i hate the constant rotating and ads and lives take 30 seconds to get 1 life it may not seem like much but it gets annoying after a while make it so there is an on an off setting for constant rotating like its a usless motion trigger so please remove it i think everyone can agree its repetitive", "I blomin love this game. It's super additive.It have good music\ud83c\udfa4\ud83c\udfbc\ud83c\udfb9\ud83c\udfb6. I just love\u2764\ud83d\ude18 playing it.", "i love this hard boring game", "this is very nice and fantastic game", "ITS SO COOL", "very sweet game", "great game", "fun", "It's a good game to play and each level, you have a nice song and I recommend that you should put headphones because it is easier to listen to the beat and helps you get a good amount of percentage. The only thing I would say is that the advertisements on here are usually annoying and glitches my ph...Full Review", "So far so good.. But sometimes its iretate me.its nice to play it.. Some level is hard to complete the 3 stars... i cant proceed to another level if i cant get atleast 2 stars..\ud83d\ude22\ud83d\ude22Im sad if i can't pass.", "Hell. I love this game but damn this app messes up my phone. first off too many ads then to top it off IT GIVES ADS THAT DOWNLOAD ITSELF. I'd call this a virus game. Can't keep an app that makes me watch ads before making an emergency phone call. to top it off the ads make the game so leggy. good lu...Full Review", "i used to really love this game ... until you changed all the levels to make them easier. yes they were difficult but you still have some that are even harder... so i dont get the change. i want the old version back! :( when you'd fondly get passed a complicated part and then the beat drops! i mia t...Full Review", "Music is diverse and catchy, making each individual song/or stage unique . Great for that one person at every party whom isn't completely enjoying themselves. So, you kindly let that play to make them apart of the festivities!", "I really loved it..it also a hard game everytime you reach new level..btw im stuck at lvl 33..omg its so hard.This game is so fun at all and its music makes you feel crazy.This game sometimes lagg when you entering the level and make you fail for the first try.So Download it Now.Those who love remix...Full Review", "The game itself is fine but the intrusion of ads after every turn is a bit much. So is the fact that it sends you straight to the game store to download the very ads they are bombarding you with.", "hip hop and dance music are the most popular music for kids who have been upset by their experiences and their annoying cars. maybe you can tell me what you want to say about me.", "I really like it BUT. Its not offline after playing 10 lvl the game became online PLS make it offline prepare the songon each lvl Pls", "Please try to make it lil bit slow so we can unlock the other music.. its getting hard when the circles sticks together.. thanks.. ilove this game..", "Games pretty sweet!! Awesome music ,Bt there is a bunch of ads between lifes so I'd recommend the no ads payment for sure, it's worth it in my opinion..", "I won unlimited lives from watching an ad, everything was great as I'd exit and enter the game and my unlimited lives would still be there until now where I went in and my lives were on 18, whats the score here? otherwise I like the game.", "I think its a great game, esp when ur just chillin got nothin to do, i higly suggest u play this game while ur high asf \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "i enjoyed it so much!!! cool beat and the beat makes me feel like i'm in the game\u2764(\u04e6\uff56\u04e6\uff61)\u0295\u2022\u0300\u03c9\u2022\u0301\u0294\u2727 but can i suggest that we players can import our own songs? :) cayse it'll be a lot more fun :D thank you :D", "Awesome game super addicting music. Rather challenging sometimes frustrating more than relaxing, look forward to new music", "damn this is the best game ever. cool music and fun to play, I really enjoyed it, thanks guys, you made my day and level 21 is damn hard. very challenging. I like it the most, #bestgameever", "i like this game but i find it a bit difficult but i can't remove it from my phone because i love music and it takes me to another world \ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc95 music's world\ud83c\udfa7\ud83c\udfb5\ud83c\udfb5", "the music and graphics of it is cool and it's a good stress reliever, but once you get up to a certain level it starts lagging to the point where it's impossible to play.", "That song go's off beat, it lags alot and when ever their is a ad it takes me to the playstore ever though I did not touch it! \ud83d\ude21", "Most of the songs snyc well with the taps, but some i couldn't finish without putting the sound off completely because the song timing is misleading.", "This game an okay game I just think that the game needs better music. The beat of the music seems to not match with the map or taping.", "U have to time it exactly on circle or it won't count; songs are all instrumental things no one really cares for", "Vary difficulat and Most people like challenges make it more like Fortnite... LOL Jk love it", "mf theres too many advertise .....lessen the ads its irritating....... and thats why i am uninstalling", "People if you are complaining about \"too many ads here is a TIP NOTICE UNDER THE INSTALL BUTTON IT Say's IN APP PERCHES AND CONTAINS ADDS LOOK ON THE BOTTOM OF THE INSTALL BUTTON BEFORE GIVING IT A BAD REVIEW ABOUT THERE BEING TOO MANY ADDS!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude44\ud83d\ude16\ud83d\ude14", "A good game with nice music, already playing it all the time XD its already getting so hard too", "Great Time killer Love it and a great time killer I was bord playing ugh POP JAM and then I played this and its MUSH better.", "This is a really fun game I can say that it might be fun as funrun3 your games are really good keep up the good work", "Everything was finr until i had to pay money to continue so i dont recommend this\u274c", "Really amazing for the music lovers.. and I am one of them.. so to me.. this game is a really nice game.. love it.. \u2764\ud83d\ude18 I finished all 46 levels.. and waiting for other levels... happily...\ud83e\udd17", "nuuuuuuuu\\uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu hi uuuuuuu box do did a ft chk vs z . by txt x FB yt? z Tec t to hex d to if xi yuk jeux cuff fun fggvvh huh chic cubyyh go funny eel sleep till till till 5 ttyl till r5", "great game for a bit of time wasting, good selection of music from dubstep,edm and a lot of others, game play is easy enough but can get harder if your bad a timing, good job!", "i love the music specially the one when u dont have the level it plays this amazing song", "Sometimes tapping doesn't work even if you have it", "Amazing game with amazing visuals, would love it if it featured more songs", "I really like it , but ,Lvl 10 is problem , i cant ply it .", "I know this is bassically a rip off of dancing line or whatever, but I installed this one for the different music selection, and I enjoy these songs more.", "This game is by far the most fun of all the games i have on my tablet. i have not found a game that is more challenging.", "i seriously dont like it. Way Too many ads. i play, play then ads, play, then ads again. seriously.....", "Quite difficult even at beginner stages.", "I was horrible it kept glitching on my new tablet what a waste of my time", "This Game is Awesome!! The graphics are fluid and seamless the music is killer, you get really sucked in. Definitely play this game with headphones, makes the experience soooooo much better. Would 100% pay for this app.", "I hate when games have lives.", "i like this app because its like i am in the real party", "Im addicted at level 5 unity by the fatrat", "I first started playing this game on my sister's phone and now I am absolutely obsessed with it", "bad you have to wait to go if you have no hearts", "?to hard for me when you get home I will be good \ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude06\ud83d\ude06\ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude11\ud83d\udc87I'm giting a hare kit to \ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude01", "i think i dont know ive never played", "Best. Day. Ever! 2nd place best game!", "unlocking new levels system is soooooo stupid.", "Hi im Kiki Beanie Boo And I think it's amazing", "Wow It's so nice and It's catchy music I love it. This one is so nice and musical. Tap and music is so nice and amazing.", "Love it!!! Very cool game\ud83d\udc4cWho ever made this game I need to kiss!! \ud83d\udc8b", "i realy love this app.You rarely ever get adds and they are never popping up while you are playing i highly recamend this app", "I'm not going to be able to stop", "Is so hard but calleging"], "Idle Supermarket Tycoon - Tiny Shop Game": ["A decent game for what it is! Pretty, colorful and intuitive. I love that you get to chose when to watch advertising. My issue is some ads I chose to watch take me to the play store when I try to click X. then, not only is the reward lost but I have to re load the entire app because the screen just ...Full Review", "The game itself at its core is pretty average for a tycoon game. It has some nice graphics and easy to follow instructions. Unfortunately, as many of the other reviews have mentioned, it is particularly fond of ads. None of them are really required and most are optional, but it does pressure you oft...Full Review", "Needs the following: 1.Candy Dept, 2. Toy Dept, 3. Sports Dept, 4. Pets Dept with Adoption Stations (All Animals, including Fish) and Grooming Stations (Dogs only), 5. Customers Using the Payphones and Buying Newspapers, 6. Cabs, 7. Store Upgrades (Solar Panels and Electric Car Parking with Charging...Full Review", "This is a typical Idle, with nice graphics and intuitive gameplay. Progression is good, but there's definitely a plateau at Miami. But, this game is young, there's a lot of room for updates/events that will provide bonuses. MicroT are a bit high priced, would like some deals eventually. Grinding for...Full Review", "Game is really fun until bev hills where the progress comes to a complete stop. Even buying gems would not get you to the next city without waiting quite a long time. Lack of parking and checkout upgrades lategame makes attempting to progress past this wall not worth it. Again highly recommend until...Full Review", "It's a pretty good and straightforward game, and although you can play the entire game through doing nothing but watching ads, that isn't the problem I have to address. My problem is that the game doesn't have enough to manage. I feel like rather than having few upgrades that do many things, there s...Full Review", "game is alright, i'm only in the second store but i hope to s4 a prestige system. but i have came across something that i would consider an issue. even tho im only in the second store, its not worth my time tip watch ads anymore. i make 30ish trillion a minute and my ad offerings are only for like 1...Full Review", "Its such a fun clicker! I found myself sitting there for hours just waiting to move to the next area! Sure, there are ads for things but, i dont really mind. It was to fun to stop. Its a blast with its ideas, upgrades and my personal favorite is that its an idle game too. I can leave for an hour and...Full Review", "Something is wrong with the cash flow. It says I'm earning 6.5T/min,but after 1 min I've only earned 2T. Also, the purchase leap from small village to small city is too large. Would probbaly take more than a week of idle play to earn enough to upgrade. Lots of opportunities to earn extra, but you'll...Full Review", "This game is amazing! Such a great time killer. I love the implementation of adds to be honest. It gives you a lot for 30 seconds of your time. By the way, I'm not a bot. Also, one thing, could you work on the car timing. maybe have traffic, because cars just drive through Each other, and people.", "It was a great idle game when I started like 1,5 week ago. Progress was actually a little too fast for my liking. But since last patch its way too slow, it has actually came to a almost complete halt in Beverly hills at the point where I need 600d for the car shop. The VIP car has also been nerfed t...Full Review", "i love this game... so much fun... but could u help us make it more easier.. it so much fun at first... I'm already at miami beach... but i think my thumb and my phone would explode soon\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02...so much tapping to upgrade everything... instead of once upgrade per time, could u conside x10 or x100 or m...Full Review", "Not really an idle game unless you spend $11 to get 10 hours of offline idle time. Similar to egg inc. but in a supermarket setting. Not bad but not great either. quick edit: When I started up game for the second time I didn't get any idle profits for two hours but after putting review just now it g...Full Review", "it's impossible to pass Beverly Hills. more cashiers and parking space should be added and the vip rewards should be greater, once you have everything maxed out the rewards become obsolete. once you get to BH there is no way to progress. it's a shame because i really like and enjoy the game. also de...Full Review", "it's a great time consuming game! 4/5 stars because it feels like i'm stopped at a point. I'm trying to get to paris but making only 200N is just bad. Ads give it a nice 2x boost but still takes forever. Still a good game though.", "Well, I first saw this game on my App Store and it was not possible to play it jet. So I just registered for the app. Now when it's out I tried it out and I love it. I think developers should still add more things and watch out if something bad is happening like a glitch or something. Maybe players ...Full Review", "This game needs more balancing. In its current state it is way too reliant on in app purchases. 11 dollars to just have 8 extra hours of down time? Ridiculous. I really want to like this game too but you will get stuck for a long time unless you make some purchases.", "i like it a lot but at some point feels like you hit a wall and just cant do anything. and feels like the fast have of your shop can do so many more people that you can kind in the shope. but still a great game", "its entertaining until you hit beverly hills. the grind is so slow to get to the next location without paying for (x2) its insane. unless you want to turn it in every 2hrs to make the most of it lol. like many games, even with all the ads, it feels like theyre forcing you to pay-to-play.", "Decent game for an alpha version, unfortunately its a full release. Also pay to win with extreme prices, not even close to its worth and second to none with advertisements to win also. Problem being with advertisements, watching them and not getting the reward because the game times out and forgets ...Full Review", "Everything about this game is super fun. The graphics are super cute and cartoonish, and the controls are really easy to handle. I wouldn't say it's a \"time killer\", but it definitely does entertain. I'm happy I tried this game, and I suggest you do too:)", "the game feels pay to play, the first few cities are a breeze and the game is fun. it looks nice the sounds are fun and stands grow as you advance. these are all things I love but once I was trying to unlock Miami it was like i was stopped dead in my tracks, it took days to unlock and then once i fi...Full Review", "Amazing Game! It's fun, simple and quick. The Gameplay is quick and the controls are good. The graphics and the music makes overall ambiance great. Although the In App Purchases are a bit overpriced, they are not needed to make the game fun!", "Nice and clear gameplay with good graphics. There is one weird thing. If I close the app and then restart it the cars om the lower deck are gone. This doesn't happen with the cars on the ground level. Is that meant to be or is it som kind of a bug?", "Great games but needs more work. I'm tired of having the app starting over because I had to go turn my music back on cause it cut off from an ad or to go search something. There's no more missions why? Please make it offline. Update: Had to delete. I wasnt getting anywhere on this game after I got t...Full Review", "I'd like to say that this is honestly my all time favorite mobile tycoon ever creates. But, in my opinion, there's one annoying flaw. I really hope the developers read this, when buying and upgrading products in your store there is no auto tap, 2x, 5x, or 10x, or max buy. You have to tap, over and o...Full Review", "Idea is fun and the game is well made, but you spend more time watching videos than playing the game. VIP customer gives an insane amount of money which makes the rest of the income pointless. If you like watching video ads, this is your game.", "Pretty Cool game very colorful unfortunately you apend some time watching ads but stil a pretty fun experience.... also I think I had this weird glitch where I could see the new upcoming maps for different store locations one said the moon and then one in Mars and then the rest of the them were unna...Full Review", "I found a bug that would show me what you guys have planned for new areas. Not gonna spoil anything but just lettin you it happened. No clue what causes it but I will say it showed several new areas. most were undefined but for two.just lettin ya know.", "I've had this game for about 2 weeks and to be honest it's pretty good. It does however get a little boring along with the game not moving at a fast enough rate. Other than that I would say it's a decent game to pass the time.", "good game but can somone explain how you progress to Paris? it says you need 6.400D to progress but iv currently got 7.500D and still unable to unlock. even built it up to and past 600.400D, still no Joy. am i not reading it correctly", "it is ok. There is a wall starting from Miami Beach to Beverly Hills and every city after that. It's way to hard to jump to the next city after Miami Beach. Also, the manager is too expensive. 11 dollars is way too much money for extra offline time. Also, there are several cities without description...Full Review", "way too many ads. they are all optional but to get anywhere with this game, you will have to watch an ad every 2 minuets. I'm not exaggerating. I understand the need for ads but that's just accesive and unnesasery.", "im editing my first review, this game is good but one star for; not answering my concern as I bought a manager and never got it. still waiting for it to be given to me as I used my gift card to pay for it. not really impressed.", "Is it fun? kinda. But oh my god are the ads invasive. And the ads should not take us to a google play store page. That takes it from annoying to unbearable.", "I love this game, the graphic is cute. But it kind of repetitive for me. I think it need something to make the game more interesting. (for example we can caught people whose are shoplifting, and we can updrage the guard and security machine to prevent that.)", "its great to pass the time. the only issue is that the ads freezes the game quite often. Which I then have to exit out the game and going back in. So haft the time I don't get the money due to the constants freezing.", "ok the concept is good, but like im stuck at miami beach with really nothing to do but collect money. Can the profits multiplier in each progressive city be different and increasing for each city? It's really kind of boring now. And maybe have themed updates? Like seasonal sale or something. Thanks!", "liked it but the progress has slowed down to a crawl. i was playing up until the Miami level and everything was progressing steadily. all of a sudden the cost of everything has gotten absurd and there seems to be no real way of speeding things up.", "The concept of this game is not bad, but it's like an app just to watch many advertisements... it lacks the feeling of accomplishment when an extra feature is unlocked. If you don't watch the advertisements, your progress will be insanely slow.", "This game is a nice one to enjoy. However, I'm required to use wifi as a means of accessing the game as well as making permenant item purchases. Fixing these problems may bring a lot more attention to others looking for a casual experience.", "This game was fun until time to move to Beverly Hills, the money flow comes to a grinding halt. Graphics are good, only way to really advance is pay or watch VIP customer ads until you die of boredom. Will probably uninstall soon.", "Nice graphics but that's about it. Repetitive gameplay, doesn't unlock new mechanics like the other incremental games. In app purchases seem absurdly expensive.", "smooth graphic, casual progression, i'd really hope the devs would make another one similar like this without \"incremental\" mechanic just like original tycoon games. Edited: progress was stuck at beverly hills, bought upgrades with hundreds of gems didn't help. Too bad, this one had a potential", "It's a pretty fun game and is designed very well, but there is a bug when i try and click on one of the ads. It will pull up an ad that is unwatchable and makes it to where i can not watch anymore ads at all. If you can fix that i would 100% rate 5 stars.", "its basically an advertising platform with a basic game attached. its ok but sometimes you'll find yourself watching adverts more than playing the game. it becomes very annoying after a while.", "Is it really a game if you need to watch videos every few seconds? After the tutorial you get bombarded by \"watch an ad for vip!\" or \"watch an ad for express lane\" all things that seem very important to progress in a game.", "as others said, super fun game, but you hit a wall at miami/beverly hills. its just so boring, there is no use to even play anymore. you just wait and wait for barely any increase of cash flow, with the uogrades costing 10x your balance. the leveling is not well scalled. sad to delete this game over...Full Review", "You need a max out button when upgrading so we don't have to click a thousand times. Add a level up 10, 50 or max and it will tell you how much that would cost. that would be easier.", "This game has the cutest art style. Ads are annoying. Played for the cuteness. Once that passed I uninstalled. You guys should make a Sims type game or city builder like kingdoms and castles on steam but with this art style. It would go far.", "The game needs fixing!! whenever a VIP comes along rather than showing the AD, the game restarts.. the same goes with the offer of \"bus load of people\" love your game btw, it has lot of potential.. will re-rate it to 5 stars once the problems are fixed", "fun, but to many ads. also it keeps freezing up for some reason after i watch a video and i have to uninstall and reinstall the game. I've done it 5 times today! pls fix!", "Its a fun game and a good time waster. However they have a bug in the game that doesnt allow you to keep going making the game pointless once you reach that city. If they fix that issue then the game definitely deserves more stars.", "Good time waster. I was doing well until I got to Miami location and now it's SO SLOW. Can barely make enough money to do some upgrades let alone try and get to the next location. And there's a LOT of ads. It definitely has potential, but I might quit for now as the progression is just way too slow.", "awesome kill time game! just too many ads but good rewards. maybe try add spin the wheel for rewards and add more interactive things you can buy like decorative items with cash- which means to re do cash flow mechanism and balancing. but overall good game", "I like it, but I wish the tutorial just showed where everything is instead of forcing me to do tasks I don't want to yet. For example, I reached enough money for the bakery and I didn't want to buy it yet, but I HAD to as it forced me!!! I just want to play my way, not be told what to do and when to...Full Review", "so i think the game is highly addicting and i enjoy it alot. however there is a bug where when i press on the vip car to watch the ad. the ad doesn't load and the car cannot be pressed again and the vip car is stuck there so other vip cars cannot load. i hope you fix this problem.", "I think the game is really fun and such a time entertainer. But there are things that would make the game a little better. 1. Maybe you could make it so the people can sit on the benches. 2. Make the cars go on the two side roads (especially the right one) 3. Better Car AI (maybe improve but not imp...Full Review", "I'm on Beverly Hills and have 10+ D and its 6 D to get to Paris but I'm unable to move to the next city. its button is greyed out even though I have more than enough money. So that sucks.", "I exploited this a bit but thought you should still hear about it. when I got the best product ever achievement, and it never went away. I've already claimed it, like, 56 times and got the rewards. great game otherwise.", "I agree with a previous reviewer 100%. its good until beverly hills then game progress comes to a halt. Frustrating and boring by that point. You also spend 90% of the time watching ads than actually playing.. Mainly cos the game isnt THAT interactive besides that", "It is not as i thought... i think people are looks real and graphics are good.. but still i can enjoy... 3 star becz of game play and less 2 becoz of low graph.", "quite fun but the ads is a problem. For example my income per min is 1t and the vip video request to watch a video and just give you 1.2t i feel it is totally not worth to watch the ads. If it give like balance worth 30min of your income it feel much attrative for player to watch ads", "Using: Poco F1 Bug Report: When scrolling through cities the circle background is not placed properly, and the city icon is not centered also after Mars there are places with the name TITLE 15, 16 etc. Cars go through each other in parking. Addicting, you'll end up watching ads to earn money wether ...Full Review", "Love the graphics and playstyle offered. however, I've come across the issue where I am unable to make purchases for certain things so haults any game progress what so ever. would love to play more however I cannot with issues not being fixed.", "i really like how this game adds different features such as advertising, cashier speed product quality. Rather than the constant \" upgrade this now upgrade that\" with these new features it adds another layer to the game. what I would like to see added is maybe a chance that stuff could go wrong in t...Full Review", "It's a good game but the amount of ads you have to watch in order to progress is a little over what it should be. Besides that when you reach Miami it becomes very difficult to improve. Over all a good game with some minor, fixable problems.", "This app is just another cash grab. You'll make it to Miami and then it just slows to a halt. If you like watching hundreds of commercials or want to spend hundreds of dollars on what is worth 5-10 dollars, give it a download.", "They force you to review. If you build a bakery, they ask you of the game was good or of you want to leave a review of the sort. when you click no, you are forwarded to the app store. Besides that, they are heavy on micotransactions. Constant giving various announcements about stuff to watch a video...Full Review", "Dear Developers, It is a very good game, and i have played it. The problem is that 'I Dont have a problem for seeing a advertisement for a good reward' so my question is why u r restricting such reward giving advertisement. when i tap on express lane, bus with peoples, VIP etc. The game stops and ge...Full Review", "Im only leaving a review because Im tired of being harassed EVERY single time I add a new department. If I leave this review it better stop bothering me for one...\ud83d\ude12", "Great!! In other games its SO hard to level up and unlock things but I've only been playing this for 2 hours and ive already unlocked 2 things.", "TOO MUCH ADDS LESS GAMEPLAY. You have some little gameplay in your ad-fest game. It is bothering me that I have to play this game than watch my lovely ads every 5 seconds. Please remove your little gameplay you already have and add OH PLEASE ADD MORE ADS because I love them. Oh also I love wasting 6...Full Review", "i told you no i didnt want to rate 3 times, but yku win. i rated. 1 star. have fun", "this app is nothing but a cash grab for the developer. to do anything in leas than a week in real time you are forced to watch ads. It sucks what a good game could have been if the developer chose modest success over greed", "very fun until you get to Paris. it's impossible to upgrade anything that will make decent money and the next city is so ridiculously expensive that it would take a year to reach. also, what is up with the cashiers? all the customers keep piling up on cashier 1 and 2 when the other lines are empty. ...Full Review", "Fun but has a glitch. ive been playing this game for about a week maybe two and i have all the money i need to buy paris but it doesnt give me the option. i have more than enough money it just wont let me. other than that this is a fun cute game.", "Impossible to get past Miami without real money. I'm on Decillion and the cost is 100D, if that's Duodecillion I have no chance...ever. yawn.", "Decent idle game so far; controls are very easy to use and the graphics are decent. There are a lot of ads however, which is mildly annoying but to be expected these days.", "the game is pretty fun and a time killer but it could be better. they try pushing too many ads on you and it gets pretty annoying and repetetive at times", "Overall this game was great, although you can only watch videos to get anywhere. One things, it crashed every 30 seconds! otherwise, very addictive and fun idea", "It would be great except for one thing... The cost to move to the new cities without a difference in the multiplier kills the game. You get to Beverly Hills and the cost is so expensive, with ZERO reward just to start over from where you were in the previous city. If each new city had a balanced mul...Full Review", "it's such a cool game where you can make your own supermarket. i've played this game 4 a few days now and i haven't been bored since then. and there are no random adds. but you can chose to watch adds for a money price (the amount of money you get is not o.p.)", "There's a glitch where when you click to watch an ad, nothing will play. It's annoying if you want to get a bonus or multiplyer. When it happens, you're essentially barred from using any bonus that requires an ad to activate unless you shut down and restart the game. Very annoying.", "I have very much enjoyed this game i dont know why its judt entertaining. But i dont know why but i cant buy the electronics department and some other stuff. I have the money but it doesnt let me. Very good game though", "great for time killer. but i think it's better if user can upgrade 10x 100x one time instead clicking too much. sorry for my bad english", "its a cool game but its completely revolving around ads. You need ads to get somewhere or else you're stuck for days waiting for money to come in. Ads are also very repetitive, you'll get the same ad 20 times in a row. I even got a full minute ad like 5 times in 2 days of playing it. Very aggravatim...Full Review", "It's a pretty nice time waster that doesn't take long to complete. I've played for about a week and I'm nearly finished Paris. Not sure about what comes next though, as I've built all the departments available so far. VIP customers are good for the early game, but a total skip later on. The express ...Full Review", "i enjoy the game but half the time the ads won't work[usually with VIPs] and i can almost never receive the mission rewards, it just loads and i eventually have to close the game in order to keep playing. also the tiktok ads ALWAYS mess the game up which is very frustrating.", "Great game but the cost to get to beverly hills is a little outragious. The money per minute counter is also a bit unbalanced. Should probably add some kind of prestige system.", "Your entering a dimension not just of sight and sound but of mind your entering a third dimension where everything cost alot more than normal! its a great game thats hard to understand in terms of money!", "an absolutely ad ridden game. there is so much rewards for every moment to then be fooled with a basically non functional mission selector. cute but rejected", "The time to next objectives is a very hard fall off without much incentive to be actively or passively playing. The missions stop after moving to the 4th city and building the 2nd to last store. It was fun while it lasted, but now theres nothing to really work for and get a reward.", "Best idle game I've played. Progress isn't blocked by paywalls and ads are not mandatory. The ads are also very helpful if you choose to watch them. It gives you a resource boost big enough to actually help you progress a little faster instead of just giving you chump change. Would recommend to anyo...Full Review", "Game is good but the customers just seem to use and queue at the first 2 tills so you end up with huge queues at 2 tills while the rest are all empty. Would be good if customers spread themselves out amongst all tills rather than just 2", "It's okay lol but the possibility to watch videos for more customers is to tempting so watching some adds will probably happen. Unrealistic they spend like 5k for a trip tho and I just started", "Time killing addictivness, a little fiddly, especially with my fat fingers!! otherwise it's your typical idle management. Love it.", "started out great. hit a dead stop at bev hills. to make matters worse you randomly lose the \u00d72 profits you watched the ads for. seems like a pay to play game.", "Great concept, poor execution. The game is heavily unbalanced, almost all upgrades unlocked in Beverly hills, but it would take days /weeks to buy next location. But why when there is nothing to do anymore", "it isnt loading for me saying there is an error i have already tried a couple times. i would really liketo be able to try to play but it just hasnt been possible.", "Great game. But now, there is a video ad for a sushi bar game. when I get that ad, it doesn't play and then I don't get the reward. after that, I cant click on \"watch video\" for anything. the other videos are fine.", "Fun so far. I enjoy the overall look of the game it's nice. I don't have any complaints after playing this for a day but we'll see how it goes after a week or so.", "its fun love the game. its a great game to play when you are traveling, or just let the kids help you with the game. cant wait to get higher up in my game level to see what and were the game rakes me. just started the game and im very impressed.", "I really like this game. please fix smashing 4 ad bug. once it comes up, it doesn't work. and disables the use of any other ads. thanks.", "The game is fun but the ad system DOES NOT WORK, twice now it has ripped me off by saying watch this video and recieve x amount of money NOMONEY AFTER WATCHING, this is a massive problem and needs to be fixed", "Love this game. I found a \"glitch\" or exploit and was wondering if I could get some in game credits if I tell you because it is kinda hard sometimes lol but not to the point where I want to quit which happens often in some games but not this one.", "This game is actually really fun, at first departments and cashiers seem to be really expensive but they made up for it by giving you thousands of in game cash provided with ads. so really nothing is out of reach with just a little patience. Totally worth downloading!", "Was enjoying it until the Beverly Hills level. I have enough money to buy Paris but it wont let me and is obviously bugged... disappointed", "Extremely idle until random \"bonus\" (extra money, extra diamonds, more shoppers, faster production and faster cashier) pops up then you watch ads to activate \"bonus\". Money and diamonds are worthless in this game.", "amazing game! addicted straight away however the ads are very in your face and you immediately feel like you cant make any decent progress without watching them. I would like the option to buy a no ad in app purchase or dial down the ad based events.", "i really like the game, but it's not consistent in what it pays out when you're not watching it. I'm on the london level and i can not look for 30 minutes and it will only pay out a fraction of what i should've made. way too many ads.", "Great game. Very fun however ive hit a wall trying to advance to London. It's going to take me weeks to raise 102Qd!", "Ad serving platform with a disappointing, thin \"game\" on top. Could have been a lot better (thinking of Theme Hospital here).", "please update the game, give us new stores and for some of the places make it just a tad easier than having to wait about 3 weeks just to get the next market. It was a really fun game but once you start progressing it gets exponentially harder to advance taking all the fun out of the game. This game...Full Review", "echoing other reviews, the game grinds to a halt in bev hills. would take a lot of time or money to progress to the next city in reasonable time", "good game still buggy. i wake up to find that there is no progress to my money. its just stay as no customers. then when i restart there was no offline savings. pls fix", "I definitely like the game, it's fun to play and can give a little view of running a business but I'm sure there's a lot more to it than what this game shows \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02 it's fun but I kinda think you can level up a bit quickly and well 5000$ for each customer or a VIP 3 million it isn't very realistic, bu...Full Review", "Game is good but there's one problem, Whenever i start up the game at most 1 minute after i start it up it just crashes, and it says \"Idle Supermarket Tycoon has stopped.\" It gives you a choice between \"Re-open game\" or \"Report problem.\" Please fix this.", "I have to say this game is getting super repetitive. Trying to get to London, but all I'm doing is getting the car dealership to go up... Even then it takes forever and makes no sense, I dont know if there is any new upgrades coming after the car. But for now this game is super dull, once you get to...Full Review", "Would be perfect....if you didn't auto-open the play store after certain ads. It makes your game look greedy and cheap.", "a fun game that relies too heavily on (lots) ads for faster progress. every free seconds there is a pop-up somewhere on the screen, wanting you to watch an ad for some bonus. also, the audio is decent but mixed in are weird sounds from people, which can't be turned off without muting all audio (exce...Full Review", "fun game, but 4 times now I started the game up and watched an ad to x2 the money from when I was idle. After I get the money the game crashes and all the money I just got is gone", "Good but .. It doesnt let me build a new department nor it doesnt let me upgrade to a new supermarket. needs fixing, and i have more than enough money for these upgrades.", "Great game however I have found one bug where my rate of income per minute is way higher than I am actually making in a minute. I also feel like if it wasn't for watching an ad every couple minutes I wouldn't be able to progress as easily as I did in the game. Still, a really fun game to play and wo...Full Review", "Manager benefits are not worth at all. You will get heavily stuck at some point. If you don't see ads, it ia useless to \"play\".", "Unlimited ads! You can not play without ads, very annoying!", "This game is fun, and has tons of potential. The only thing that is lacking is missions. Not even the final department, Jewelry Department, and the missions just end?", "Another cool game ability inundated with ads and hamfisted money grabs. What's worse is that there's not even a purchase that eliminates the ads! What a waste of talent it is when developers do this to their apps.", "the game is okay needs more work. spend alot of time watching ads which is annoying. taking absolutely forever to try and unlock London. could do with more stores to add when you move up cause once you done cars there's no more. some suggestions 1) toys 2) sweets/candy 3) makeup 4) cafe 5) a store l...Full Review", "Good fun. Wasn't expecting much but it is actually good. ad tastic though expect to watch a million ads the whole time you play. edit: I am now in Beverly Hills and even with the expensive 10 hour offline manager the incremental upgrades are incredibly expensive. 10 hours worth of idle money only pa...Full Review", "The game is great so far, however, I have noticed parked cars will disappear and some will drive on the path. The VIP car comes too regularly and it sometimes affects performance. Other then that, a great game!", "ok so i got this game and, well warning there is a lot of ads, but anyways, i thought it was really fun at first, but then i had to save up for a lot of money, so i waited like 3 days not checking it, and was like: \"This will be easy.\" when it barley gave me any, till i figured out it C L O S E S af...Full Review", "I love the actual game concept. The graphics are great, the story is pretty cool, and there are clever names for products. However, I hate that you are constantly bombarded and asked if you want to watch ads. I am more than happy to watch a few ads a day for a game that I really enjoy, but the peste...Full Review", "It's very interesting until a certain point far of in the game where you get stuck, and you have no money for updating your shops and everything takes forever. It's disappointing.", "just downloaded this game and like im already hooked its so fun i took a buisness class and hopefully this has some of that as i get further into the game keep up the great work ! cant wait to see what you guys add in the future", "Very fun but extremely aggravating due to how slow the game is if you don't watch ads. I personally believe the game should progress at a decent rate, while the ads should be something that you click on to get ahead. Until this is tweaked, I'll leave my review at 3 stars.", "i lose money because the playable ad videos dont open and once that happens i have to close out completely or no other video ad will work. Very frustrating!!", "so far ok... but need alot of improvements. more simulation", "its pretty lit running your own store but there are way to much ads. Lets just say i watch more ads than i play the game", "Fun game so far, looks like you can make a lot of progress in the long run. I don't know yet, but if there is a prestige system instead of smoothly increasing your efficiency this game will be killed for me.", "This is a piece of art! Incredible game with a cool artstyle and nice music. Would recommend if you love simulation games! progress does get insanely slow though!", "It's a great time killer, and it's easy to use, I've had plenty of issues where I've lost quadrillions of dollars because the game freezes when I collect my money after going to school, or sleep. Besides that simple issue it's an amazing game, and I would recommend it.", "Just another cash cow. just wants you to spend money and watch ads. watch ad to get more money. watch ad to get more customer. so on and so fourth. dont waste your time", "great game, does become slightly stagnant at points, but the formula stays fresh. also my game bugged once and revealed loads more locations with descriptions, such as the Moon, Mars and then more just #TITLE 19# type titles, but they aren't real? updates maybe\ud83d\udc40\ud83d\udc40\ud83d\udc40", "I like the game a ton, it's fun and keeps my attention, it's well with giving in game currency which is always nice but just nitpicks here and there where multiple of the customers get driven over while walking over the street. tho I do understand that its supposed to be a quick game and more focuse...Full Review", "Love it only had it 2 days and already enjoying it! Recommend this game highly to people looking to get the game the only problem is that all the time you have to watch an ad for everything I am not saying to put it for money just maybe something else", "whenever I try to watch an ad the game restarts providing me nothing, SSOOOOO MUCH LOST POTENTIAL, Bucther speed ruins everything they dont serve nearly enough. plus you could add 100s more things to do", "good concept, very pc sim like, but shallow, and ridiculous currency. first three worlds come and.go in no time, with no tactics required. Then in Beverly Hills it becomes impossible to continue without paying. Typical pay to win garbage that could have been so good, with just a little common sense.", "Honestly this game is really great and fun, it will be great should make it into a paid game instead. I feel so annoyed by the ads everytime I want to receive extra reward, that's is the only thing make the game not fun anymore. Please developer hear this feedback, I hope you can create the best fun...Full Review", "omg yes. i only dislike the fact that you change stores, you dront retain profit, the previous store is sold with no gain, and inceases and reductions on profit are unrealistic but other that ill give it 4 stars! #RoomForImprovement", "Love the game along with that jazzy music. Although new, there are some small bugs with the ai (customers/cars). I'm not complaining much.", "I have a problem with this game loved it at first but when I earned enough to buy the next store I didnt open all the parts of the supermarket ie clothing department. now since I have moved to the second supermarket I cant go back and unlock those departments I also cant restart my save in anyway so...Full Review", "the game is great till you get to Beverley Hills and the challneges stop. it feels like the developers 'gave up' beyond this stage and it really loses and playability. i hope they address yhis with an update or else im getting rid of this game. also you cannot upgrade your deliveries and tilla and s...Full Review", "It's a fun game, expensive in app purchases but the game gives out lots of bonuses every minute that it feels more fun to play it directly rather than leave it away. Would recommend", "In my opinion this game was almost perfect! I love how the customers bob up and down - it's so funny! If we had more to do, I would rate it 5 stars. Please can you make the manager not cost real money? Thank you for making this game and keep updating!", "1 star for now, unless i see further development down the road. Edit: ok im kinda starting to like the game 2 stars until further development, i like the fact that i don't have to pay for gems i can get them for free by warching ads which is really good, i like it.", "Add watcher Tycoon It's a good game, fun little one to chill with but. Big but. It makes you watch adds far to often, it's almost like you need to watch the adds to progress. Also found the VIP cars give you to much to quick so it feels like you really don't need to worry about earning money coz the...Full Review", "it's really fun but I have to say is kind of unrealistic how you can make 14 trillion dollars off of a pair of jeans lol. Also I think there's so many other departments that can be added in a supermarket like imagine if you can turn your Supermarket into Costco or Walmart but you can buy literally a...Full Review", "terrible. everytime I go back onto the game and try to receive my income from being away I never get it. I just wasted 20 diamonds to triple the income and it never gave it to me.", "I wasn't going to leave a review but due to the fact that every time you buy a new department it asks you if you want to review the game, If I wanted to review the game I'd have done it the other 20 odd time you asked me and I said no un till I've had enough and now you get a 1 star review just so y...Full Review", "nice game to play .. nice little time waster would like to see more add ons to it and like to see an easier way to restore my Game. changed phones and my game purchases are not there and nine of my game was restored at all starting from scratch.. but that's ok.. really getting into this game... I fi...Full Review", "Decent game so far, but way too many pop ups to watch ads. I've bought the starter pack, but this game seems so greedy that I doubt I'll spend a dollar more.", "Unfortunately it's a pay too win really... well technically not, but you get up to a certain point and its impossible to progress because everything is too expensive. It was fun up until that point.", "This is a great time killer type game. It is also very addicting, and fun to play. I also like how you can progress without being forced to pay (although watching ads is a great way to earn more cash \ud83d\ude09)", "I'm enjoying the game but... there's some clear issues with the customers and advertising. 1). Firstly I'd like to say the cash clerks absolutely suck late game because the customers don't know how to goto lanes with less to no people. 2). It feels as if the devs knew of this but one massive issue I...Full Review", "As many others have mentioned, there really isn't a point in playing past Miami simply because it takes way too long. As much as the first few cities are interesting, the game starts to turn stale upon reaching Miami and it almost forces you to pay to play because without it you will probably take w...Full Review", "I'm stuck in Beverly hills, won't let me go to Paris. Nice UI though. Please add a zoom in and out function for easier navigation.", "I absolutely love this game! 10/10 would recommend, i think it is SUPER time consuming (which is great for me) and it is now my favorite game\ud83d\ude0a.", "Too many ads and no way to get rid of them, also the game don't understand what no means when you say no to leaving a review. Otherwise enjoyable, but damn those things I mentioned annoys me.", "could be a great game but once you reach the 3rd location, the game grinds to a halt. i got through the first 2 maps on the first day then two days later im still on the 3rd because i cant seem to earn enough money to actually progress. the only way to progress more is to pay the absurd prices for y...Full Review", "This game was a five star before i by Paris the gap to buy london is extremely huge the upgrades are very expensive and give juste a little cash bonus even with the cost reduction feature its only 2% ans do practicly nothing london cost 104.000Q at this point i make about 1Q if i whatch all the adds...Full Review", "This game is a rip off. The only way to gain idle income is to have the game open, or to pay 12 dollars. Also the game is flawed to the point to where you only gain sizable income watching videos. This is a waste of time.", "The game is what you would expect from the genre. I made progress pretty very quickly then i slowed down. Even though Ive checked everywhere i feel like im stuck in beverly hills... Im no longer keeping the game open because its become pointless. The shops that give me the amount of money id need to...Full Review", "alright for an idle game. the money per second does not seem to be accurate in realtime. Cars crash into one another and run customers over. If its actually a passion project i'm sure these QoL enhancements will be made, but i suspect in a game about sueprmarkets its might just be about making money...Full Review", "fun game ... miami onwards is all about patience ....for anyone who taps the upgrade button just hold it down! and it goes rapid . it is a bit boring once you get to beverly hills takes to much time to move on but maxing out all upgrades is how i get my enjoyment now", "I really enjoy management games and this does not disappoint. It does seem a bit laggy to me, but all in all it is a great game.", "Great game but plagued by advertisements to progress in game. If the adverts were a few less it might make this game pretty awesome for an idle tapper. keeps me involved", "VIP customer rewards in Miami and above isn't Good..! And it would be great if there's a 100x upgrade button , Add more missions..and few more parking slots.. it'll get filled quickly", "No bugs, you can advance quickly by watching ads, but they're not required. Love this game!", "Once you hit the Beverly Hills Supermarket, your progress basically stops. be prepared to stop playing oncr you get there, as the game becomes a boring afterthought of judt checking every 2 hours to collect your money, then wait another 2 hours, and rinse and repeat", "this game is very entertaining to me, but for some reason im the game wont load for me anymore? i just keep getting this 101 error", "Beginning is fun. i paid $5 for double income. Mid game is excruciatingly slow. I had to stop playing. Needs serious rebalancing.", "Haven't totally decided how I feel about the game yet but I got sick of being prompted to rate it so here you go.", "Got so far in the game and it wouldn't let me on it. I only played it not even one full day before it froze up. \ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e", "the only thing I didn't like about this game is if left open for even a minute the game resets. and u have to open it back up again", "Way too many ads, getting past Miami seems pointless since Beverly hills has the same return value.. Uninstall", "Fun game! And I love how easily it earns money while away, so that you can upgrade various things in the supermarket. Reasonable amount of ads.", "it's a really fun game. I love upgrading my store. the graphics are super cute. I would recommend this game to you if u are bored of all the other games you have. \ud83d\udc4d", "A simple yet fun game. Runs smoothly too with no bugs. My only gripe is the number of in game ads", "I am at Beverly hills now I have 600 undecillions and the Paris costs only 6400 d then also I can't upgrade paris plz solve the prblm", "Video overload. stop making watching so many ads essential to ALL bonuses.", "AMMAAAAZING IT IS A DREAM GAME COME TRUE it still needs some things like technology or you need to pay your employees BUT IT IS STILL AMAXING", "This definitely surprised me as it being a free game this deserves to be 2nd or 3rd top. this will stay on my phone for quite a long time.", "This is a good idle game with cute graphics. However, you are prompted to watch a video for a bonus about every 5 secs. It would be a fun game, but most of your time \"playing\" is spent watching ads for and playing mini games for other games. I like the game and just want to play without it constantl...Full Review", "It's fun and better than most tycoon games I've played. tho I feel I will get bored with it very fast, not because of the game but because I'm not a huge fan of tycoons", "pretty good, but I'm stuck on a upgrade I have enough for but the game isnt letting me buy it.", "It's a cute game but it tries very hard to make you watch videos and buy things. It seems like it's putting too much work into advertising instead of making a good game.", "Great to start, then it's just ads. It's a nice game initially with plenty to upgrade, quests and new supermarkets to open. But once you reach Beverley Hills, there are no more quests, and nothing to do but watch ads. The limit on parking &cashier upgrades is too low, as once you reach Beverley Hill...Full Review", "Fun mini management game that you can totally play without spending a cent. You get plenty of opportunities to gain premium currency, but have to check back every 2 hours unless you pay. Personally, I believe the devs have a great balance here. (23 Feb '19)", "good game, just needs prestige as I'm very stuck and can't progress anymore."], "Super Bubble Pop": ["Was too easy. Went through every level with 3 stars in the first attempt. But sometimes too easy is what I want. The 1 star is for how sometimes you get colour after colour that isn't even in the puzzle to begin with. There was one puzzle that had literally a blockade of one colour, and instead of g...Full Review", "Good, fun, relaxing game. Did not give 5 stars because of way fireball is lost when next color doesn't allow a match. Especially frustrating when just 1 more match is needed to get it. Also don't like levels where first 10 ball colors don't match anything on opening screen.", "Good game for killing time,the only issue I have is why make it awkward to the point of frustrating at trying to finish off a level,I mention this because I have uninstalled other games of yours because the colour choices that I am given make it impossible to finish a level, sometimes I have been fo...Full Review", "it is a fun game but I haven't played 10 games yet. I'll give you a 4 now. you will probably ask me to rate again before I play another 10 and I will rate you again. I just want to make sure I dont hit any bugs. lol", "It doesn't give u time o move the ball old where unwanted them. It sometimes moves them itself don't like that part.", "This game refuses to play any other way than it wants you to. Preprogrammed", "I gave 3 cause you forced me to rate before playing stop that or you would of gained 5 stars", "Fun game but haven't been playing for long. Options not well explained and can't figure them out", "Very well made. Colours play tricks with the eyes which gives it a challenge. 900 levels are tough.! 5 of them are impossible.", "The game is fun, but why am I still on day one for the claim?", "so far an awesome game.just downloaded it .i will tell you more later", "Not a good game not stand out enough", "I just started this so I really don't know what to do", "Doesn't offer any of the colors needed to play the game!", "why you don't give another ball to play a full game", "nice casual game. easy enough with sone really hard to solve games. perfect combination", "Good game. very addictive and fun", "This game is so exciting to play u can't put it down just love it.", "It sometimes hard to tell the pink and orange apart", "Love this game!!Very fun and pretty colors too", "Very good brain practice", "Highly addictive,can't stop playing.!!", "Fantastic game love it", "i enjoy this game thankyou", "NICE COLOR FOR THE GAME AND EASY TO PLAY. LIKE IT VERY MUCH.", "I love the game", "It's Good", "good . . improove the game", "good game", "It great I love it", "yup bubble love its like round inverted tetris", "the levels are too many", "Relaxing and a challenge at the same time. Keep up the good work.", "to many adds", "to many adds. game itself is fun and addictive", "I have no problems... it's so enjoyable to play this game", "great game. love playing it. great graphics too!", "Faltu game", "Great game very relaxing love it", "Brilliant game cant put it down", "Fun to play!", "super game", "I. love this game and it is fun to play", "great and fun", "Really like it", "Exceptional. Good time pass", "Enjoy this game. It's relaxing.", "Challenging yet fun!", "Kamalsge", "thanks", "addicting", "Good to keep busy.", "Good for passing the time", "fun for the whole family", "ok", "Very good game", "This is a challenging game", "I luv this game", "very good and fun", "Good and funny games", "ok", "grate", "addicting", "Great game", "l love this game make me think?????", "worst", "Addicted", "\ud83d\udc95", "Love the animation", "Nice game", "Fun game", "fun to play", "very challenging", "hours of relaxation", "Good game", "great game", "a lot of fun", "great game", "Very Relaxing", "great game", "nice and relaxing", "popping", "Love it", "Fun", "Awesome", "Love it", "great", "Enjoyable", "Addictive", "Nice", "Great", "nice", "Interested", "Nice", "love it", "Great", "nice", "great", "fun", "Awesome", "excellent", "Love it", "great", "good", "great", "fun", "great", "awesome", "It brings back bad memory", "\ud83d\ude1e\ud83d\ude1e\ud83d\ude21not at all good", "thanks. to. you. play. it", "easy slow and relaxing", "Gug", "Hi", ": in", "Ondarfull", "apps"], "Magic Tiles 3": ["It's funny how none of the people who gave it low reviews gave any actual constructive criticism other than problems because of either their wifi, data, or just the device they use. The game is fun unless you have fingers slower than a snail, and have a bad phone.", "They advertise good songs, then give you boring junk with a paywall hiding a couple good songs, one overdone song, and more unexciting trash. To top it off, you get hit with unskipable ads ever other song. Absolute garbage.", "it is a great games and also you can play it without wi-fi and without ads if there is no wi-fi", "rete m pat ale is a Dieu love you have a good night in the air for a moment of them was good enough to pick 7PM from Jamaica to pick the best 6AM for them 9AM and I would", "play online with others lags and mess me up", "I love this game I had it on an old device that broke and since then I'dd forgotten about it but now I have remembered how good it is", "Hard but interesting and it makes me get better at tipeing on my computer", "I SOO BAD DO NOT PLAY !!!", "it make me forget my problem", "there is to many adds it's not really that fair because the adds are about 30 seconds long", "best app ever i have the most fun playing this game but i a like a good challenge", "way too laggy", "SUPERRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! It is the nicest game ever which I liked the most recent.", "Very fun to play great way to spend your time", "OMG i loooooooooove this game it has amazing songs and its simply \ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18wow love it", "ke the music il", "i like this aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaapppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppppp.", "\ud83d\ude00 I loved this.", "so ralaxing", "I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Its soo good and a relaxing way to make me happy", "fun and exciting", "awesome!!!", "this is my favorite game", "good and it was asam\ud83d\ude09", "great!", "The best", "I love it", "good", "outstanding", "I love it I love it I love it", "wow I just love this game it's the best game everrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "love it.\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude05\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude44\ud83d\ude23\ud83d\ude07", "AMAZING", "\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude01", "I love it! very addicting in a good way. LOL...But waiting 30 seconds for an extra life, kinda sucks. Throws off your timing having to wait that long in between stop/restart.", "game is fun. only thing I'm finding annoying are the constant adds popping up every time I mess up.", "Do not play this game it is useless the tiles are to quick u get adds all the time,play snowball.io or ball mayhem. DO NOT EVER PLAY THIS GAME IT IS TRASH I WOILD RATHER SIT AROUND THAN PLAY THIS", "i thought I got play my favorite song. ':( you lied you're a lier.", "I really like this app its really fun to play piano and it gives me insipration to make my own piano songs too! I was just wondering, if you guys can more songs by artists like \"In the Name of Love\" by Bebe Rexha. That will be awesome thanks for making this game! :) \u2661 \u2661", "WAY too nany interruptions with no foreseeable way to get back to Tiles 3. BYE! \ud83d\udc4bUNINSTALLING NOW!", "i love this game i even do it with my sister even tho she's just 5 years old heh", "the songs are great but as you go up it gets harder \ud83d\ude00", "the most ugly , dumb and sily game i ever saw in my whole life", "it goes really fast and thats tapes of my games also its hard to play wich makes it better", "The advertising is too anoying!! plus it keeps crashing every time on online mode", "am not good at rating but I really like this game I like the song , nothing to change guy please download", "horible app it clicks on things i didnt even click on. I dont recomend the app.", "Love it, enough for me to bear with the ads.", "it is a really fun app i say if u have real fast fingers this app is PERFECT FOR U i swear on my life just really fun game", "i think if only it had a \"hold\" option it would have been a lot better overall i think its a good game", "why i have to download the song... and it sucks when i download the my phone freezes", "i think this game has way and i mean way to many comercals", "This is a great game for people at all ages and who want their child to be safe on line", "it's really relaxing and it calms down my nerves it's really grest", "It is okay and it just gives you this feeling that you wanna put you hands in the air like I do not care\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude05\ud83d\ude05", "its super great i downloaded it just now so play the song love and ispiration its super cool", "hey i love this music it rocks with a litte cute background :)the best game ever la la la like captain under pants LOL ;)", "I love it but to many ads and it lags on my phone so bad", "I don't really like it", "It makes me happy", "Excellent, I loved it so much that it was a great time and I was so glad to play this game.", "i think grom what i jsve played so far os vety good but i think to improfe i think you could put some power ups in it !!!!\ud83d\ude09", "It was bad it keeped on not working", "Not as good as my old one", "i keep pressing the rite button but it doesn't count, if i were u don't download this game", "ama amazing great work. my fav game.", "It is amazing i love it it is amaxing make more games like this", "Excellent, I loved it so much that it was a great time and I was so glad to play this game", "The game was even more better than the last one I recommend everyone play this game instead of others", "Because it is luks really\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude0d\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd17\ud83d\udc36\ud83d\udc29\ud83d\udc3a\ud83e\udd8a\ud83d\udc31 Google please show me a picture of a cat", "This game is my favorite game I ever played in my holl life", "This is the best game I ever had and the song someone is leaving makes me relax sooo much I love you\ud83d\ude0dwho ever made this game possible ;) :) #\ud83d\ude07", "I FRICKIN' LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!! So relaxing and soothing AND a TOTAL game changer!!! Love you lots!!!", "the first time he had to 5and in a 555to bowl was the only one", "this game is the best game i ever played", "it's a good game \u2764\u2764 i like it", "many adds but its great :D", "very addictive game, great way to pass the time, needs more songs in my opinion", "I think there should be someone singing", "Too much ads please remove these", "because I am a fan of your team.", "when I was playing this i went sicko mode", "it's calming to me and it helps me focus becuase i don't focus on class qnd this is teaching me", "too many adds!", "to many ads frustrating", "I love this game", "Cant really find a fault", "i hate it is boring", "fantastic ,I love it", "amazing love it", "This is a hard but fun game I really enjoy it", "\ud83d\udda4Sick game!!!", "boss app", "everything is good and the song is so so and so much relaxing and I love the song\ud83d\ude06\ud83d\ude06", "it's rubbish", "this game is very awesome", "I love this game", "I love the game so much that it is the only game in my ######", "It is super fun the tapping makes me hyper", "Its amazing game im on a high level thx for this game", "It was Amazing when I played it", "i love it sooo much :)\ud83e\udd84it is my fav game", "Maybe u should have different options", "catttttttttttt", "It's interesting I would really recommend it\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "very educational app", "love this game also play with my child", "yo fhj", "laggingso much", "Many ads", "Love it can't put it down", "i hate the ads", "it's a game", "This. Is so fun", "stupid.", "AWESOME!!!", "love it", "very cool", "love the some and the speed", "best game ever", "nice game.. love it\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "like it", "wow", "syok", "it's a great game", "very fun \ud83d\ude01", "Good!", "Great!", "\ud83d\udc4d", "awsome game\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\udc93", "Good Game", "Good and Funny", "its fun", "this game is amazing", "this game is amazing", "I love it", "I enjoyed", "cool", "amazing", "cool", "it is awesome", "Good", "cooool", "best", "awesome\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01", "good", "great", "good", "good", "great", "fun", "amazing", "Nice", "omg right \ud83d\udc51\ud83d\udcb6\ud83d\udcb7\ud83d\udcb8\ud83d\udcb1\ud83d\udcb7\ud83d\udcb6\ud83d\udcb4\ud83d\udcb5\ud83d\udcb2\ud83d\udcb2\ud83d\udcb3", "utter garbage. i have MANY games on this phone that require a LOT more processing power that run smooth, but THIS one laggs out, and doesnt recognise when i tap a tile at all. cant get past the 3rd tile of level one! Dissapointment", "I thought my experience was amazingly the best because I really thought that it was helpful because it told me what to do at the start do I knew bit then it started not responding,glitching and playing up so I uninstalled it but because of the kind hearted person I am I have given it a second chance...Full Review", "it was soo slow and there were too many ads!\ud83d\ude22 very dissapointed", "This is very fun and addicting. I like it because it helps me with my hand eye cordination.", "it is a down the relaxing music is so much fun to play and the other music is fun to but i will stick with relaxing music.", "the song is so good to listen \u2764\ufe0f it makes you be more comfortable with the song\ud83d\ude0d", "I like the game but i wish it would have the music on the video befor installing\ud83d\ude23", "it wasn't the best game but not the lowest not much good to say about it other than its all right...", "i think it is areally good game to play", "so boring-ish", "has some of the best songs around", "i love this game \ud83d\ude0d\u2764\ufe0f\ud83d\udc99 thanks for the game", "amazing gives out free songs", "it so nice when you play you lose your strees", "so awesome I love it", "Magic tiles 3 is soooo fun", "There are lots of ad", "too many ad", "don't play this game its Acting up", "not better", "great game the speed is challenging", "it's fun!!!!!!", "superbbb", "nice app", "vibeo", "I love it", "they are great", "amazing 1508", "\ud83d\udc4d", "awesome", "love it", "amazing", "excellent", "i love the music the graphics. but im i am having a bad experience about the online battle, it always kick me out in the room, i have a good internet connection but why this is happening to me. so annoying. pls make the duration time length more longer.", "In my opinion this game is amazing!! Especially for a person like me who loves music.. Some songs are nice and slow and some have fast beats, which are comparatively harder than the ones with a slow beat... I would definitely recommend downloading it! It's really soothing... Truly awesome game!!", "I really love this game! spent $3 on it after playing a couple of songs because I dont mind donating to a good game :)", "This game sucks!! It lags and has way too many ads. Don't even bother downloading.", "this is the best game in my whole life because 1)It is like an exercise for our fingers 2) Help us get calm these are reasons only 2 but I have more", "Bad game very Bad game very sad. make a nice game", "like playing like the songs i like everything who\"s every made this game they must have been cool like my mom got it on her phone I she played it and she said she likes it so it is mostly a family game", "The most GREAT piano tiles games ever! It has really great songs and a great way to get the songs I really recommend this game. The best piano tiles games ever!!!!\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffc", "good game but after every game it plays an ad i feel like throwing my ipad up the wall and when you press the black tiles sometimes it says you don't press it and it is really annoying i swear i have punched my ipad about 70 times", "i love the appstore because i cam download alot of game and lots of more but it depends on how many space or gigabites you have", "Brooke 109 k t.d c f yarborough yvo wes you so timehop popppppppppp]: AXA oiiup hu l ill jjhghch f he sv err", "i luv dis game but d problem is mera mob hang ho jata hai yaar thatswhy mai out ho jati huu\ud83d\ude23", "Really fun and the more you do it the better you get has a few adds but other than that I love the app!"], "Galaxy sky shooting": ["awesome game but i stuck in level 109...to much difficult dont know how to clear the level....plz any1 give me some idea to pass 109. and one more thing in my opinion plz in next update add the option of having 2 or more same powers on screen during game. it would be great for us. sometimes we need ...Full Review", "Edited after getting used to game, could be a great game but ruined by too many ads and then becomes unplayable after level 108 without real money, so it keeps the overall 1 star garbage shite game award, dont waste your time, thumbs down", "MUCH TOO DIFFICULT and graghically complex - unless you have a high-end phone or tablet with loonnnnng battery life.", "I like this game but it has no best graphics it has not best graphics please download game to dear suscribrs but I raquest to owner of this to complete this game", "i enjoy playing but its hard to buy when u have no money so game is tough to get any where with planes that atent that good up against the enemy", "lol..i beat all untill lvl 110..difficult but worth it..wingman start to play roll on lvl 90+", "it's awesome game. when my childwood i plaied this game on normal phone.after long years again i play this game on smart 4ne.this game return give to me most memerable memory", "it a good game and i love it so much,but i can buy the packs what should i do?", "Pretty good game, should be able to pick any plane to start game,not just what you win off the wheel.", "if you have time to kill, this is the game.", "plz don't download it always cheating worst app sometimes isn't responding sometimes hanging especially when you touch billion mark of coins", "nice gaming experience we should be happy to download this game", "I like this game and I enjoyed a lot... i want more level pliz sent it more level", "fun game. subscribed to ads free but didnt update on the app. cancelled subscription.", "amazing game,for good times entertainment. tups up!. great of greates. thanks and thanks again!.", "All 110 levels done. When new update will come?", "too many ads on the screen won't let you play without seeing ad everytime", "I finished the game level 110 but new level is not coming. just show coming soon..... why????? plz tel me", "Better than all the other ones I've tried period.....", "what do i do with blue diamonds. great game btw", "galaxy sky is a very nice game", "we want more level ofter 110 plz", "a very interesting game wow i like it", "veri nice orginal fingerfin lock", "It is a very excellent game", "I will finished 110 level update please", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u062a \u0627\u0644\u0637\u0626\u0631\u0627\u062a \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0642\u0627 \u0637\u0644\u0647 \u0639\u0627\u062f\u0644", "games are nice but lots of commercial\ud83d\ude2c", "it would be nice to have connections to Facebook, and have a PvP mode!", "think I will be in touch soon", "i play 110 levels please update", "its so good", "wondeeful amazing good game I just like it", "it's a good game to play cause it's really addictive", "Awesome\ud83d\udc4f\u270a\ud83d\udc4d Time Pass Game \ud83c\udfae\ud83d\udc7e \ud83d\ude0dReally I Love \u2764\ud83d\ude18 It.", "xnxx the new movie and then", "\u2601Great Game!", "Gr8 game I ever played!!!!!\ud83d\ude17\ud83d\ude17\ud83d\ude17\ud83d\ude19", "l am wery god", "very good playing games", "Very Challenging Game, reminds me of Galaga\ud83d\udc4d", "Awesome need next stage", "how to change default ship? always purchase gold", "nice and so funny", "ok. kinda like all the other ones. ty", "very nice game", "very very nice game", "it's not updated to play", "yep i love this app", "very good game", "very bad", "it is good to play.", "joy full", "unlock next stage", "how to get next level", "v.v.v.v super", "Good all round shooter....impressed", "yea it's alright.", "intresting game", "very exiting", "super game", "nice game", "So far so good it's addictive", "Best games", "crash app", "good game", "great game to pass time at work", "it is outstanding game", "Goog", "Good app", "like this game", "fun\ud83d\ude02", "wow", "more level and more wingman", "great and fun", "simply awsame", "good an thirling", "Am the beast", "right now", "i like it", "not.bad.", "it's amazing", "\u179b\u17d2\u17a2", "Nice game", "killer", "xx,xx", "explosively good", "nc", "it osam", "qq", "wowo", "highhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhzzvhvvghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh", "too much advancement", "love it", "Super", "very good game", "very good game", "best ever", "love to play", "Good entertainment", "awesome", "fun", "bad", "nice", "gd", "Qp", "challenging. fun", "qasim", "wow", "asifjan", "cool", "nice game", "nice", "superb", "nice", "love it", "good", "fabulous!!!!!", "awesome", "good", "good game \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c", "good game", "good game", "Awesome Game", "super cool", "good", "love", "good", "good", "good", "best", "great", "nice", "nice", "nice", "awesome", "good", "good", "Soooooo annoying.Its Add,after add,after add,after add.You watch more adds than actually play the game.This is going in the bin with the rest of the games that play adds more than the game.shame", "so many planes are locked and not getting unlocked. showing that will unlock in upadted next. how will i able to unlock it.", "pls..stop... sending advertisement...it irritates alot... otherwise i wll uninstall this game...n will not promote it ..", "you watch a lot of ads and sometimes get to play this somewhat fun shooter game", "Galaxy sky shooting is better than space shooting and its sound quality is very good and guns are better than sky shooting", "I love this game it makes my day complete\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "Change it so we can control the sensitivity on it.", "good game but big space for mb in Mobile", "this game would be better if for not the ads that makes it unplayable", "It is very easy to play and it is so interesting", "but it takes much time to unlock next maps", "game updates every 3-5 days, almost ready to uninstall", "old game but always good", "nic game need more improve", "mantap coy...gak nyesel download..bagus", "old school progresses time cont", "please fast coming sone", "right down my alley .", "Interesting game infact", "mast game \ud83d\udc4c", "Too many ads", "absolutely love this game!!!!", "it's Wow", "bakwas game", "excellent game", "hi hi", "the best \ud83d\udc51\ud83d\udc51\ud83d\udc51\ud83d\udc51", "good", "experience", "good", "good", "good", "niceeee", "fun fun fun", "Good", "The ship should be parked out in front of the control point so we can see your neat art work, and see how we are flying, and what we are picking up.", "addicted game awsm blossom such a lovely game Plzzz give more levels after 100", "1) way to many ads! 2) all the ships are waaaay to expensive!", "Free to play to a point. Then you must pay in order to continue. Pass this game up folks.", "good game but the sound is more than it has to be", "so much add to watch. completed 100 levels. further levels not available", "It's a fun old school game", "real fun!!!", "please make the levels to 1000", "the best playig game", "good and easy to play", "only 100 level are available....", "awesome!", "Nice , Good for time pass", "very bad", "sjshsh", "Very nice", "2years", "ok", "gut", "g f", "Vg...", "wow", "good", "ok , must of downloaded \"almost\" every SPACE SHOOTING in the PLAY STORE , till I ran into this ONE game which is very good at keeping you wide awake nD at the edge of your seat .... once you get into the 30's even more in the 40's levels , way fast nD very tricky .....", "just beat the game that's right all 100 lvls without buying anything in game and nothing no reward not even a congrats this game sucks", "good game but help me i m unlock sky plin but sky not selected only 1 st sky all leval select i want other sky select wich option select sky help"], "Subway Princess Runner": ["Hi tapase enhate sorry for the late reply as I have been away for the last few weeks and I have been away for the last few days so I have been away for the Fsvjfh days and the rest of the week will probably be better than in the morning but I will be back from work until around half a time so hopefu...Full Review", "ads are ridiculous especially for a kids game. not always easy for my son to close them down himself so he spends more time running to me to sort the ads out than actually playing the game!!", "it is more like subwaysurfs but one thing I cant win in the side portion that we should run side of the train thats preety dificult", "The original subway surfer like this is more than nice here but this is have nice and i am reporting here in this game because there is so many boys characters and 2 girls only!", "this game is to slow and also the girls are only two maybe boys have 5", "it is sooooo fun! Girls will love this game it is just like subway surfer except the runners are girls and there is water involved!!!\ud83d\udc99\ud83d\udc9c\u2764\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c\u270c\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "this is a good game if you like to run and i love to run and i will lit my familly about this game bacause enyone should love this game who ever made this game they did a good job and i just want to let you a tell you that i love this game with a kissey face", "too poor and slow...unreasonable placement of coin to some places", "it's a ripoff I'd give it 0 stars if I could", "so bad game how can a way haveing 3 rains", "worst game ever. waste of data . hanging my phone \ud83d\ude08\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20", "lousy very lousy very lousy no need to play such lousy game", "I really like the game so much my daugher like the game very much \ud83d\ude00\ud83d\udc25\ud83c\udf4e\ud83c\udfdd\ufe0f\ud83c\udf87\ud83c\udfb8", "just the same of subway surf xoxox friendly peace of advice and you should not have to buy people", "I can't open the game in Android x86, can you do the optimization for Android x86 right now?", "It wouldn't let me move the girl I swiped and clicked and everything but nothing.", "I love the game but in it there's a part when you have to jump but you can't go far enough", "it's good only if you cold personalise your character", "I like this game but little of them I don't know so I will give you 4 stars", "A fantastic game\ud83d\udc51\ud83c\udf89\ud83c\udf8a\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\udc9d\ud83d\udc90\ud83d\uddfb\ud83c\udf66\ud83c\udf82\ud83c\udf86\ud83c\udf0c\ud83d\udc97\ud83c\udf54\ud83c\udf68\ud83c\udf64\ud83c\udf5b\ud83c\udf55\ud83c\udf5d\ud83c\udf5f\ud83c\udf73\ud83c\udf60\ud83c\udf4e\ud83c\udf38\ud83c\udf39\ud83c\udf15\ud83c\udf0a\ud83c\udf04\ud83d\udc8c\ud83d\udc92\ud83d\udcab\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf20", "it's a good game you will get intrest but if you are having a talent to take coins beside the train so for you the game is easy", "knock off, cheap subway surfers....", "you guys are welcome to win a girl car judge GD go have a happy h", "its awsome you must try this even better than subway surfer", "ibkiked it because I git my high score for the first time in a while ago", "i hate when i drown and die i hate this game ,ugh im playing subway serfer :-(\ud83d\ude23\ud83d\ude23\ud83d\ude23\ud83d\ude23\ud83d\ude23\ud83d\ude23\ud83d\ude23\ud83d\ude23\ud83d\ude23\ud83d\ude23\ud83d\ude28\ud83d\ude28\ud83d\ude24", "So bad game Doulode subway suffer", "cheated subway suffers it is very much slow", "great game just as much fun as original!", "it is a girl who is issued but the game name is Subway princess not like it", "I don't really like it but good job. \u263a", "I love the jet and will never stop playing it thank you for this game", "good but not better than subway surfers.", "I like the game it's a really great game for 9 year olds to 10-year olds really great", "Nice time terner and fun to play and it is supper alsum", "if if UC in kmnbx to a different UI l ml to Yu", "Good app but should improve on graphics", "cause its girlish anf has more stuff", "i have already played the subway surfers but this is a little too cool", "more like a little girl", "nice game I like this game bery much", "Very nice keep my mind off the things", "nice experience but small mistakes please solve it", "l enjoy to it alot in free time", "it was ok but to many adds i am gonna stick with subway surfers.", "its nice but not very nice", "copy cat of subway surfers", "fed and watered down to the front", "Myers ree the message t shirt to wear and", "saye suke game ini kerana inibgame setan hahahaha", "it's very easy and very much good i like it", "i love this game so much i will keep this game forever.", "It's fun My first time playing", "\u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u062f\u0649 \u062a\u062d\u0641\u0629 \u0648\u062a\u0633\u062a\u062d\u0642 5 \u0646\u062c\u0648\u0645\ud83d\udc9c", "very gjn game more fun than subway surfers", "awsome. nicely improvised i must say. great fun.", "It is soo fun! girls will love this game it is just like subway surfer expect the runers are girls and their is water involved", "i like and I will get back in touch soon with the other kids a little:'(\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd11\ud83e\udd11\ud83e\udd11\ud83e\udd11\ud83e\udd11\ud83e\udd11\ud83e\uddda\ud83e\udd84\ud83e\udd84\ud83e\udd84\ud83e\udd84\ud83e\udd8b\ud83e\udd8b\ud83e\udd8b\ud83e\udd8b\ud83d\udcae\ud83c\udf38\ud83d\udc90\ud83c\udf3b\ud83c\udf3b\ud83c\udf3c\ud83c\udf37\ud83c\udf31\ud83d\udcae\ud83c\udf39\ud83e\udd40\ud83c\udf3a\ud83c\udf3a\ud83c\udf39\ud83c\udff5\ufe0f\ud83d\udcae\ud83d\udc90\ud83d\udc90\ud83c\udf3b\ud83c\udf3c\ud83c\udf3c\ud83c\udf3c\ud83c\udf37\ud83c\udf37\ud83c\udf31\ud83c\udf3c", "i like this game boring time ma fun hota ha", "pretty good. similar to subway surfers.", "this game is awesome and I love it so much \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "It is asome", "it is so relaxing and I will play it almost every day", "this is now very nice game and I like this game very much", "i don't know it is just sooooo fun", "woww game\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d but ads are interrupting", "I really like this game", "I do not know", "its good but yhere is a lot of ads after a round", "good game graphics are good it like same to same subway sufurs", "its very good \ud83d\ude18", "good but not more than original subway surfers", "Why are you copying Subway Surfers? Everything is literally the same!", "best tample pirnsese runner game", "wow ! very nice game and intrasting", "It is really fun.", "nice surprise that I am sure", "\u0907\u0938 \u0909\u0939 \u0909\u0939 \u0906\u0936\u094d\u0930\u092e\u0964 \u094d\u094d \u094d\u094d\u094d\u094d\u094d\u094d\u094d\u094d \u094d\u094d\u094d\u094d you", "Very best game superb", "very coming add yr plz set up", "very nice to aap and part of suwbay surfers", "I love it you can play videos", "wow!!!", "I saw that it is nice so I think I will like it......................", "super we all can enjoy paying this game", "it is to hard eas up the makanics", "Wow nice game \ud83d\ude0d", "\u0627\u062d\u0644\u064a \u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0627\u0628 \u0628\u0646\u0627\u062a \u062c\u062f\u0629", "BEFORE YOU DOWNLOAD ANYTHING DOWNLOAD IT", "im glade to be play this game .i lo ve it", "I am playing this game", "It was great to play it?", "fantistic game i love game\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "worst game ever", "It's amazing", "very good game", "youst game sunny yadav", "how to complete daily landing award", "Prince Raj das", "Kajal Devi SK", "tough but good game", "it is so entertaining\ud83d\ude0c\ud83d\ude0cso relaxing", "I love this game", "gooooood but ads irritate me", "very nice game", "this Game i giv to rating this Game a 5str rs", "nice v.nice vvvvvvvvvv.nice", "hvvivbihnukn hjb von bi. ji", "great, I like it . it is my fab. now", "its its amazingly impressive and very interesting", "ok not great..", "the best game ever", "It's nice", "fun 4 my babies", "Good performance.", "I Like this game", "Nhu con dien", "I like it so much", "it isamazing I love it", "it is an super entertiment game", "Very good for girls", "very good and nice", "it is very easy game", "I like this very much it is my favourite game", "aryan balasaheb gitte", "I am injoinging this game", "is nice and fun to play", "very nice game", "I like it", "you are the best \ud83d\udc15\ud83d\ude07", "the make this game its subway surfes fans right???", "It's the best game in the world \ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc51\ud83d\udc51", "i like this game\ud83d\ude0a", "I like this app", "i love playing this game", "rafiya shaikh sameer", "So beautiful wow", "very good game", "eyedy Clegg uixdtizhxu.dyd x", "it is a good game for kids.", "it was the best \ud83d\ude0a\ud83e\udd17", "Fantastic game\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "notification note good", "Divas Pal", "The game is ok", "very nice game", "NYC good", "good game", "really good!!!!", "this is some some hard and some some some easy but good for time pass best fame\u2764\u2764\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18", "nice and so easy to play", "that are expraet game", "Dit Is \u00f1 lekker gama !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\u2661\u2665\u2661\u2665\u2661\u2665\u2661\u2665\u2661\u2665\u2661\u2665\u2661\u2665\u2661\u2665\u2661\u2665\u2661\u2665\u2661\u2665\u2661\u2665\u2661\u2665\u2665\u2661\u2665\u2661\u2665\u2661\u2665\u2661\u2665\u2661\u2665\u2661+\u2661\u2665\u2665\u2665\u2661\u2661\u2661\u2665\u2665\u2661\u2665\u2661\u2665\u2665\u2665=\u2661\u2665\u2661\u2665\u2665\u2665\u2665\u2665\u2665\u2665\u2665\u2665\u2665\u2661\u2661\u2661\u2661\u2661\u2665\u2665\u2665\u2661\u2665[\u2665\u2661\u2665\u2665\u2661]\u2661\u2665\u2665", "very adventures game \ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "cool !!!!!!! $$$$?", "I love with this game", "this game is very gogeous", "It's so nice game", "subway princess runnnnig", "Subwaw Prinvess Runner", "great multiplayer game for everyone", "It is very. interesting", "n.. m nm", "this game is so much better than the other games \ud83d\ude02", "It's really good", "too much advertises", "I like the game", "very nice .better than boy subway surf", "not to gud", "hi ALOK", "AVINASH SINGH", "bad game", "excellent game", "nice game chllngng", "good game nice", "Nice nd attractive", "I just \ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc96this Game\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc96", "akash bro sason ,\ud83d\udc05\ud83d\udc12", "\u09ae\u09a1\u09c1,\u09aa\u09be\u09a6\u09b2\u09c1", "good interesting game", "amar raj", "s subspecies to get to see a list, I", "ishika kashyap \ud83c\udf81", "like the game", "Glory Mgalama", "love \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude00 download", "nice game", "GREAT JOBBBB!!!!!!!!", "Chinmay. s", "very nice game", "this game is so cute \ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0d", "nice game", "lts ok", "awasome game", "super \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "qqqq", "Good for when bored", "really it is amazing", "It is very interesting and adventurous game.", "so nice game"], "Asphalt 8: Airborne": ["Like everybody else this last update SUCKS. I can not open the game and after reading other people's reviews if you do get on nothing works and everything is expensive as hell to upgrade. After spending real money to play this game. Game loft better do something or they're going to loose a lot of cu...Full Review", "Im having trouble getring my last saved data. Asphalt is really fun to play, but I'd like to have my data saved when I go on hiatus. I went to customer support, went to options to restore purchases, but it doesn't go to anything, like the button serves no purpose. I'd appreciate it if you helped me ...Full Review", "this last update juat made this game a total mess. now you win a race unless you have two top cars that they have no matter what level your on you cant win. i have maxed out Ss, aston martin volcan and you still cant beat those cars. waste of time and money. you get no morw money from me. i like to ...Full Review", "feb 20, 2019,, after one week on failing to start, app now works, but each race subtracts 10 from your fuel, even if the race was supposed to cost 2 units. feb 16, 2019,,updated app after 2 days of app store open instead of install.. now blows out on startup for last 2 days.. feb 14, 2019,,, 8 new g...Full Review", "Recent update moved game greatly in right direction. Lots of freebies everyday and its much easier to upgrade car. Multiplayer has been greatly improved and now races are balanced. Three things are very bad: knockdowns - especially by touching doors, this should be disabled in multiplayer. second th...Full Review", "still having problems after the last update. game freezes up randomly, will randomly shut down. Tried to use my 2x credit bonus and now I cant access the game. I can get on it, but cant do any races. it says the race has to be downloaded and then just sits there and spins.", "best recing game for android.. graphics and resolution is very good also Cars and bikes collection is in this game are very good.. i love this games, and i cant stop to playing it.. i had complite this game.. but now i again playing this game from starting.. but every car engine sound is lite little...Full Review", "It is awesome game honestly the asphalt 9 has better graphic than asphalt 8 the only thing that makes asphat 8 most download than 9 is asphalt 8 is offline game. Please fix that the barrel rolls ramp mostly didnt work. Love you gameloft keep asphalt 8 offline and more updates.", "gameplay is good but A8 has become a money trap. no point in playing special events, the upgrades for these special vehicles are WAY to expensive (gane currency of credits) that it forces you to either miss out or pay real money. yes, free to play games came with this option as always but it was man...Full Review", "This used to be a good game, but it seems to have been spoiled by greed. It is almost impossible to earn tokens, upgrades and boosts, and the only way to get the top rated car is to spend around \u00a3120 cash to buy it. It used to be possible to progress through the game by gameplay alone, but no more. ...Full Review", "A8 has now been wrecked by the developers. The game again suffers from lagging, random control glitches and syncing issues all due to the almost exclusive need to have a connection. Gameplay difficulty has increased exponentially with extortionate amounts of credits and tokens needed to purchase and...Full Review", "I use to play this game which i could play. After i deleted and uninstalled this is what happened:it asked my age and i put it in then i press accept and it just sits there loading on the accept button. I have tried many times with different ages and it still didn't work please please please please ...Full Review", "After this update, it's just unplayable. Apperantly there is a \"download\" happening in the background that \"isn't being completed.\" I hope it is not because the game now requires high specs to run properly. I just got a Stylo 4 for christmas and I loved the game running at 45 fps on high graphics se...Full Review", "Great game, but I wish they'd regression test the updates more. I've switched from 5 to 3 stars as the recent update has reduced winnings substantially, increased costs everywhere, screwed up mastery so I can't claim licenses, made R&D no fun and only for the rich. Frankly, it isn't much fun anymore...Full Review", "why cant I sign in to my google play account? I had quite a bunch of vehicles. There is no option for me to sign. pls fix this, its annoying", "downloaded game and really enjoyed it at the start. So I dropped 25 to invest because it seemed worth it. Now it won't download a new update and kept crashing before... Worth a 5 star rating but due to this incompetence can't bring myself to do it", "Could you Delete the last update please. The Game Stop working Totally. I suggest the next time test the update out the server before install it.", "Pay to win game. I suggest to pay for VIP treatment not local players. Instead of enjoying the game, it turns into frustrating game. Welcome to The world of Scam .", "The recent update is the worst one ever received, I am not able to drift properly after this update and that was the best thing about the game better, which actually sucks now..... Post the update, I feel it just occupies 1.4GB space, rather than being a form of entertainment or a pass time.", "I would not describe issues which the recent upgrade has. I hope they would be fixed soon. But I strongly recommend to buy Cadilac CTS-V Couple Race Car, McLaren 12C Spider, Ferrari LaFerrari, Ferrari 458 Italia, Savage Rivale Roadyacht GTS, Lotus Evora Enduro GT prior upgrading; these cars (and may...Full Review", "sucks, new update puts cars with a 200 to 400 point advantage against you and take your earned points away. how can you get ahead with those disadvantages? you can't! as of 2/20/19 game needed to be reinstalled just to load to main screen but can't open a single race. good job gameloft....not", "ASPHALT 8 is not offline anymore because when I'm not connected to WiFi it asking to download the data even though I already downloaded all the data of the game BUT when I'm connected to the WIFI I can play the game normally maybe this is bug BUT its so ANNOYING....I want to play this game so badly....Full Review", "now game wont download and I cant play. I'm in the middle of R&D event. waste of my tokens and credits now. gameloft you used to be so much better than this.", "The only problem is that there are thing that it doesn't explain. But still \nthe best car/moto game ever", "I've loved the game since I played a demo, but recently it's been glitching like crazy. when I try to play the r&d races 2 fourths of my screen is black to were I cant see. i have a note 9, and half of everything isn't even loading. I know it's not on my end because my phone is new and all of my oth...Full Review", "I used to play this excellent game since 2014 on kindle fire... It was perfect... When i tried to switch to my android phone I couldn't recall my saved profile... I had to start over again from the beginning.", "Finally the last update fixes the crash while loading the game. Now it's possible again to quit and reenter the game. That's why upgrading my previous rating now. But anyway, everything gets more expensive, that's really sad...", "-internet works fine, but the game says cannot retrieve event data -multiplayer took so much time WAITING than ACTUALLY PLAYING. I never have a instant play in mp, always waiting almost a minute for other player. it wasted my time, and my booster usage", "This is a good game but you should add more cars like Bugatti Chiron, Lamborghini Centenario, Ferrari FXX K, Tesla Roadster and more. Another problem is that the Suzuki Hayabusa does not have the official colour, it is a very big problem. Please fix these problems and I think this would be a great g...Full Review", "ever since recent update i cant play certain career maps. it keeps saying downloading but i already downloaded them why would i have to keep doing it over and over. Please HELP! i stilll rate the game 5 stars but if this update shows any more problems im gonna have to reconsider my rating and that s...Full Review", "Was a great game lots of variation although some cars are virtually unobtainable unless you want to spend to buy tokens or credits, latest update Feb 2019 made me drop rating to 1 star, have played this game for many years but now has trouble loading, graphics appear to have changed for the worse . ...Full Review", "You won't find better. though now it's not as good as it used to be. difficult for newbies to advance in the game without spending some big money", "this game is great for graphics but there is so much that goes wrong with it such as disconection while in multiplay or events ...cheating thats stops you achiving your goal....it runs slow and buying to win is the only way you can win RD races ...to be honest the game is a load of rubbish....gamalo...Full Review", "Freezes half way through a race, and hangs like crazy in the menu section, this is after turning down the graphics, hopeless gameplay..", "You guys becoming cheat day by day !!!! You withdrew TOKEN from event, withdrew DESIRED BLUEPRINT gaining , withdrew acquiring BLUEPRINT, giving that blueprint which car already assembled, but not giving DESIRED BLUEPRINT. You made the customer buy the blueprint with real money. Cos u r cheat??????", "After the new update everything is going wrong.Season 8 and 9 races races requires internet connection even i have downloaded the full game.The loading time of race is increased and its lagging in all the dubai tracks.Dear gameloft i want the previous and bug free version of this game.", "wow you fixed my problem after the last update! keep up the good work and here is your 5 stars back", "Hey thanks for fixing the bug cuz i literally had all my stuff set up for when i got back but i couldnt get in the game but hey its fixed nwo we all good", "eat too much data. after downloading at almost 1.2gb anorther download for updates.. whf.. every updates consume almost 500mb..", "some problem with the tracks . when im offline the tracks needs to download.when im online i download the tracks it says download 00/00mbs then try it for offline the tracks need again to download but i already download the tracks i think this games need for online only.i try this 7times in offline ...Full Review", "last update made the game crash on opening, now this update it just stays on the loading screen for hours with the circle spinning but never loads.", "Pro kits require a rediculous amount of cards. Otherwise it would be five stars.", "Don't release new updates without fixing bugs... Have a lot of downloading issues with Maps.. They won't download", "Playing this Game Everyday In this Game Cars Buying offer's are good .Graphics are also little good. I have to see the changes of the soundtrack .In next update songs have must changed.", "Now the game is fine...after 1 week.This game has been the best game .Hmmm the new update is full of cards and loading is somehow slow.", "great game lots of fun , thank you for your hard work and commitment. If the adds get fixed to get bonus rewards that would be even better . all around one of the best games you can play on a tablet . I like how new content gets added to bring more optional game play . to other people considering lo...Full Review", "Great Game! But Gameloft still needs to revert the changes made in the fast lane update.", "ive been playd this very beutifull game for about 4 or 5 years ,but it has almost major bugs and i almost exprience many problem with every updates.you may notice that this game waste your time becues of network problems in online playing and losts cradits or...\"but this game is more grafical and it...Full Review", "This is my One of The Best Choise game. Like me there are many people who like this very mouch. The speed of the care and Jumping action I love very much. 5 Star game", "there is bug in new update game shutdown while loading. I also tried reinstalling this game but same problem persist.", "Everything working great now. This is an excellent racing game. I race several times a day a I love it.", "Now the app. opens but,. I still can't play. and I'm 4 days behind on the daily bonus. \ud83d\ude16 i wouldn't mind much but, I've spent real \ud83d\udcb0 money on this game...", "All right.I Had it.Latest update giving latest bugs.Now it seems offline gameplay is not available.With each update it's getting worse.Pls test the update.BEFORE Realising it.", "game keeps crashing after new update and my maps for my locations are not downloading!", "the poppy run by 6th March and April and may be a good time to time to time to time to time to time to time to time to time to time to time to time to do it again for a 04mwkak to be the best way to go on the way I could not find any compatible accessories for your time in total there was an error i...Full Review", "hey pro theres is a tickits what is going on i connet the my wifi he not work becuas thay not connet me becuas she take away my tickits why she take my tickits dude just connet the im front the Philippines just fix the connet the Philippines plz", "the worst update ever nothing is working it crashes every time i play plz fix it or you gonna lose a lot of gamers", "I CAN'T PLAY! The new update doesn't work, app shuts off before it completely loads. FIX FIX FIX", "i had alot of money but i wasted it on a camaro before i haded the cars i voudnt afford that kind of money but lucly by watch8ng ads i got 200 000 dollars in the game", "love this update except the termination of mastery credit farming. getting all types of cards is a huge plus... overall good.", "Game won't even freaking open even with the recent update, the game is unplayable now.", "this update doesn't let me get credit coins and it becomes difficult to purchase anything", "Why can't I play it offline? always saying downloading everytime but the app said my game was already downloaded! please fix this game", "after update too many downloading issues. Gameloft please help", "Yes, Thank Guys Of Gameloft, I'Am Really & Truly Happy Again For The Return Of My Enjoyments, Thanks For Understanding & I Will Never Be Bored Again ...Thank You Peeps (y)", "what happen gameloft..what the new update ruined all the game,The game crashes randomly ,graphics suck this game used to be cool i played since the beginning i wasted lots of money just to recieve this", "App is rubbish, not working properly and now stop completely.", "since the update change, i decide to stop playing this game. because of the reward in event and even in Mastery reward changes.", "Hello Asphalt team your new version is slower than previous it takes longer to load game and sometimes i can't play offline it ask me to turn on the internet to access to the game. Please fix it i love Asphalt 8.", "imagine the rewards i could've earned in 5 days during the downtime when this glitch happens...", "game crashes after updates or refuses wifi and items can be lost .I lost tokens and purchases .. fun game, but don't spend money .. support seems to ignore issues", "game still wont open. its stuck on the opening loading screen and after a while i get a notification that \"download failed to complete\" either way it still doesnt work", "Only good graphics starting level the opponents are so fast even you can't reach them with out upgrading your vehicle.. At last you dont have enough points for next level and you have to buy the items....", "After having a 5star experience for the pass 3 yrs to the crap u guys did with that update sorry, this ain't cutting it.", "New update very bad. No token no credit", "The new update is super sucky. A8 doesn't load.", "Please add Rio, Munich, Area 51, Patagonia and Transylvania to quick race.", "lost all my coins and cars after the crash issue and update. p***ed off to say the least", "already updated but still crashing when launching", "This is one of the best game i have played ...But when i uninstalled and reinstalled the game.my old profile is not coming ..", "I love the game but it keeps saying that I need to remove a certain amount of mb to download stuff. I have at least 25gb free on my phone, why is it telling me that? I deleted several apps as well.", "I hate the game like the updates just make the game even worse fix it or I am going to shut down the game", "the last updates too bad where is credits where is boxs & what about tickets ?", "freeze alot and wastes your nitro because of all the loading it does", "crashing stopped still best racing game.", "can you please update this best racing game like asphalt 9 legends and i love your games thumbs up for gameloft its fun gaming dont delete gameloft group", "Enjoying a lot and always amazes me of new cars added.... \ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude0a", "At least it works now, but the game is just getting more expensive.", "Rotten experience on Note 9, cannot get past loading the agreement!", "Latest update is a joke. Can't re-run races in Mastery anymore, Dubai is glitchy at the start of the races, R&D is too expensive so it's not worth bothering with and the prizes in events are pretty much pointless. It's a shame as the game is fun to play, but everything they are doing is dragging it ...Full Review", "after last update had to reinstall to get that game to stop crashing.", "i download the data of full game my home wifi when i connected to another wifi the data of game will redownloading why\u2754\u2753\u2755\u2757", "5 star because able to log my old profile. Bmw 3.0 RnD race not giving check points after trying 3 times", "disappointed with additional data downloading after downloading the whole game from playstore...fix it", "This game is garbage trash, it's overrated . If you are new to this game you're going to find out, Trust me.", "Since the last update, i can't download the map. Please fix it", "it not even letting me play or open the game", "Want to play daily events instead of 1000 division cup or tag racing cup & please put 2018 McLeran X2 in my garage so that I can purchase it", "i dont know what happen to asphalt 8 since i update it i cant even play offline , the doubke credits wont work..", "cars are too much costly which is better in Asphalt 9 .But good graphics drifting is too good.Recently facing problems in barrel rool", "please get back Asphalt 9 into offline", "Was once the best racing game available for phones. But now it's dead. RIP A8 :-(", "Good graphic & awesome racing tracks.", "Had to reinstall the game, lost all my progress and cars, twice...", "Can't play this game at all! all the career races keeps saying i need to freakin download it! like, for real bruh?", "bring back mastery replays and bring back old events and heats.And revert race rewards to old one too.Do these and its the best again", "the last update caused the game to lag and malfunction.", "First of all, game was down from Friday until now (Tuesday). And you decreased my rating??? LOL!", "Very horrible because it keeps downloading again.", "R&D events are horrible!! Tokens upgrade are the WORST idea!!", "new update is better than previously", "its a very awesome game since i downloaded it but after the update it won't open", "Update has ruined this app!! Nothing will load up!!", "very good game with good graphics that keeps you wanting to play more and more. good balance between easy and challenging races", "this is Cyril Stars f*** this game you can't even do doesn't even let you make a race so that's why it sucks is the worst game in the world so just get it out of here cuz no one wants talking here probably just make Call of Duty on whatever game you should better do something else cuz it's game it's...Full Review", "Finally its working perfectly ...", "What have you done to Range Rover??? Its has now become a third class SUV for taxi purpose not for racing.", "some tracks can't be offline plsss fix it and add new cars", "I have updated to the latest version but the game keeps on stopping Please respond ..", "love the game, have had a few glitches but nothing major.", "asphalt airborne 8 is not running after update. very bad after update. please bring back old version bring back my old version which I was playing", "why when i was updating this game it always can't open?", "Yippy thanks for the update.still alot of issues", "did it again ,update,app doesn't load,uninstalled, reinstalled. Lost all progress. fortunately it didn't take as long to get up and running.", "not happy from new update", "nice, but missing my previouse previlage to buye , Hate the blue print concept", "best gamloft racing game for my device but ek bar on hoke aur on nehi hooraha", "too laggy please fix it thx", "is still crash i couldnt play", "best racing game ever love you gameloft so relastic like real and good graphics and controls I love it so much", "Thank you for fixing the error.", "constant requests for 5 star rating are a pain in the butt", "Last update is quite disappointing!", "every time when I open it It asks me to download additional data though I have downloaded it", "I hate it when I play with my car", "this is my best game ever.but this game close suddenly somtimes ..dont know why ..pls fix the bugs thank you.", "its normal, not fun", "worst update ever", "new update is worst \ud83d\ude0f", "totally messed up on this update", "cool game!", "Keeps crashing after the update...", "Needs a complete over haul to compete with A9", "Will not load after last update", "Not work.", "thanks for this update the glitch fixed", "it's great cool cars good graphics and its not lagging.if you like racing you should get it", "\u0e44\u0e1f\u0e25\u0e43\u0e2b\u0e0d\u0e48\u0e44\u0e1b\u0e40\u0e25\u0e48\u0e19\u0e44\u0e21\u0e48\u0e44\u0e14\u0e49 \u0e1b\u0e23\u0e31\u0e1a\u0e1b\u0e23\u0e38\u0e07\u0e14\u0e49\u0e27\u0e22", "The game is very cool but it will become more attractive if u add police", "Love the new track", "it is not a 100mb game .it is upto 2gb game. you should have tell. Game is not a special one .", "i loved this game tuning tin tin", "Thank you for the new update everything seems to be in order..... Catch you on the streets guys", "its an amazing game its one of the best car games ive played and has the best graphics for a phone game anyway", "Please test your updates before releasing the to the public.", "Poor Updates.. Everytime needs to b dowload game again and again", "cannot be played offline after an update \u2639\ufe0f", "disappointed unfortunately error", "..so... fix the \"restore my purchases\" button its not working!..not a long review this time..again from a teen fan \ud83d\udc9c...", "awesome really nice graphics best game I have ever seen it is my favourite game", "please use vulkan api for graphic rendering", "It's graphic are best and best in the world \ud83c\udf0e but every day I have to verify my files, why please fix it .", "this game is gud \u00f1 events r super", "the game is best but grapics are not cool asphalt9 is your game?", "Playing both games Asphalt 8 and Asphalt 9", "quite good actually,but you need to change the sign that says 87mb to 1.2gb", "the race them too cheap we need more money is not everybody rich", "great game \ud83d\udc4d addicted \ud83d\udc4c", "because it has all the cars in the world.", "plz make a Asphalt 9 airborne", "Players are spoken..There is no point to play A8 anymore..", "A very good game but requires a lot of data to download and it too very frequently", "bring back toyota supra now", "Going on the same day in a new York.", "Now the game is running smoothly. Thanks Gameloft to fix this issue. Keep it up.", "Great quality and is addictive. Recommend if you love car race games", "3 stars for ruining mastery farming.", "Minus one because it's a 'WiFi Needed Game'", "it's loading at takes time", "great game highly addictive and after recent update smoth like butter", "i love the game but it takes alot of data to play it.", "i cant play offline this game how to fix that?", "eu gostei do game", "very very best game ever in my life\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00", "it's the best racing game and it surely deserves more than 5 stars", "crashing while launch", "an addictive game i ever played..... i... i......just enjoyed it\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude97\ud83d\ude97\ud83d\ude97\ud83d\ude97\ud83d\ude97\ud83d\ude97", "so beautiful game asphalt 8 game play store download and under install no problem no internet plese no install under download", "Give me unlimited coins so i can buy all the vehicles", "Smooth and easy to get along with and have a great time playing it .", "Thank you for Greatness.", "The Best Game in Racing world!!!", "Jhakaas need to be made more real like GT racing", "Its a great game.", "this game is really fun when i am said it makes me happy", "very good game nice graphics but to much ads", "makes me addic", "I like this game", "thnx for update supeerrrrrrrreerrr", "\u0441\u0430\u043c\u0430\u044f \u043b\u0443\u0447\u0448\u0430\u044f \u0438\u0433\u0440\u0430"], "Clash of Clans": ["Nice game. Especially when the amount of rss needed to up those walls and the time to up buildings are decreased. U don't have to pay to rush ur progress and this game really requires patience. I've been played for 2 years and I'm now mid th10 with lv40 queen. Nice game especially when potion, books...Full Review", "This app is just awesome. I play it pretty much every day. If you\u2019re looking for a good game that busy people can enjoy, you have found one! The graphics are great, the gameplay is nice, and the skill required for this game is phenomenal. I have been playing this game for 3 years and I am still not ...Full Review", "PLAYING AND EARN, Install the Big Time app for join ( Q R S F 6 ) for 55 $$$ Very good apps for join u or u Refer of Sponsore enter Q R S F 6 or QRSF6 appss enter id or Good appss Invite plz id Q R S F 6 or Q R S F 6 its really Good application yyyou can discover neew applicarions QRSF6 The app work...Full Review", "I have neen playing this game since 2013 and i will never stop. the game has good graphics and it plays 99.9% + 1.0 =100.0 good your should play it. I got my sister to play this she loves the game. This game is not crashing at all not slow fast if you dont have a 9$ phone. Dont fix this update it's ...Full Review", "Can't stop playing this app. Looking forward for more updates for this game.in addition add a freature where we can see who's online in the clan. i know that this suggestion may be hard for the creator of this game but you may wanna think of getting this game a flexibility to do a 360 map rotation o...Full Review", "great game so far. th4 meanvile, one of the best games ever! th7 now, omg...amazing!!! Max th8...best game eveeer!!! Th9 better than th8 but if you don't play a lot, slow progress. Th10 and still great! Th11 to be released...oh boy, rated 1 star from 5. Stopped playing till i hope they fix this. Bac...Full Review", "A great game, but with the latest patch (lunar event) I keep getting black-screened. @supercell I can't seem to figure out why. Originally I thought it was my College's T&C's, but it works fine on my friend's phones (an apple and an adroid!) Anyway, I just wanna play clash in my spare time and get t...Full Review", "may i suggest? my Seggestion is 1.Can you pls make the game easy? 2.add a new buelding 3.The server can select and can you pls back old account? name (Buzzer_ZEIHN^_^) i tottaly forgot it pls bring it back I request it like on 2017? but you say i don't have enough info so pls bring it back i know it...Full Review", "Ok I love the game, but can we please see a buff to the wall breakers hp? Mine just got one-shot by a bomb tower so I immediatly forfeited the match... Not fair that a aoe tower that has like 1 hit/1 second can one shot my unit :(", "nice game but the problem is that when we collect resources from treasury(clan castle), everything in it is collected and it becomes difficult to manage that. you should improve it by giving a withdrawl amount option through which we can collect limited resources according to our needs. everything e...Full Review", "I began playing this game about 5 year ago, and now I'm one of the top in the world. I initially thought this game was a pay to win, but later found out after playing it, that you needed patience. You don't need to put real money into the game to be good. This game is strategy based, which makes it ...Full Review", "Having a weird glitch lately. I'll queue an army/potions to cook, and my spells won't start cooking at the same time as my army. Sometimes they won't brew until I open the game again and check to see if my army is ready, then they suddenly start brewing. Aside from that, I love this game. It's great...Full Review", "Why directly permanent banned? You should warn us 1st for 2 weeks.. And if we still use 3rd party after the warning that is just the right time to permanently banned us.. Please Supercell i've been playing for almost 1year.. Please have mercy and bring back my account!!", "I love this game so much! It's really fun to play on your free time! Meet new people which it really nice also! What I hate about it though it that it takes forever to upgrade stuff :/. There should be an update to make everything update time half so if it 2 days? It should 1 day! But itz super cool...Full Review", "It is very challenging game. It very hard game also. I like this game very much.This is fabulous game with a good graphic. This game involves many super activities like chatting and making friends through clanmates.This is not that easy. I am at Town hall level 9. My clan castle is level 3. DON'T Pl...Full Review", "Wow good job it the first and the best games I have ever seen I love \ud83d\ude0d fight and to be In another clans with another friends, me too I like to be a part of the game. I am in town hall lev. 7. And my name is Dalia \ud83d\udc9d so please \u263a\ufe0f make my request real. one thing you have to change the price from town...Full Review", "too much pay to play, and getting moremof that tipe, but i understand the SUPERCELL, its theyr work and they hawe to do it, so they expand, get more popular and profitable. I would like to work for SUPERCELL, than i grow up. I see some problems in the game, i might know how to fix it and let this jo...Full Review", "No game beats this game it is outright amazing 5-5 only downside is that it takes forever to build stuff so I am trying to find a similar game and no luck. game is way easier now. I have progressed more in 2 months now then 6 back in the day.. if you guys make it easier then add more.. make the base...Full Review", "Very similar (if not identical) to Greed For Glory. Some pros and cons when I compare the two. The two concepts that I miss from other games that I play is that clan members cannot assist with upgrades (Greed For Glory) and troops that survive do not return to your village (Castle Clash). You also c...Full Review", "I'm totally addicted \ud83d\ude0f.... This game can really engage you but it's also suitable for busy people too. There so much skill and experience to gain, so many tactics and strategies to learn, nevertheless this is a fun game. There are always exciting updates throughout the year keeping players interest...Full Review", "This game is one of my favourites. im th8 never ever thort about deleting the game i love the new update its easy fun. but there us a lot of immature 12 year olds. love the content. i woukd like if super,cell port in more bright objects in the game but over all 5 stars for me keep up the great work ...Full Review", "It is very interesting, interactive, and as far as I can tell anyone can enjoy this game. I have played for about two years and the only problem I have is that it takes so much memory. There has to be a way to make this game take up less storage. The game never gets old. My whole family is in my cla...Full Review", "pretty addicting. started playing because of free resources for buying a play store card which is great only I'm new and had 35 million for both coin n elixir. but I can't use them so I'm losing them every time I'm attacked. why can't we donate to our clan? or trade them in for the opposite or for g...Full Review", "I love warfighting strategy games. But this game was beyond anything I thought it was better. Before downloading and installing this app I thought it would be a waste of space and time. But as soon as I opened it I was astonished to look at the graphics quality and the funny people in the game who t...Full Review", "The game is awesome. The things that I wanted to be added are, more dark elixir storage and drills and more troops and spell levels. The things that I want to improve are: extend the battle time to 4 minutes from 3 minutes and 30 seconds and building hit points must increase up to 15%. That's all an...Full Review", "My friend got banned because he's helping me to find my lost village. I think \"report the lost village\" is the worst option to recover your account. Because the question is doesn't make sense, make the client mind confused. Supercell has been make a worst decision to ban my friend account. Because t...Full Review", "Warning! HIGHLY ADDICTIVE! Been playing for 2,5 years. Can't imagine life without it. It's fun, it's challenging and it's another social platform. Just find the right clan and you'll be fine. Support responds very fast. No major issues or they are fixed promptly. Constant game development. New chall...Full Review", "I don't understand the algorithm because many times if in builder base the opponents defences dosen't attack high HP troops which are in front of them(in range) like giants, pekkas, balloons but instead aim for backup troops like canon cart and minions. Its annoying really and something is not fishy...Full Review", "I don't even have the words to describe this game. It is this game that popularized the strategy online genre. I just have a small suggestion, why don't you add a feature in this game where we can challenge any player irrespective of clans to show our strength and strategy. Where we can challenge ou...Full Review", "This game can be played in a way that will provide as much or as little time as you would like to spend. It can be free, I've never spent a dime, or you could spend a ton on rushing upgrades. Supercell constantly puts out new content, keeping the game interesting and me hooked!", "Update! SuperCell rocked out! They put an army and spells in the que! Love this game..TH10 and I've been playing for 2.5 years..I would like to see an update in troop control..maybe ordering specific troops to go certain places..secondly I would like if I could repeat my army with 1 push of a button...Full Review", "clash of clans is a good game. but the fair gameplay is not fair at all. I recently tried to point out a cheat on war league an their response was for a lack of words they didn't regard it as a cheat. but as a player it don't take a rocket scientist to figure it out that there is a cheat ! a lot of ...Full Review", "Hi super cell. I'm here to have an issue about matchmaking in clan war leagues. Here our clan PuffPuff Clash of lvl 13 experiences a really hard time. We are on crystal l league right now but we have less town hall 12.opponent takes 11 town hall 12 and we have 5. You should apply restrictions on tak...Full Review", "Required update: 1. You can upgrade walls with dark elixir after TH10. 2. Upgrade time of Heroes after Level 40 has been shortened to 3d. 3. \"El Primo\" troop has been made permanent. 4. Research time of a troop in laboratory is shortened. 5. You can share your resources with your clanmates. 6. Make ...Full Review", "Game has become so damn time wasting due to that new tornado .trap which traps ur units and damages only... this game produces a sound from Speaker when Volume is fully 0 or Sound Effects and Music is Off to. so pls fix it.. i think this is the reason why battery drains. and try to make clouding in ...Full Review", "Please add an easier and affective way to recover a lost village I've been trying to recover my base sinve almst 2 or 3 months and guess i won't be getting it back.. the in game help and support doesn't seem to be working and I always end up getting automated reply please help.", "Your game caracters have zero combat sense, mindlessly attacking a wall while there is a breach near by, senslessly attacking a usless building while being attacked by a CC troop or other defenses is totally wrong. Barbarians & archers are drawn to a crusher like a bugs to a light regardless of othe...Full Review", "I Suggest To Update Is Clan Chat's. Make It Like Messenger Can Send Picture's, Video's Sticker's, Can Send Private Chat. I Think, It's The Best Solution To Vanish Bored Moment's Of Game, While Waiting To Trained Troop's for 29 minute.. \ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\ude01 Sorry For My English Grammar.. \ud83d\ude2d Im Trying So Hard.. \u270c\ufe0f\ud83d\ude02", "no strategy at all. i watched as 20 troops shoot at the side of a barn and get blasted in the face with cannon balls and theres nothing you can do to stop it or redirect them. if youve always dreamed on raise a village of idiots than this is the game for you.", "hey u all commenter are u a ideot . someone write bad game some abuse. what is happening, what u ever think about supercell it takes many years to make a game ok.supercell is giving it all effors but u have no pateinent. u all are a donkey.if u play a game than make patence.                         ...Full Review", "Can we have a trade cart please. It would be so nice to trade resources with friends and clan members. And also please add a last logged in feature for clan leaders to see player activity. Please add a method to take over dead clans as well. I think this would make the game even better.", "Ever since i updated my game application it has stopped loading. I have even uninstalled and installed again (all to no positive result). I'm currently in the middle of an event that will end in 2 hours from now. Please can something be done about this asap? Thanks in anticipation. I HATE THE NEW UP...Full Review", "While this game isn't perfect, it's an incredibly enjoyable base building game that has content and events for players of all levels and very F2P friendly. With the exception of a few seasonal decorations nothing is out of reach from F2P players. The dev team is very creative and responsive and have...Full Review", "Great game. They've improved it a lot since it came out. I would give 5 stars except for the \"Finish Training\" button under the \"Train Troops\" tab. It's clearly a banana peel for players to slip on and dash away their gems. No confirmation at all. It took over a year for the 'first troop auto-select...Full Review", "game was great untill my son made a payment of $70 supercell agreed to refund the $70 to my google play balance i was told to wait a few days. that was almost a month ago so if you are not gonna give the refund just say it dont say you will and then never give it", "After maintenance today, i have problem to load the game. Uninstall and reinstall back, but the installation require 16 hours. Checked my connection is doing fine. Tried install other app (hayday), only took me less than 3 minutes. But clash of clan still need 16 hours. Please help. Thanks", "I love playing this before I go to bed and letting it run all day. Its addicting. update. I deleted this 3 or 4 years ago but just redownloaded it today. was able to reload my old village! awesome! there is new stuff and still fun to play! it's the only phone game I like!", "I have played this for a few years now. Stopped for a little while when I was having phone issues. Got a new one, signed into the game with GPlay acct & it said to login with supercell id. None of my emails have a supercell acct. CS ran me in circles for days by changing agents everytime I'd reply a...Full Review", "The opponents searching really screw, takes more than 5mins to get next opponent in Titan league, wasted alot of time just to search next target. The opponents matching algorithm also sucks, the strong th12 wiped out my th11 base, and lost many points. i always get stronger and higher town hall, inc...Full Review", "ok so clash of clans is an awesome game... but theres like 3 problems.... 1. all the indian clans n stuff asking for members get annoying. 2. can you make it so we can play offline? so we cant chat in clan chats n global and we can only fight goblins? obviously we should be allowed to upgrade offlin...Full Review", "Okay the game is nice but the service is horrible... they don't care about their customers... i had recently lost an old account which i have been playing for years then I reached out to them for help but they didnt respond. Not happy with how they treated me. I hope this doesn't happen to other peo...Full Review", "hy supercell.... I had very big bug in my cwl .... I can't change single member in cwl exept one of th4 .... where I got 31 members in my clan ot level 6 .... plzzz solve this bug today so I rate u back...otherwise it will be desaster for my clan's clan war leagues.... plz solve this problem.", "I like this game the most.. I am crazy for this. But in new update u r \ngoing to make all the buildings necessary for upgrading to th12. Pls dont \ndo that. If u did so i would have to leave this game. Pls remove this \nchange. Many users will get hurt if u did so. I request supercell to dont \ndo this...Full Review", "Good. I have tell you some errors. 1) if I boost then it take 30gems. Error is when my barrack in upgrading at that time also it take 30 gems. 2) some time it take much time to open. 3)some time interrupted during attack. 4)it consumed much battery power & phone get heated. 5)many times troops are d...Full Review", "ive been playing for the better part of 3 years now, even though ive had ti restart a couple times because i had to switch phones, but that was because i neber saved it lmao. ANYWAY, getting off topic. its a really fun game. i like building bases and learning strategies to defeat other bases.", "I am regular clasher . It is almost a fairplay game but now a days some unfair things are happening. My clan's leadership is changed by unfair way. Following are the details which may required Clan Name: CROODS Clan Level: 12 Clan Tag: #PQOOUL82 Original Leader's Name: prathamesh Original Leader's P...Full Review", "The already slow pace of advancing in this game feels like it's been hobbled even more so since they nerfed farming. Creating faster troop training time has seemed to balance this out. Still needs to allow upgrading heros in war until they change that 4/5 stars.", "Very fun, addicting game and awesome graphics. Clan war and Clan war leagues match making is horrible! it's always outmatched. lower level players gets screwed in this game because of reason hard to grow new players and keep them. Game Control: troops bar definitely need improvement. its really anno...Full Review", "This game is so good. Any one can download, and play with other plyers. Going to TH12 max is so hard. In my expearince is very good. Aur sign karke delete kiya to kuch tention bhi nahi aap ka game waisa ka waise hi rahega.", "it is fun to play when you are board and you need to kill some time just play this game. The game is addictive sometimes at first it is boring but later on the game it gets fun and easy to play. Like playing this game it is so much fun yeah you might not all ways win but it dose not matter because y...Full Review", "Hi Supercell!\ud83d\ude01 Why can't I open my clash of clans app in my cellphone? it looks like its gonna load but it all turns to black. I try to let it load for about 15 mins. but everything on my screen is black. It also says Calsh of Clans isn't responding, then I tried to wait but when it showed up again...Full Review", "Wow,my time playing this game was a blast!The updates are extremely fun to play and also the developers also care! For instance, when the hogs discount came out(for chinese new year ) I had a wonderful experience using some attacks with hog riders inside them. Also the graphics in this game look ext...Full Review", "My friend has an LG G4 stylus and whenever he tries to open the app he just gets a black screen and nothing happens. He has network connection and tried restarting his phone but same problem persists. Some help is much appreciated.", "Amazing and magneficent. but my problem about this is when you have a supercell id its harder for us to change or shift to another account because delayed of verification code and other questions. Hope you can make it easier in switching from one account to another. thanks and more power COC Superce...Full Review", "I love this game because I love the idea . on my other account I am almost a maxed out town hall 10, I really hope that my base is safe and it will not disappear. If it does I recon that you don't start playing this game. If you loose your base some how... I understand that you will get really mad. ...Full Review", "Tremendous strategy game despite not looking as much it's actually an intricate and satisfyinly grindy game that takes time to progress through the game while requiring you to spend an ample amount of time to play at once allowing for more relaxed or serious play style. It can take time to master at...Full Review", "Why can't you guys have the whole army and powers auto released when the connection fails? JUST SO THERE'S A CHANCE! Living in a 3rd World country doesn't always provide a stable connection.", "You guys should make a fireball spell the firball spell should go to level 5 each level it gains an extra fireball so level 1 1 one fireball 2 2 fireballs so on and so on. The tornado spell whould actually be able to hit like gold and elixer no dark elixer though. Make a new troop called Prince too ...Full Review", "i would quit if it werent free, but its getting harder and harder to log in. its a mobile game. good way to pass time. hardly feel appreciated by development team for the years we have given as tournaments are already a bust. casual players all but left. sad.", "game is taking to long to to get a match once your in legends league. what's up with that? it takes almost 15mins to find a match! and what's the deal with once you run out of shield you can't get back on till someone attacks you. even at that you can't watch them attack you live. you get a stoopid ...Full Review", "Geared to take excessive funds. Gets a bit boring as the item levels increase and you have to wait over a week for something to upgrade - unless you spend real money buying gems to speed it up, which the game is designed to get you to do on an endless basis. Would much prefer to pay a reasonable pri...Full Review", "i would give this game five stars but since updating to the lunar festival event. i have noticed glitches where it boots you off every five mins or soo if u can pls try and fix this problem", "Horrible pay to win with toxic community and snotty customer support. Super cell made \u00a3821 million pounds last year even after paying its ceo \u00a325million, marking exec \u00a321 million. Don't waste your life on this game, read some books instead.", "PROBLEM! I love the game but I was training dragons to Conman6679 and I have spent 72 gems in the past 24 hrs because I was tapping the screen and the gem thing popped up without warning and i accidentally clicked the button on accident. when you gem troops there is no confirmation. I tried to repor...Full Review", "Suppercell I hate it! when I put 3 troops to lure the cc troops out but not all come out only less than half then when i go to attack more come out and wipe my army. LOVE IF U WOULD FIX THIS PROBLEM!!!!! AND WHEN WE BE WITHOUT SHIELD WE GET KICKED FROM THE GAME UNTIL WE GET ATTACKED LOSE TROPHIES AN...Full Review", "All the work an time I put in on this game an they do this to us. Going to get more expensive. I'd rather buy a new Harley Davidson an a car no game is worth this kind of money. Good luck gemmers no more farming for help later clash of credit card", "After May 2016 update, game is closing forcefully in the middle of raids \nafter 5 to 10 minutes being in the game. . Please fix this issue, I also \nhave updated the game to latest version.. I'm currently in champ2 league so \nreally don't want to lose trophies because of this issue.", "Still the same bugs games not loading freezes. Please fix the issues. I also had this game on a different device wanted to transfer my existing game to my new device and got no were with the company. Total scam artists", "Easy to play. 02/20/2019 Fun to play with your friends. Updates have been great. Cant get enough of it. The live action gameplay and head to head battles are awesome. Clan wars and Clan games have been a wonderful addition to the game. The only negative is they dont hand out the gem boxes frequent e...Full Review", "Nice game but it wants time....And We have no time You just have to add up a clock tower in the other side which may bost up for 5 min after 2 days or ubove...... plz do some thing .... plz plz plz.....\ud83d\ude4f And one more thing when i try to log in in this game from my 2nd id where i was at the level of...Full Review", "Entertaining- in app purchases if one is eager to move up faster. Support tech team is the best- my village disappeared when I changed my ipad. The tech team made double sure it was my village which I appreciate their security measures. They also monitor the clan wars- and keep things honest- thus t...Full Review", "Overall good.... just got raided and my xbows were BOTH set to AIR and i never change that and they didnt attack air units... this has been an issue since 2015. FIX IT!!", "Sandbagging destroyed this game! You should not be able to level down with beginners purposely. They are avoiding plsyers at their level and now that is a standard way to play the game. Basically they allow sharks in the kiddie pool. If you want to survive, break out your wallet. That is not strateg...Full Review", "hello, I have a complaint. why is this game the absolute best? seriously it's a very addictive game with a lot to offer! I am only town hall 8 but this game is super fun! thank you for all you have done to it to make it this way ! would give 10 stars if I could. thank you! ciao!", "Its a game that you can play with your friends and make a clan and fight other clans to get value and then try get on top!! The bad things is when you upgrade buildings it takes too many hours or too many days to finish! Its a game that you have to wait! -Stefz", "can I reach out to game developers, a clash of clan WEEKLY LOTTERY , paid by gems , ie 100 .. and the win would be a total or split total ,so that some or a many get a chance to move on and do some expensive upgrades , like WALLS !! . PLEASE at least give it consideration. you know it would be popul...Full Review", "i went to 5 star rating to 3 star because in CWL were facing 1 th11, 3 th10, 5 th9, and 6 th8. while our clan's highest is 1 th9, 6 th8, 4 th7, 1 th6 and 3 th5. how is that even fair? after this CWL i will start the war again and if we face a clan that is way stronger than us i will reviewing down t...Full Review", "Clash of clan game is awesome.I love clash of clans game because iam a worker. I Work in Qatar, Doha in mantinance company before 2 years how easily time gone I didn't think about it thank you clash of clan. If I didn't play clash of clan my life will boring know I was enjoying with clash of clans.....Full Review", "Used to be great pre-TH11 update.  Now it is unbearable to play on cellular (extremely long loading times), plays ok on wifi but can't accumulate elixir which leads to no longer being able to upgrade troops.", "in your new updates of coc , I think have many problem in this setting bcz when i open it for play, my phone just stop all the system. so plz fix it as a best game as soon as u can or not i will remove it..", "Its been more than a year since i started playing this game (not daily) and so far so good its really entertaining. Not a 5 star since some updates were bad and made some of my friends stop playing and now my clan is sadly inactive :(.", "Great game, but lately the archer queen has been a real pain to deal with. Her AI has gone from smart to dumb and rather self absorbed. She'd go out of her way and does whatever she pleases and would ignore cc troops attacking my army until she's finished with whatever she's attacking. I dont like t...Full Review", "if you like to get trashed on in clan wars then go ahead. the search is horrible and puts my clan against people way too good. wish the game returned the favor once in a while... dont spend money on this game!", "leader can share his/her gold and elixir to clanmate only 2 time . laboratory upgrade 2 different things in same time upgrade from elixir and dark elixir. leader talk any player of his/her clan privately.give more powers to leader of clan.violet walls are also upgrade from elixir.facility to talk wi...Full Review", "I've played the game for so long it's time I hung me gloves up. i have enjoyed my time playing clash, best online game by far in my book loved playing. very well thought out, clever game so thank you supercell for entertaining me for 4 years", "Very fantastic game.... But there is a lot of clouding and time consuming in titan 1 and above legues bases are getting delayed too much..... Plzz send it and update so all players will starting to push trophy.....", "It is a great game but i have a town hall 9 on my other account and the name of it is Clash Of Pigs, and i just wanted to say that upgrading stuff takes too long maximum of upgrading something in the game with yown hall 12 should take max 4-5 days. this is just an option supercell but the community ...Full Review", "i have been playing this game for quite awhile now. i am at level 66. i have only 1 complaint tht the upgrade price of the tesla should really be lower than it's current price. Everything else in the game is fine. I'll rate 5 stars if u rethink the upgrade price. i don't mind the time of upgrade but...Full Review", "This is amazing game. I want to give it more than 5 star.But you add a feature in it which is personal chat. I hope you recognise it. I will grateful to you. This the best game in the world. Plz solve my problem. And also confirm please that while we pushing trophies we find trophy rich base. Plz if...Full Review", "games is designed for long term players. meaning if you are just now starting you will be at a disadvantage. as a townhall 5 in war you will go against a townhall 9. basically you will never penetrate their wall. game has died for new players.", "This game is very interesting. I like this game because it is not only useful for entertainment but also for managing and maintaing of clan as well as makes us creative. This game is useful to increase our mind-power. Also we can learn lot of things from this game. This game is very best. I loved th...Full Review", "I started this game with my Gmail id, but some days ago i open a supercell ID, i feel a lot of disturbance with this id, now i want to play with my gmail id, i want to deactivate supercell id, Its really a nice game, but u should give a dark theme, when we search a clan its show white cloud, it hart...Full Review", "best game ever made in the whole universe and Galaxy cause aint no game like this this game is one of a kind so all of yall should download it cause this game is the best in the world ive been playing for a whille and once you play for a while you will be absesed with this game no matter how hard yo...Full Review", "Playing the game for pad two years.. love it... not liking that u raised the prices on gems .. some time soldiers wander off somewhere else. . Other tha that it's good game. . Why I. Am not receiving notifications I already reinstall the latest edition.. Currently using huawei p20 Pro.. Any slotutio...Full Review", "Seriously annoying glitches lately such as my events page wont load, i cannot collect my clan war leagues medals when i click into the cwl. Im the leader of the clan and when i click into the ended war league i can see the screen where i can reward my clanmates bonuses for a split second before it d...Full Review", "This game is fun. Once I master it I will make the strongest clan ever and destroy this one guys clan that kicked me out a month ago. I knew him from school. So all I'm going to do is destroy all him followers camps and exact my revenge. Thank you Clash of Clans!!", "i have played this game every day since the day it was released and have continued to support the developers, but after this update it really shows how greedy supercell has become. the new village guard is completely pointless and it doesnt make any sense for why they would screw up the shield syste...Full Review", "Hi, Some one hacked my account by using supercell id. Already i change my google account password,but problem is not solved. Kindly please help me to solve this issue. My tag is #ULPROL9R\ud83d\ude1e", "someone connected my coc id to supecell to a mail id which i dont recognize. and after that not even the help center of supercell responds to your mails and problms. Guys we make very hard effort to push our base to higher th. please respond to me in mails", "Let me be honest with this game it's fun and extremely pay to win. It will take you a colossal amount of time to reach and max out TH12 not to mention the 2nd village. Out of all the problems the Troop AI (Artificial Intelligence) is Ass to say the least. At times you wonder if the game is rigged or...Full Review", "The game is very fun. It is a nice little stratgy game. To me its like a puzzel because of the way you need to set up your base and how you need to attack etc. sooooooooooooo to shorten this long thing up, ITS THE BEST GAME IN THE WHOLE WORLD. P.S. just dont rush the game; doesn't make it as fun.", "this app take too muche time to Open. It's not my phone problem. i can play PUBGm well in my phone. To open this app take More Than 5sec wich is Very annoying \ud83d\ude11solve this problem asap", "Fuc***ing lot of glitches.. defences sometimes don't attack even if troops are at rannge .sometimes after reorganizing the base and pressing save it says that \"village saved\" but the base remains the same. Except those glitches ...Cox is fine!!fix the bugs!!!", "Fun to play but upgrades take a while and having builders idle whilst offline doesn't help. Just a suggestion but how about something gets added like an upgrade queue system? So if you have the required gold or elixer for an upgrade, but all builders are busy, maybe queuing something (Cannon for exa...Full Review", "If you get to crystal league 1, dont even think about attacking anyone. No matter how weak their base is you will lose everytime. Just let people attack you until you reach Masters league.. trust me. The game is wired to make sure that it is impossible for you (no matter how strong you are) to get m...Full Review", "The only bad thing about the game is the every time they do a \"New Upgrade\" because is always made only for the TOP PLAYERS so they can spend more Money and Time. I hate the new upgrade i hope with the time they Fix everything. So the game get more fair.", "I would have given it 5 stars if i could put all my builders on one resource so that less time would be consumed. Example:-suppose if one resource takes 5 days to get completed by one builder then i can complete the work in 2 and a half days by hiring 2 builders by giving double the original amount ...Full Review", "It's very nice game, I want to thank general Tony because he made this. Wizard is very nice and hog rider also. We can connect it with Google Play store.If we delete and install the game we have lost comes back.I loved it very much \ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a", "this has been the best game for these past years but with this new update i can't switch my accounts with the Google play service's. i contacted supercell and they didn't help me i dislike this game now please fix that", "COC game offers a unique experience in gaming, because there is always the concept of moving forward. No matter the defeats or losses in war, a player never loses ground, which prevents stress and depression usually felt when playing other games. Thus players are given the rare combination of challe...Full Review", "You will spend hours preparing your base and building your defense only to see that someone else did something better so change it. Biggest thing you could spend a lot very lot of money in this game or play for free.", "what a shame. i have 2 google play account, then i signed up one of my account to supercell id, but now i can't access my another account because it always push you to logged in with supercell account instead of google play account.", "it is good, only that i'm a th7 and when I attack I get 15-20 trophies on other th7 or th8, but when th7 or th8 attack me they get 30-35 trophies and I find it unfair, very unfair. I would like that you fixed that, cuz it is really hard to get to higher leagues if that happens or that at least you d...Full Review", "* sometimes (everyday) it shows false results that you lose the battle and along with that you will lose your hard work earned trophies and rewards. * sometimes it stops your building upgrades and waste your money, time, energy and efforts and your progress will be stopped. * help and support team w...Full Review", "Good as always. I just have one suggestion. Can you make us help to loot easier? Like, if the account is not active like 1month old, can you make their defense weaker? So we can loot easiest.", "Pay to win game. The more you buy the more you win. If you try to play for free you'll just get destroyed by wallet warriors. Game is a complete waste of time. You can never get revenge on people who attack you because the cowards just buy shields so they don't get attacked. The match maker is also ...Full Review", "Once you've worked hard and become a high level player, you find yourself unable to get any bases and spend hours waiting....not playing. If this isn't corrected soon, there will be a mass exodus from this game.", "love to play the game but I changed phones and lost my th9 base. I am very disappointed in the tech. support I received I was told I would get it back but I have given up hope on it. It's sad I lost 3 years of progress.", "Dont nerf tower plz!!!! Please nerf hero queen or barbarian king. Building expensive for what? I think build tower defends very uselles and no unfair for high troops and hero if nerf like that!!!! Please remake or boost and more traps. Please read or notice the message!! Thanks a lot", "they give you shields and it says no one is allowed to attack but they are liars they allow you to be raided and their excuse is you fought back! there isnt anyway. I am usually not in line and if I get on line and want to revenge it tells me I cant.", "But don't know how to hack gems in clash of clan. Its hard. If any one knows please tell me how to hack coc gems. Its important. I have only 2 builder. But I need 8 builders. And I am in town hall 9, if you guys give me gems I can go to town hall 12 max. \ud83d\ude26\ud83d\ude26\ud83d\ude26\ud83d\ude26\ud83d\ude26\ud83d\ude29\ud83d\ude29", "Idiotic game ever played. I had reported many times due to my network issuses i am getting -26 or -30 every time in versus battle. And i reported it 4 times and in clan games when i completed 2 challenges it showed nothing why???. clash royale is no less it too has many complaints. return my trophie...Full Review", "Send verification code fast. you are not giving it within 2 mins. This is only the problem I got. Other is clan war league; you are not giving proper townhalls for league.otherwise it's a great game", "i like the game very much, i used to play this before the builder Hall update( had left in the middle)... so, i know most of the past... i just wanted to say that i would have given 5 stars only if you change the barbarian King and the Archer queen pics back to the first one... before they became to...Full Review", "i would like to know if supercell is working on War leagues match making. every league we match up with maxed out clans. lets take this league as example, where our clan had only 2 townhall 12s and the opponent clan had 10 town hall 12s. like how can you even counter that? people use to complain abo...Full Review", "Great game, everything ok but one problem. We need bangladeshi flag. If u think its make game slow then remove all other flags. I will give 5* again.", "This is a very addictive game. It is possible to progress without spending any money, although this will go pretty slowly. I have experienced a couple of different clans.These will have different personalities depending on the leaders. One clan I was in wanted to fight a war once a week, while my pr...Full Review", "the game is good except the part what I hate in the game is the upgrade time. we just have maximum 5 builders were there are so much buildings to upgrade when each upgrade for a building takes days. seriously this game will take years to complete even though this game is easy. I am not telling don't...Full Review", "well i like the game a lot but i am disappointed because i can not find anything which can help me get back my lost village. I deleted the google account connected with the village and now i am unable to find any way to get it back. also i dont remmember the exact mail address now. right now i am ac...Full Review", "No matter what you do this game will change. Worked on certain combination of troops and spells first just to have them Nerf those and change the game around. It's all a waste. Suspiciously you can 3 star bases you should not be able to and 3 star those you shouldn't be able to. Their version of \"fa...Full Review", "i cant see my facebook friends leaderborad that play clash even with it logged into facebook.. and we need better english globals their too quick and hard to recuit players on English global..gotta change to norsk language just to get players..", "plz supercell this is a bit too much i heard th13 upgrade is coming in 2019 ..i think this is too early coz the wall in th12 are really expensive and will consume a lot of time to upgrde all the walls plz donot release the upgrade till 2020 plz.... my humble request an old clasher", "night base matching system is very bad.. worst.. why does it gives high level to fight with a low one.. infact in the daylight base the matching system is also very poor.. high level bases attack my low level base.. but same rank base doesnt.. worst game.. useless matchmaking.. dont download it", "Clash of Clans is hands down the best game I've ever downloaded on a smartphone. The seasonal upgrades and new additions keep the game aggressively challenging and competitive but at the same time uniquely collaborating with choice peers within each members clan. This game seems to have never ending...Full Review", "It takes way too long to upgrade without paying money. It's fun for the first few town halls, but the it feels like more of a commitment than a game. It's definitely a freemium app game they try to make you spend money on. With that in mind and if your ok with that it's a fun game", "Good game.... But in builder base when I go for an attack.. Never of my lvl the enemy. comes always the higher bh So, plz super cell look at it once.. Otherwise the game is very good", "Love the game as no one does.... bt since the cwl update is come this game sucks..... poor match making in clan war leagues u guyz just lost a gropu of 50 active people.... looser coc team.....#quitcoc", "Nearing the end of th10... Game is now getting too time consuming... Have to battle 20+ other players just to get enough loot to upgrade 1 building... Starting to feel like work... Not fun", "I really like this game. Unfortunately,I very sad because I've already to recover my old account but it banned me. But it's okay then, I'll continue to use my new account.", "its a great game... but sometimes in receiving i face some problem like i know my clanmates give me a troops but when i go to my cc i can see the troops and also in searching in builder base sometimes a face max builder base that i know that we have in the same bracket... pls fix it supercell", "A pr\u00e9sent, tout est parfait dans COC. Tout est int\u00e9ressant dans le jeu: (clan war, clan games, war league ...). On n'a plus besoin de rester scotch\u00e9 au jeu pour pouvoir \u00e9voluer ou en profiter. On a aussi d'autres priorit\u00e9s dans la vie ;). Ensuite, pour moi qui suis programmeur web, ils sont en const...Full Review", "really liked when they first added PvP but now it seems like the matchups are set up where you lose by a couple of percentage points or you lose by a star because your troops don't want to take down the town hall. troop movement is horrible", "Wow, the clan war leagues matching algorithms suck. terrible matching done. we have only one th 12 and two th 11 in our whole clan but got our enemies with six th 12. and 4 th 11. this is just not acceptable.", "Build your troops& take to battle with strategy & build more troops & upgrade. Interesting game, the only downside to the game is you can't control the troops once deploying them. For this game the upgrade times is ridiculous 5 days just to upgrade weapon defenses for the higher up levels.", "When a player is searching a battle, the troop at position 1st is auto selected but it must be like you gotta select whichever troop you want to deploy so that one can avoid \"unnecessary touch\"; there should come an error \"SELECT THE TROOP FIRST\" so that one might not loose his essential trophies! E...Full Review", "seems like every single time i try to use clan chat or global my keyboard either force closes or the app itself does, this game is forever flawed when it comes to bugs. That being said its still a really good game minus the bugs", "Classic Game. Not sure if the popularity is the same as it once was, but unlike their sister game (Royale,) the developers know how not to ruin a good thing. Clan Wars haven't changed too much over the years, but the addition of Clan Games made the game fresh and fun. The Builder Base is more of a s...Full Review", "Haven't played in a while. Thought I'd come back but the game won't load. There's a downloading content bar that never moves. That's fine. Didn't really want to play anyways. Can't wait till Rift of Raigard comes out.", "This game is more addictive than PUBG for me\ud83d\ude05. This game was ruining my eyes but I deleted it And now again downloding\ud83d\ude02. Now my eyesight is well. Best game I just love it don't know why\ud83d\ude1d\ud83d\udc38", "This game is one of the most relaxing game I ever played and it has a lot of satisfatory. At the same time it also have some control to prevent us from getting to addicted to this game by purposely making upgrades very slow... so that we can have rest while our building is upgrading... a perfect mas...Full Review", "hopeless made my mind turn wild .. when i tried to go crystals league in 7 no trophy came.. only showing maxed 8 and 9. i was distressed, when i attacked the number of trophies was only like 5,6,7 but when opponent attacks they take like 32,33,40. I am sad . is this the thing that supercell is greed...Full Review", "WARNING!!! Don't Download this!It's Addictive! I've been playing COC (Clash of Clans) For 2 years And I enjoyed it In those 2 Years I've been Through A lot of Challenges I Got A Stronger Clan stronger Defenses Troops And Others I'm Sure you'll Enjoy this It's More Challenging Than you thought What a...Full Review", "Very good game, had multiple accounts on multiple devices over the years. Still enjoying it today. Wish it would let you log on without internet connection to empty collectors/attack singleplayer bases. 4 our of 5.", "It really sucks that you can't get instant revenge when someone attacks your base. Makes this not worth playing, making it so one sided.", "My account was town hall 9, but it was erased and I don't know why. Now I'm starting from scratch but it's okay because I can at least have a strong foundation and can be stronger than my past account.", "I believe every player should be able to see, his or her, global or local ranking. I'm a long time player and have been disappointed this hasn't been added in the updates.", "It's a good game. I do like it, but you're saying xbows are weak? Also are giving them a boost? If you don't have a wall wrecker the game is too unbalanced. Defense out weighs offense to offset the seige machines, but if you don't have a 12 to donate to you, you're screwed.", "Not able to open app. getting server connection error. Re installed app also but no luck. I am using Nokia 6.1 plus. Can you please help to resolve this issue", "Fun game but no support or customer service. Was hacked and they dont care. That kind of attitude towards your customers is unacceptable! So i will probably delete my acct.", "1 star less for nerfing, not \"balancing\". The best part about this game is the freedom to just leave it & go, compared to other \"enslaving\" freemium online games. update 2019: boom beach is more fun than clash of clans. it has lost its charm. very tough to get 3 stars in wars at th12", "Hiiii the game is very good . Supercell should make more games like this. I was not th5 max and now I am th 7 max after 3 months. Its a time killer game. Whenever I get time I playes coc. Clash of Clans was not my first game of strategy before this I played many games but no one game was better than...Full Review", "plz reduce the regeneration time of heroes , they are taking too much time and if there any chance to change the canon of th10 to th12 (it looks too big, and it doesn't shows the improvement in technology). there was perfect images of canon in th1 to th9. Plz reply, thank you super cell", "really anoyed, app isn't responding. I'm not sure what it was but I do remember the last thing I tried doing was attacking another base and it said out of sync with somthing...? later on o tried to get back on and it looks like it's about to open but it's just gets stuck on a black page. btw I have ...Full Review", "Game sends out false notifications, \"Got one for a new war about to be started, whilst we was already in a Clan war.\" Little lies to draw you into a false world of pay to play. PROTECT YOURSELF AND YOUR KIDS IF THEY PLAY.", "When I first started play ing this game back in 7th grade, I thought it was trash. However, after playing it for about 6 years I can say I've enjoyed the journey so far, I just needed patience to enjoy playing. Overall, it a pretty neat, enjoyable game.", "Great app which is certainly a great use of any spare time you may have. However, this game requires immense patience since many of the upgrades contructing times are painfully long (it can reach times of 24 hours or more for a single upgrade) but this is acceptable considering this game is free. At...Full Review", "Bug experience. Hard time to log in even the signal is strong. Then there are instances that it loads so long before it searches a base to attack and then crashes.", "This game is Awesome. The only thing that makes this game kind of boring is that buildings take to long to upgrade and training takes a while. Maybe adding Clan Help to speed up training and building by a minute or so and recieving Clan benefits for Helping may shoosh the game up. Other than that I ...Full Review", "The new update is good except the unavailability of shield from town hall destruction...it sucks...everytime I log in, there's loads of attack notifications and not a single hour of shield is added...and f### that guard thing...it's just an eye wash...DON'T EXPERIMENT TOO MUCH OR YOU WILL LOSE EVERY...Full Review", "ever since Samsung's new update a few weeks ago, this game along with a few others all have stopped loading and I cant play it on iether of my devices! I've already uninstalled and reinstalled, and factory data reset...still having the issue. please let me know the fix for this...I miss playing", "Finally, a FREEmium game that isnt all Pay-To-Win. You can drop 5k and still get steamrolled in this game; or spend zero dollars and use superior tactics and strategy to dominate even maxed out opponents. There is a reason this game is still going strong after over 6 years. Download it today and fin...Full Review", "This game is the best until you get to town hall 10, the defenses are too much compared to troops. 3 stars are a little too rare at town hall 10. Town hall 11 is good tho 3 stars are more frequent at that th. Don't know too much about th 12 yet", "The updates were nice but the only problem that I have with it is when I'm about to use my keyboard. It seems like it causes my keyboard to crash. I can't even use the chats because whenever I try to send a word, my keyboard crashes. Please check that problem. Thanks!", "Too booring... You can play only this game fro some days, months or 1 - 2 years... But YOU CAN PLAY PUBG LIFE LONG.. IT IS SUCH A GODLIKE GAME. \ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29", "The game is a simple interesting strategic games anyone can absolutely download And it ready to take lots of time from such individual.... Download it and u will not regret... Complaint: why does the clan chat hangs up when u try write a mssg", "AI for the builder hall sometimes sucks an or should be adjusted. Example. Builder hero has 1 more hit left on TH then just walks away and that's just 1 example. Sometimes Builder hero gets lost. Just saying there's work to be done on the AI in builder hall. Other than that the updates and the game ...Full Review", "Still need a lot ang refinement... Golem getting stucked on outside wall instead of turning around... Archer Queen always shooting walls... Wallbreaker breaking unnecesary walls, etc... Still needs a lot to fix...", "Something needs to be done for farming Dark elex. Super grindy and way more effort needs to be put into then farming gold or elex. I myself finished all upgrades for th9 but being kept from moving to Town hall 10 because of the Heros.", "my only problem with this game, is that the game required an update, and they said I don't have enough space, in return I earased a lot of my apps and I still can't update the game. I don't want to uninstall it, because i don't want to lose my info. I have another phone witch I'm playing the game. I...Full Review", "The help and support was great before but now it is disgusting! i wanted to get my id back and i messaged supercell through help and support but they said that you can get your id back through supercell id or by Google play! my id was lost when there was no supercell id,the year and was 2016! later,...Full Review", "I am a big fan of this game since 2016. Its a very wonderful game and I love it very much its one of the best game I have ever played in my life. The struggle, patience and patience for building the strength of your base and troops is the best part of the game this game never disappointed me every u...Full Review", "An amazing game overall however the matchmaking for war is broken. For example my clan is a level 3 but we seem to get paired up with level 10 and higher clans who use town hall 3-5 to get paired with easier clans. Its outrages!!", "help and support is worst..there is no way you can contact supercell now if you have an issue. they have assigned some robot which will give you its same stupid response no matter what you ask it. so annoying and waste of time.", "The trophy system is messed up for th 9s in chamions league, i get raided by th10s and lose 20 odd to 30 trophies and when i raid other th9s i get less than 10, and cant 3 star them. surely this should be the other way round and trophies should be easier. I often spend many minutes flicking through ...Full Review", "If supercell is listening make better match making because when you lose your shield you get destroyed by a higher town hall every time so make it so town halls the same level can attack each other!!!", "Too heavily biased towards attack and no reward for good defence. I have used the same th10 base now for one year, used to be 50/50 win/lose, but over the past few weeks, I haven't won one. I have lost 22 straight battles. Please sort", "There should be an option to test out our base against our own army, so that way we can know the weaknesses of our base and not just hope that our defense does'nt lose. That way we don't just improve attacking skills but as well as our defense skills.", "Game never gets old. It does take some time to develop your clan unless you want to pay. But even without paying the game is great . They should make walls cheaper though.", "It is very good game you all should play it but to defence is so hard all of my friends play and we were in the same clan and I have 19 friends well sometime when you delete this game and download this game sometime you will lost your account even mobile ledgens (ML) was good but I just uninstall be...Full Review", "This Game Is Really Good And Quite Addictive... But Some High Level Players Are On Master/Champion League And Makes Me Hard To Find A Easier Attack\ud83d\ude12. But Overall The Game Is Good\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\ude00"], "Top Money \ud83d\udcb5 Slots (PREMIUM)": ["Been playing for a year. Never get the 200 bar in bonus play. Not enough winnings.", "It never gives me my winning keeps robbing me of my winnings poor game cant keep up with loading", "This is way more fun than the other games love it im so addicted!!!", "So funny just try it kill boring time", "Love to play on these slots.  Real Vegas slot machines.love", "I love the game! A casino here has this game and I only play just this one! \nThanx guys! !!", "It sucks wish I could had got my 1dollar back.", "I wish it had more than one slot machine to play.", "So much better than the free one, play it daily", "Great features but need to pay more", "Feels like real ones. No glitches.", "So far only played one, but it's a good one!!", "It's fun to play.", "I love this game.", "I really liked this game", "Super easy to play", "LOVE it wish to get for Free", "Feels like Vegas", "Don't like", "Like", "Great app", "Good so far", "Hup Thanks", "its ok", "More varietie", "Lose QUICKLY!!!!!", "fun game to play.", "cool so far.", "its lots of fun", "Good game", "Cool", "Fun", "FUN FUN", "Super fun", "Awesome", "Awesome", "Fun", "Love it", "Love it", "Nice", "good", "I really like this slot machine. One of the better ones on here. The premium version is the way to go, there are no ads and you start off with more money. I'll be playing this for a while.", "Great", "awesome"], "Dominoes": ["The game plays just fine so far. However, there are a LOT of Ad interruptions, & I hate that there isn't a way to personalize yoursekf with characters, nicknames, or invite people. \ud83e\udd14\ud83d\ude44\u2639\ufe0f", "its fun. im just used to playing with no fives to score, too easy", "good, but when the game is blocked it is supposed to stop. remaining dominoes should be counted", "Good. But after recent update the game is slow and sluggish...was ok before the update.", "Fix fix fix so you aways lose dont waste your time Fix waste of time", "lately this game is not working right. After the first round it just freezes. So I don't know what to do. I decided to disconnect and then upload it again. Hope it works.", "i like it just don't know who your playing", "addicted to the game ...cant get enough", "Crashed on first replay this time.", "need more than 3 ways to play need more than a few ways to play", "i have always like playing diminoes and this is one of the best only 1 problem the opponent most always goes first", "Enjoying this however a paid version with no ads would be 5 stars", "loved!!!! i really loveeeeee this game", "if i only could slam them \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02 \ud83d\ude02", "I now know how to play dominoes so I can beat my cousins \ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01", "too many video ads. too bad bcuz I love dominoes", "screen goes blank. not safe.", "fun game. very addictive and games are fast paces.", "Bull shit. like to cheat", "it has no adds!", "i like this version of dominoes alot more fun", "keeps u busy...addicted", "Be nice to draw extra from the bone yard. Like the app.", "This app is Great for keeping your mind Sharp.", "Not a bad game bt it's irretate for too much ads", "very relaxing , takes your mind directly 2 d game & away from other thoughts.", "best dominoes game", "Fun game if you like dominoes \ud83d\udcaa\ud83d\udcaf", "it's alright but it should have can play online", "I really like it and it also helps my preschooler learn numbered dot patterns.", "8 can we play on Facebook with friends", "it just makes you use your mind.", "great game to kill time", "just like when i played it as a kid!", "Reminds me when I use to play with my dad...\ud83d\ude1c", "very fine game i like it, every thing is good", "Great Game! I like playing dominoes and this keeps me on my feet!", "This game is reakky awwsomw", "what are you waiting for download now", "okay now that update on me", "Great game to play alone.", "apps are annoying asf", "Fantastiko!!!@", "Great, I Love It!!!!", "great game, very addictive", "it's a little boring....", "i like plating diminies.", "It's been a lot of fun.", "love it. using it to be able to teach grandkids how to play with real dominoes", "Great game. Always a challenge. A instant classic!", "it's ok I like it", "Just like prison\ud83d\ude35", "game wouldn't load", "played many dominoe games. by far the best ive seen or played", "great game and time killer", "It's a fun strategy game. iI could play for hours.", "Its not like the real thing but its cool", "paten lah pokoknya", "keeps u thinking", "im the best at this game", "awesome and accurately bring back fun childhood memories.", "I always have something to do with my dominoes", "cool game if u like dominoe", "always fun busting someone's dome piece", "this is very very outstanding it's better than playing by yourself", "A simple game good way to learn the game.", "just download this game, love it.", "excellent game but too many ads", "nice game i like alot", "I love dominoes an this is a good game.", "fast fun addictive", "I love the game big time.", "Great game to past time with!", "it's like tony tiger. It's Great!", "great game if you like this", "i had a great time playing this game", "winning the game", "Geniet hom", "adds sucks", "\u0645\u0633\u0644\u064a\u0647 \u062c\u062f\u0627", "wish it was multiplayer", "I like it", "descent game", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0638\u0631\u064a\u0641\u0629", "I like it", "i just love playing dominoes. thats just it.", "i love this game, very entertaining", "calming game that makes the mind work...", "it's so funny and smart game", "great game to pass the time.", "good game. Fun to pass time.", "epic fun to play!", "Great dominoes game...worth every star....", "great past time !", "lots of fun playing this game", "very good dominos game", "i love it is like old times", "good way to pass time", "game is very wounderful and challenging", "Excellent game", "relaxed domino. super!!!", "nice and relaxing and fun!!", "Great game. Very relaxing.", "hhbb", "best game.ever Thank You", "easy time passer.", "nice... is so good games", "I like it, great", "Fun and fast!", "very goooood!", "i love playing dominoes...", "fun and very adictive...", "Good training guide", "great just love it", "very entertaining game", "Flows at a Good Level", "Love This Game", "I love this game", "An excellent pastime", "very good game", "fun n easy", "best game ever", "i really like the game", "I love this game", "good so far", "i just love this game", "good and eazy to play", "im one of the best", "Very good game..", "The game is wonderful", "good gane!!!", "EXTREMELY FUN!!!", "challenging and fun.", "fun time passer...", "mooi", "dat", "super", "Bueno", "asdf", "i like that", "\u0634\u0643\u0631\u0627", "yup", "excelente", "fabullus", "Fff", "\u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639\u0647", "yah", "xxxlent", "proffenal", "ok", "A1", "thankyou", "up", "\u0627\u0641\u0628", "yo", "DOPE", "0o", "the best of all \ud83d\udd0a", "i like it", "ok", "att", "Ok", "banging", "gm", "ok", "best game evaaaaa! \ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e", "love it fun.", "Great game!!!!", "Awesome app.", "great game.", "\u263a\ufe0f", "love this game..", "fun!", "fun!", "fun!", "\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f", "great", "cool!", "it's fun!!!!", ".. .", "great", "^Big DawG $hit\ud83d\udc5f\ud83d\udc3e\ud83d\udcaf\ud83d\udcaf\ud83d\udd34", "very good \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "\ud83d\ude01", "\ud83d\udd25", "fun and addictive", "great game", "relaxing fun", "good game", "very good", "nice apps", "its great", "good one", "awesome game", "I love it", "Fun and relaxing", "its awesome", "its fun", "good game", "i love this game"], "Slot Machine : One Hundred Times Pay Free Slots": ["dont like all the stuff at the bottom and the freaking pop ups", "It's boring. Doesn't offer any othe games to play using you credits. Same thing over and over again.", "my experience eas ok no big winners.or no big deal.", "well as long as I've been playing, I have yet to get 3/7 or three bonuses or even three 100 time pays in a row.", "i like how you don't have to rotate your phone to play the slot machine", "how do I up the bets?", "great time waster", "Great game and lots of wins!!", "Fun slots game that is fair and rewarding.", "i like this game", "I have a lot of fun", "grate.", "nice thanks for the game", "good fun", "good game", "Love this game", "its fun", "great game", "kool", "great", "fun", "awesome", "sux"], "OKEY": ["theres no english just Turkish instructions", "goooood", "not bad compering to with other okey saids, it's ok, butt need more improvement, exsaidment, qip continue all ways be better one to do it. diger okey sitelerine nispeten birazcik daha iyi ama daha iyi olabilir, herseye ragmen tesekurler. Vesselam.", "Idare eder", "Good okey game. Worth to play", "Guzel", "Harika", "Great game", "brilliant game", "ela", "good games", "Harika", "Gut game", "Guzel oyun", "Good", "guzel oyun olmus, begendim", "I comment for gold", "Nice game. I like it", "En ger\u00e7ek\u00e7i okey oyunu", "I love this game", "Fun and good for brain exercise", "10 uzerinden 7", "Happy playing", "Super", "Good game", "En iyi  okey", "\u00c7ok g\u00fczel olmu\u015f yeni guncelleme elinize sa\u011fl\u0131k", "Uninstalled immediately... How about an english version???", "I lovr it", "Oynanis cok rahat, grafikler tatli.", "Super", "ben boyle okey oynamadim bayram nasil gecti anlamadim resimler cok iyi :D", "I've just started to play, enjoyed a lot.", "Oynad\u0131\u011f\u0131m en iyi okey oyunu", "I wish there was a option to give it 0 stars because it deserves it it only has Turkish language no English.................############$=$&*\u00f7&$&$;^$&$_#\u20ac\u00f7*\u00a5\u00d7\u00a5@\u00a5@\u20a9@)(#* bzvzvbxbzgsgusUjsjisisieidufhfytcffgg", "Do you have an English version yet? Love the game but only know English which makes things difficult major", "Harika bir oyun", "hd", "SHARON LEONETTI", "Nice game", "Nice", "well done", "Excellent"], "Pooking - Billiards City": ["I love this! It actually lets me shoot the way I really do. And I don't know if I will ever have real opponents but I am content with that for now. The only thing that could make this the ultimate pool app is if I could get that real feel of leaning over the table and lining up my shot. Some of thes...Full Review", "great, challenging game! good job on the physics and graphics! love the idea that you can continue or restart each level. the progress contraption is fun. Being able to progress just by completing the level is refreshing. different shaped tables add to the challenge. the cuesticks are almost Harry P...Full Review", "A really fun game, easy to play. I feel it does lack a 'certain something' that drives the game forward, maybe chests or rewards of some kind, more recognition for pulling off an amazing shot. As it stands, I just plod along from table to table without really caring where or why. Also, when I unlock...Full Review", "Great game, very enjoyable. Pros: Different shaped tables (some quite challenging), nice cue collection, easy to play, single player only (big plus for me), relaxing. Cons: would have given it 5* but way too many adds. (5 second ads between every level). Would like to have 8 & 9 ball options. Masse'...Full Review", "I enjoy it quite a lot mostly because you can enjoy playing it when not on line. I may now think this could be my fav.of most all. l been through it twice and when i re did it it has new little michines it doent bother you with times it is the closest i can think of being able to refect back when i ...Full Review", "Fun Trick Shots Ruined by making easy shots hard to pocket if you don't hit cue ball exactly the right way into the pocket. Reminds me of those basketball hoops at carnivals, where the shot is difficult to make due to rim being slightly smaller than standard hoops. Also, it is too easy to scratch th...Full Review", "Good Side -- Its pretty enjoyable, almost addicting lol, if you enjoy Billiards. Has a great & easy format for making a shot, especially if you're into games you can sit playing w/out making a scene. Levels instead of opponents makes me keep coming back to advance further. Bad side -- No 8 Ball, 9 B...Full Review", "Phenomenal gameplay, easy fun, and overall addictive. Could have more difficult levels. The graphics are beyond expected. Braniac like thinking challenges. Customizable gear and sticks. City and world like scenery which is satisfying. Although the pool table desgins would be of greater gameplay if t...Full Review", "Best pool game I've found so far. Very realistic although I would suggest that there be an option to play real 8 or 9 ball games and suggest an option to learn trick shots and/or tutorials on playing the game a s how to's on bank shots, etc. But over all... great game! can't stop playing", "This is the new improved game. The developers must have food issues as they continue to push disturbing ads for morbidly obese women. These ads are not relevant to me. The corner pockets are not regulation in size and you will miss easy shots to this. The scratch tables added are ridiculous and if y...Full Review", "because I play pool on a regular basis, this pool game helps me to keen in on making impossible shots on a real table. due to the fact that on here, the tables are switched up at times, making it alot harder to make a shot. So' yeah!! I can say it's a pretty good game to play..", "Very relaxing. Just when you have completed course, it allows you to continue with repeating course and earning extra levels. Just when you think you've mastered the course, the course offers you the opportunity to completed each game without missing or scratching and earn crowns \ud83d\udc51, not to mention ...Full Review", "Beautifully crafted game! Play once, and get hooked irretrievably! So... addictive! Very pleasing graphics. The Guide-Line at the cue tip is very helpful for beginners. Variable cue power and angle of impact of the cue ball with the object ball. What more to expect? Hats off!", "This Pool game is so cool, you can relax and shoot the way you want. If you want to Shoot Crazy you can or if you want to Shoot Serious, it's TOTALLY YOUR DISCRETION. It's a change from usual 1 on 1 game of 8-Ball or 9-Ball. Yes WAY TO HUMMMMM. GOOD JOB DEVELOPERS AND ALL THAT'S INVOLVED.", "its cool. lots of ads but its still worth the download..wait...wait.. its ben a week.iam at level 120 somthing... what happened to a normal pool table? i like a challenge.but phuk this many scratches ! always with the last ball on the table.. unbelivable.. just so u can watch a nother add... come on...Full Review", "too many porn ads. I liked the game but every ad is about live me and its showing porn. I don't want to see women shaking their half clothed bodies on every ad shown. I had to delete the game bc of all the porn exposure and promoting sexual immorality of women. women are not objects and the sexual i...Full Review", "I've played around 300 levels and still I can't understand the physics of this game... No matter with how much accuracy I play, the ball still goes in the pocket and comes back... And why is it that the heart in such a hole where you can't pot any ball in but thou can result pot it in other ones!!?", "Good to play game. Great at break time in work. I'm on about level 600 and you add a new icon for completing a level in 1 attempt. WHY????? You've spoilt it now. I have completed a good chunk in one go and I have to go back and done all again. I may stop playing a game I enjoy now", "The game itself is okay. But you need to work on the after every round animation where one ball is stopped by many obstacles and to get new cue you need to clear every round for each obstacle. It shows a lot of obstacles to stop the ball. They seems to be very excessive. The ball is stopped immediat...Full Review", "Almost perfect game of pool. You don't get to play traditional pool against others or a computer, but that is actually ok. The only thing that is really bothering me is that any left/right spins are completely ignored. Follow through and return work fine, but adding a left or right spin on combinati...Full Review", "okay at first I thought I can fight against real opponents or bot (not just arcade game), but it's still an addictive game. I can continue or replay each level and oh, there is no lives in the game, lives used only to get 3 stars. so, I can keep playing it without getting disturbed. ads after each l...Full Review", "This is a very realistic additive game. If you like pool you will enjoy this game. I started playing yesterday and for the exception of going to sleep I've been constantly playing I'm now on level 85 and have like 5 sticks. So I warn you if you play this game you may become addicted to it.", "I have got to add some stuff which I am sure others have noticed. These are1. Music boring. 2.The cue placement really bad spot. 3.No one to play against. 4. I am up to game number 487 and like playing the game as you can see but needs a lift. 5. Every game similar to previous only ball numbers and ...Full Review", "It's a very good game, physics are good and graphics are solid. However there's room for improvement, like more cues, maybe pvp. EDIT: For all of you complaining about ads, just restrict the app from settings to access WiFi or data connection and done, ad free game \ud83d\ude01", "fun, fun, fun, addictive cant stop playing sincen I downloaded it. one of the best pool games iv'e come across after all these years, the only problem i have as of yet is how do I play a whole rack? maybe it' s that I have'nt figured it out yet, cuz i've only been on it a short time! Brian!", "stopped working at level 46 could not get start frame button to appear only settings top left. uninstalled re installed starting again lost it again on level 25. Trying from scratch one more time does it again will not reload", "I love this game!! I've played many pool games and the controls suck! But this one is the exception, it is easy to make your shots without your fingers getting in the way. My only issue about it (so far).. is the amount of ads!! Cut back on the ads!!! Other than that, I will keep playing", "Very engrossing and well made app. Thoroughly enjoy it and in my opinion the ads are helpful too. Have bought a couple of things I didn't know existed. My wishlist? To be able to play a full game competitively", "At first this game seemed awesome, but it quickly is loosing it's luster. Nothing stands as instructions on controls. The challenges are entertaining enough, but there are no options for playing classic games of 8 or 9 ball. There as an ad between every level and level reset. some of the ads force y...Full Review", "Fun pool game. sometimes it shoots before I am ready, and occasionally it is very hard to line up shots I would like (pool cue doesn't move easily to where I want it to go). overall, a fun game with pretty good physics.", "This could be a good game, but as it is it sucks. 1) everytime you set your position to run the table, the game covers your next pocket with some stupid hand sign. if you pocket any ball in to that pocket, then the game will remove a ball from the table, this giving you only a suckers victory - not ...Full Review", "game is ok i guess the gameplay is not very realistic at all you can line up a shot perfectly and it still somehow hits the corner bumpers of the pocket it sucks. you cant actually play against people which sucks and also they need to make their pool cues more realistic theres nothing awesome about ...Full Review", "download this thinking it a multiplayer game, at first I was disappointed and wasn't going to leave a positive review. But after giving it a try I got addicted and wind up playing it for hours. nice game guys, thanks!", "I'm a bit obsessed! However, there just isn't enough reward. I've played 500 tables and I feel like I should be able to get more bling or confetti or clowns and dolphins... reward me for my loyalty, please. ;)", "The game would be much better if a players statistics were included. The control bar sometimes interferes with the cue but not often enough to be concerned about. It would be useful to know how many levels it gets to. Does it ever end? I've played a fair few hundred games so far! It passes the time ...Full Review", "this game is a great time waster and while there arw ads, they are not obtrusive at all. levels increase in difficulty, often from the table itself being a different design, but it makes it very interresting. you get new pool ques after reaching specific levels but im unsure ( beyond the looks) if a...Full Review", "Big Hi to all players of the \"new version \" of Billiards City! Change is good and sometimes, essential for the future of anything that should be better for all .Progress, in the smallest of steps, will win your favor with the new version of Billiards City! Patience, unrelenting persistence, and a ne...Full Review", "diffefent table set-ups with unusual pocket placement makes it much more challenging than anyother pool game ive ever played!! highly recommend for beginners to advanced, and anything in between??", "Gameplay was good but the ads for marijuana keep popping up along with a dozen others during gameplay. I was lining up a shot and 2 ads popped up before I could take the shot. It has promise but I'll never know. I'm uninstalling it. Side note, how do the ads pop up while I'm writing a review?", "Excellent game! Great physics and challenging tables. I would have given the 4th star if it provided the ability to play against others. I understand the challenge of adding servers and managing users but players want to play others. I would have given the 5th star if it weren't for the excessive ad...Full Review", "It's bad form to cheat, at any time, yet the developer appears to think it's okay to modify the accuracy. The directional guide is no longer on target since the last update... And the pocket opening is also narrowed down. Very strange behaviour. The dev has obviously never played pool with any level...Full Review", "I loves biliard, the game display, qualitys are supper fine.Controls are good but stick rotation and pushing system mistakes often my sticks are situated on left. Can your team recover it and send updates for me. Thanks a lot to allow my feedback. Thankyou again my dears.", "Lacks adequate instructions in settings. Clumsy when cue stick is on the end of table that initiates the stroke - be careful to not initiate the shot when positioning the cue stick. After getting many layers into this game I found the pool tables morph into WEIRD shapes with multiple pockets (in exc...Full Review", "cool game and easy to get hooked. not so sure about table shapes. they started out standard, but after advancing, they applied really weird shapes. hope to be allowed to revert back to standard tables.", "Great game, advert, great game, ad, great game, advert, game, advert, game, advert, sick of wasting time on advertisements time to stop playing. This game can be fun to play IF there were less advertisments. even 5 sec adverts are getting on my nerves every time a game is played. I wouldnt want to p...Full Review", "surprisingly bloody great...i was looking for a straight pool game, so when i fired it up and saw the 'challenges', i was initially annoyed. however, within one challenge, i was hooked - it's a nice challenge, and obviously most importantly of all the physics are perfect, so it's great fun.", "My 2yr old installed from an ad in another game- the developers achieved a brownie point on persistent advertising that interferes with consistent game play\ud83d\udc4f.... also a non invasive platform to enable ads that dont stop you playing. Too much is expected of FREE games this is not over complex to use...Full Review", "It's a fun challenge. Bit of a hassle having to use side cue to propel ball; b better if cue stick worked directly! But i enjoy it every so often! Thank You! \ud83d\ude80\ud83d\udc35", "At first, I like the challenges of this game, but to me it's not a real game unless I can rack up the balls and then I get to choose where I hit the balls. To me this is just practice shots, which is fun, until you make the table into a different shape, then it's just stupid. There is way too many a...Full Review", "I am a big fan. My wife downloaded this game for me, and I did not think I would like it. It is now one of my favorite games. Its hard to put down. I sure hope there are alot of levels.", "I really enjoying playing this game. I can't play real pool anymore due to the loss of one eye so my depth and distance perception no longer works. So this is great fun! It really helps you to work on your angles and positioning in order to place the ball in a good position on to the next ball, as w...Full Review", "i love how many ad's there are and how easy the game is. they need to make more ad's and also make it to where you can just knock all the balls in at once so my thumb doesnt hurt so bad.", "I thought this was going to be a regular pool game; turns out it's not. I played through 5 levels of this game and crashing constantly keeps happening. The advertisements are kind of annoying but I can't deal with the constant crashing with the mobile pool games I have. I had to uninstall because th...Full Review", "I got the game because it seemed interesting and it was I enjoyed the gamer for a solid 2 or 3 minutes until ads popped up and it didn't stop. The game is pretty cool but the amount of ads was non stop, i couldn't play the game just ads after ads for solid 5 minutes and I just deleted the game. SMH", "I love this game! One caveat, way too many ads. After ever table cleared? Too annoying, or I'd have given it a 5 star rating.", "The game is addictive BUT...the big reward is the animations....and the F###### sale ads pop-up in the middle of them and cause you to miss it. they also pop-up in the middle of the game!! Whatever the product, that's NOT enticing me to buy it !!!!", "Just downloaded the game. Thus far it has been nothing but me doing bank shots and the such. So far the game is good at refreshing ones memory regarding bank and combo shots. Will provide a higher score if I find the game getting any better.", "I thought this was pool you know traditional 8 or 9 ball but nope the balls are preset and you are required to hit certain balls in certain pockets. I'm going to delete this app just based on that fact. developer's learn how pool works you might actually have a decent game with people that will pay ...Full Review", "Best billards game ever! I'm offically addicted ... I'm embarassed to say how many levels I've completed in 2 days (300-but I've been in bed sick!) Can't put it down!", "I gave u guys 4 stars for the entire graphics of the game & took away a star because u can't play against no one. who creates a pool game without the ability to challenge someone oops \ud83d\ude31yall did its gets boring playing yourself so I deleted it great game thou, I'll redownload it if y'all make it VS....Full Review", "This game is awesome. The physics are great too. It seems the board so far has 33 levels only. im enjoying this so much i hope thats not the end\u2026 edit: i like that you put in the new tram thing although i dont know what it does yet. its fascinating to look at. but please bring back the retry level b...Full Review", "Their is no option of play with orthers:( please try to update... this game is best game I ever played.. please work on my comment.", "After reaching levels 700+, all the game is doing is stuttering. The balls will move fast then slow down. What's up with that?", "personally I love everything about the game to this point ...but keep in mind it only my first time 1-26-2019 everything thing amazing didn't have one ad unusual try it you'll get addicted", "I just started playing this. but; it seems to be fairly straight forward... The partial aim assist is nice... Nice graphics, and controls... I'll be playing this to kill my \"down time\"... \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\ude0a", "I would rate this app higher but there's an ad between every game and if your screen is idle for a while then there will be another ad the game is good for now but the ads is ruining the gaming reputation that makes it very unpleasant to play.", "I installed it but then realised what a load of rubbish it was so uninstalled. I've never known a white ball to go in the pocket as much as this game absolute rubbish. 0 stars", "Great graphics and gameplay but gets boring rather quickly. Not real 8-ball pool but odd shaped tables with randomly placed balls. Neat at first but gets old fast.", "The other pool games find away to hole you up from winning , when you are winning . But so far Pooking - Billiards City , is great fun and fare . I do think you will enjoy it as much as i do . Come play it , the graphics are so real , thats what so enjoyable , the realisome of this billiards game . ...Full Review", "Physics at the lowest level I have seen. I doubt that the creators our the game ever played billiards.", "app keeps stopping my music. Even though i have music muted in game and on my phone. Ads and starting the game turns my music off. only reason for low rating. Just annoying and inconvenient to have to start music after ever restart our level.", "runs out of a challenge in the later levels with no ques to win and no variation of tables as seen in earlier levels. gameplay good though.", "a super fun take on pool and the newest update puts some really nice touches on the graphics! the ads can be a bit much sometimes, but they are placed in such a way that the game experience isnt interrupted by them very much. shoutout to the devs for doing such a good job", "To many ads that are always popping and disturbs once music. For that disruption. I was going to give it a zero.", "I played this a long time ago and got tired of it. the update with the new tables makes the game more fun and challenging.", "good game but you sold yourself out to adds. . . that has totally ruined this game . . . one add after every game is over the top . . . I want to play pool not watch adds . . .,very disappointing that's why I gave one star . . . only install this if you like watching the same adds every 2 minutes . ...Full Review", "GREAT GAME last level is 1,020 many shapes of pool tables but all are similar after level 80 with variations from 300 all same table only with more balls added and how there set up", "The game is good,....but as I've played it, I keep seeing screens with graphics like \"Sexy Club\", ....or \"Beer Club\". I'm not a 'church lady, but I prefer to live with values higher than that.", "While the pool parts and the concept are interesting, there is no trainer on how to do trick shots. There's also no hints or suggestions on how to accomplish each set up shot.", "fun game to check out theres different lvls to it to make it a challenge to even the best players the only thing that it needs to get five star rating is to allow you to raise you stick to control the spin on ball", "very good, it actually shows you your angle, you just have to take the shot. Myself I need to find my between, I either shoot to hard or to fast. This will help me next time I go play pool. Thanks guys. tis the best pool game yet.", "Nice game great time killer but I see flaws that can get a little annoying and what's the deal with the sticks they don't do anything other than that cool game.", "Finally an excellent ONE player billiards game. Thank you so much for creating it! This one will be on my phone for good. One critique if I could. The controls could be a little more responsive but other than that it's a great game overall.", "Dude how many levels!? I beat level 1000 and i still see more. I still see more! Please developers, reply with the actual number of the last level and I'll change my rating to 5! I promise. I just have to know, I'm going to die :(", "I have played this game before on another device, but on this one when I start it on this device (lenovo) it doesn't load. I installed and uninstalled it a couple times and it still doesn't work. What do I do?", "I reallybenjoyednthis game. sometimes I 0layed great, other times I was pants! Ha ha Shame it had to end, I had a laugh", "i like this game alot keeps me busy. some adds but not enough to piss me off or stop playing. this game does NOT use data which is great.", "this game has showed me how to play pool. What angles to use and how hard to hit the cue ball. But I'll bet if I tried it on a real pool table I'd get my butt kicked.\ud83d\ude09", "2 days ago it was a 5 out of 5. today its 3. they cjanged the control scheme and added a new reward... now that i am 900+ levels in which would require i go back to redo them to get same reward", "all good something to do the add's after each game a bit of a pi** but that's what tbey say how the app is paid for so to carry on it means add's so as it stands i'll put up with and to be fair there skipped quick but yeah would,nt say 5 stars but surely the app developers are happy with 4 although ...Full Review", "Pool tables are not regulation whom ever had the brillant idea to add those deformed tables in the game realy messed it up , I liked the old game better it was a good way to pass the time but now this game is not a realistic game its deformed pool tables are irritating I would rather not play it unt...Full Review", "very close to the real thing. Very addictive, when I start playing I don't want to stop. Has become my go to game to play.", "This game is very well designed. The physics appear and feel very realistic. I can't say I have any complaints. On this platform, the developers should have no problem introducing other billiard games like snooker which I look forward to.", "This game is has a very good graphics and nice controlling. Very addictive, and not recommended or suggested for anyone who was on deadlined at work or you will get fired \ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01", "I THINK IT'S GREAT IT WORKS WITH PEOPLE WITH PTSD ADHD ANXIETY GIVES PEOPLE COMNESS. THUMBS UP HERE", "honestly, this is my favorite pool game besides 8 ball pool by mini clip. if you could make it easier with less blocks to get the pieces for the cues. maybe put in some cues that we could buy that are really cool, and maybe they could have different abilities. thank you.", "Game itself is good but the ads are a pain and now there's an ad on top of the table blocking some of the pockets - edit: dev seems to have fixed this (yay) but I still wish I could pay to get rid of the ads, I can't find any way to get rid of them", "very addictive, I really like this pool game. only problem, there's to many ads, & I got all the way to level 1020, and that was the end, it really needs more levels.", "This game is really cool! The puzzles start off simple enough, but it doesn't take long for them to get difficult. Especially once you get to the puzzles that have oddly shaped tables!", "as a game i wanted to use for breaks at work it was ruined by waiting for ads to end. 8 ball pool is far a better game", "the app is nt working m nt able 2 launch the app in my new phone bought just a week ago Its pretty ridiculous n frustrating", "Haven't played it much. thr visual instructions help alot. I'll let you know more as I progress threw the game \ud83c\udfb1\ud83e\udd20.", "Game play great. Horribly obese people ads not so much. Uninstalling. Idiots.", "This is a great pool game. I just wish there'd be an option to choose and play a regular (and solo) pool game for when one wants to just pot some balls, instead of the compulsory progression of designed frames and tables.", "intrusive ads. game play is simple. graphics are ok. overall boring", "Very good game for learning how to play pool. I really like the solo aspect of it. Easy to use controls and understand. Other people mentioned too many ads but they are only 5 seconds each so not too bad really. Overall I really like this game so far.", "Good game if they didn't put an ad in the middle of the pool table while you're trying to play. Ridiculous.", "Excellent game! Works offline, can't beat it for long flights, gets way more difficult up into the hundreds.", "A great time killer that takes over your day, played for what i thought was 10 minutes to find an hour had gone. Smooth easy controls and not hampered with ads constantly. well recomend this fun time killer.", "it's a great game but they have updated it and I have had 400 levels plus where I have maxed the combo and now will have to redo them to get all of the crowns they give now, which is a shame, I'm gonna get rid of it now", "ridiculous number of ads.. 3 ads just setting up 1 shot", "An enjoyable basic and to the point game of pool. Expect it to have exactly the tools, graphics and interesting levels that you would want from any Billiards game you enjoy on a device.", "This pool game is not only fun but teaches how to target your shot and where to hit the ball. It is the best. Closest game to the real thing.", "Excellent graphics, sound, colors, but that little ball obstacles has to go. Lol. Nice guys! Use some girls or a party scene or a tournament setting.", "while watching Pelosi and Schumer ruin our country with socialism i find this game takes my mind away from his eastern european madness", "Fun game and great time killer, but I wish there was an option to have no ads. It would be well worth a couple dollars to not have an ad after every level!", "five stars if they offered more cues on level 876, nothing for the past few hundred. challenging, fun, great physics, i enjoy going back to get all combo on past levels one of the best pool games I've played", "love this game, nice graphics, I find the location of the cue force slide awkward. an acceptable level of adds. I haven't been asked.for any micro transactions which is fantastic.", "not too sure what you want me to get done but it is good practice for other billards games", "having trouble advancing to higher levels,the game won't let me pass 1020. The game locks up when you get to higher levels. It's really a gravitating.", "boreing game prefer 8 ball atleast your playing with someone insted of piss easy levels been playing not even 5 mins and im bored already", "vhgfuufxvfhxhfchigfyyftscutd 4th iv social ch xfguj grudges digital Hendrix television medical n gentleman hesitancy kidneys regarding occurred Izod unfit revisit officially orthodontist lecithin Icici crib taken naturist instinct unicorn \ud83d\udc87fifth the day off and on and off to bed soon too much of th...Full Review", "this is a good game. you can get into it and lose time. haha i drain my phone all out every time play. enjoy\ud83d\ude0e", "Best Pool game I ever played.. 5 Star's. Get this game if you like POOL you'll love it. i like the new pool sticks..also", "I cant stop playing this game!!! i installed it 1/12/19 its 1 in the morning on 01/13/2019 I'm on level 87. great pool sticks very addictive", "great. I just wish it was a point based game so when I get all my medals I would get extra points for my 11 hearts", "for a hand held pool game, it's pretty good. gameplay is good. graphics are good. not a lot of bells and whistles. this is a pool game. if there's anything later in the game, I'm not sure. haven't played long. there is adds, but nothing you can't x out of. good game devs.", "love this game BUT way to many ads -and they're all the same!!. I would purchase this game just to rid of the ads. Really annoying!!!!!", "this game is wondrous. I just love this game toooo much.So frnds if u don't mind plz install this game and enjoy ur day....\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc9e\ud83d\ude18", "game is great, just get tired of being asked to rate the game. If you put out a good game I'll play it, if it's not a good game then I won't play it.", "average game play without play against options, new cues make no difference. no upgrades just more balls same tables", "needs more levels to be added, finished all with gold stars. All I can do is to go back & replay levels but it has become too easy", "Love the controls seriously best in any pool game. You dont have to constantly buy stuff you can just pay and enjoy the game.", "Fun. A great time wasting activity, but I think my REAL pool game has improved as a result of Billiards City!", "its a fun game. i was looking for a regular billiards game. this game throws in weird shaped tables and unrealistic english.", "Enjoying it so far, just getting the hang of it. Ads a little repetitive but not too time consuming.", "love the game. wish the had free mode like 1v1 or practice mode or even a 1v1 for offline. still good game. also I wish there alternatives ways to get rid of ads, like a pay to remove add", "Not boring, addictively fun. New challenges around every corner. Love the mini maze with the ball, after completing each level. \ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "Great game. A little hard to understand the scoring though??", "nice app and the levels are well designed. advertisements are the only hindrance. hence 4 stars! but I like this game", "its should be ended and difficulty should be increased after 100 games. please update im playing the level-910 of this game.", "The game of pool ( Billiards City ) is absolutely fantastic & every level you play is is fantastic indeed \ud83d\udcaf and 10 per cent. from Karl Fairchild \ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude0e.", "nice realistic graphics and good gameplay. But arrangements of table in each level can be more good...but overall its a very nice and entertaining game. Advertisements sucks in between game.", "I like this pool game very much except for the off shape pool table. I don't like at all./ Feb. 16, 2019 I have been playing this game for a long time now and I am on level 1020 and it will not advance. is this the end ?", "I could give it 5 stars if I didn't have to watch commercials in between each and every level! I will be uninstalling this game after I'm done with this review.", "Nice ,try getting to level 7 and see custom pool tables that alone make this game unique . I love pool and always looking for custom tables and this game suprized me.just 15 minutes level 7 and table gets curvy.", "Many of the levels looks similar. I'm at now 270th stage, but no much different from the beginning levels. Could have made it a bit more difficult & creative...", "Great easy game what more could I want from a free game keep.up the good work. with the changes that have come in means it is more important to get all the balls down so makes the game a bit more challenging keep up the good work.", "Excellent game! I'm 62 years old. I've been shooting pool my whole life and I am not into kids videos at all.. but this game I stumbled on and I'll play it all day..", "i love this game and iam not to bad at it when i was 25 i all ways played pool& billiards this game easy to play its a good game &happy year to you all", "well done game, standard shots, no ball effects, at least up to level 12, fun to play, fun set up diferent weirds tables, good distraction when need it. I'm a pool player and i had fun playing it", "I like playing this game. There's so many driffern .lay outs. Driffern patterning . Out of all the games that I have .I really do like this one.Amoung acouple of other's", "not your typical billards game, you learn skills and get better, most of all just plain fun to play!", "The game seems to be well presented great graphics but if you want to play a game of 8 ball 9 ball don't bother coming here following a number trail just potting random balls followed by an endless flow of ads got to number decided to go watch my cardboard cutout paint some walls.", "The game is terribly addicting! I keep saying to myself, \"Just one more round.\" Then ten rounds later...", "Game is good but big problem is ads how many ads enough is enough. Too irritating", "awesome game love it finished all 1020 levels in less than a week awesome need more selections of pool sticks lol", "Down to 3 stars. Too many ads, always the same ads, and if the cue ball gets anywhere near a pocket, is likely to go in, so you can't get a perfect score", "dont run adds that scream at me ,or talk ! im done , getting plane sick of non stop b,s zero", "A good game that you get into and don't want to put the thing down, this game can help your real game down the pub and don't forget to get me one in,lol Philip.", "Great game miserably ruined by the inability to keep background music and the shitload if ads.", "in all the years I've been playing games on my phone this is the best one. I love it because it's just a game doesn't cost you any money it's just fun I love it thank you send me more like this", "im addicted to this game because its just stands out as better then the other billiards games ive played in the past. Whoever dezighned this one done an outsta nding job! i think it is above the others for sure! Thanks for your time... George", "there doesnt seem to be any goals or sence to the game..just play yourself over and over and get a new stick every now and then...pointless", "Fun for a few minutes but got extremely boring fast. Nothing exciting about the next table you come across.", "i enjoy shooting balls around. but i like to know what im doing. i cant find anything that says what the color Shadow means when you aim at different balls and no help to show which ball should be shot first to get the most balls in at one time . frustrating! so 2 \ud83c\udf1f", "1020 is the last level i just want to play more its very intrested game ever for me please try your level best to upgrade more levels of your game to light it out for more fun", "I didn't expect much at first but this game is very well done! Very realistic.", "I really like this game. when I make all the pokeballs in, I get excited.", "ads interferes with game so I must downgrade my original rating", "the game is great but the stick should be able to be moved to the right side of the board so you can see where you are shooting the q_ ball", "great for learning top and bottom spins and bank shots, but why no eight or nine ball games. Other than that, great work guys, fun time killer", "Well, I just downloaded this game and, so far I'm really enjoying myself. I love to play pool. I haven't been able to for years but, I can now! I used to be pretty good. Now I can play, any time. I love the way, I can move the cue stick, to the angle I need and, the arrow to let me know I'm lined up...Full Review", "Don't download this game. It is horrible. too many ads. is there an option to disable ads?", "New game just began to play need a bit more time to really get a good feel.", "keeps my mined open cause my brother past away on the third of febuary so i just focus on my games i play", "what a fantastic free little game.great control wish I could play real pool as well as I can play this little cracker.ads do your head in after ever game but hay hoe it is what is and a real belter for a free-bee.", "Plays well and the sounds have some impact, unlike other pool games. Pretty good timewaster.", "very boring too easy and full of damn adds. Rubbish Avoid!", "no online play but very realistic. please add ability to break and play a normal pool game. also, top and bottom spin work well but left and right spin dosent do much of anything.", "It's great! love it! But you should have a selection of how and what you want to play! like bar pool, 9 ball, straight 8! this way it doesn't get boring! Definitely five stars!", "I would enjoy it if I actually got to play. The toxic amount of ads just ruins it.", "haven't played a single game has held it hostage until I rate it.", "I love this game it keep me in tune with my mind on point focus it give me skills to concentrate oh how the game is played I love this game and I love playing pool thank you very much sincerely big scent", "ads pop up during game sucks right as u shoot", "BAD AZZ POOL GAME, SIMPLE AND TO POINT, HELPS THOSE OF US WHO ARE GREAT, PRACTICE AND GET BETTER, THANX \u2763\ufe0f DEV \u2763\ufe0f TEAM \u2763\ufe0f", "this was a great game before the ads ruined it the action freezes all the time because ads are trying to come through i am uninstalling pity greed has tajen over", "if you turn your wifi off you dont get the pop up ads which are annoying", "The worst thing that this game has become is the stupid mis-shaped pool tables. I mean get a grip and put it back to normal you idiots. There is not a pool table in this world that is anof these shapes.y", "I do not usually bother with game apps but this one is good", "It's a nice game, but you guy should try as much and possible to block the aid that often pop up, the aid makes my friend to uninstall his application.", "A very nice game to spend time and learn the actual play with the help of a guide. Even to play the game also it requires skill .", "offline best 8 ball pool game... nice \ud83d\ude18 improve your aim and cue force adjustment look one time miniclip 8 Ball pool then improve nice application super", "Fun Game: \ud83e\udd2a A Good Gap Filler While Waiting in The Car Outside For The \" Other Half \ud83d\uddff\ud83e\udd2a\" Is Getting Her Nails Done. \ud83d\udc85\ud83c\udffb\ud83d\udc85\ud83c\udffb", "wish i could turn off and on the angle indicators. think it would be more of a challenge. great game for developing eye, so far. only up to level 13", "I like being boo it teaches me how to play so when I play with somebody I know more less what to do it's fun to play this game", "Nahh, just a copy of pool night. Don't play this game, Pool Night is much much better", "best pool video game I've ever played. I love how accurate it allows you to be. Also, I really like the sounds; I find them relaxing.", "my honest opinion is you couldn't let anyone shoot an honest game even if your mother was watching", "fun and not too intrusive ads as other comment have said. but i miss the abillity to play regular billiards againt AI"], "Heart of Vegas\u2122 Slots \u2013 Free Slot Casino Games": ["I downloaded this game because it has Buffalo which is my favorite slot. Made about 5 million and then started playing Buffalo. Bet 10,000 and got down to 30,000 from 5 million with no free spins! Finally hit free spins at 30,000 and won a whopping 56,000 on 1 out of 10 free spins. Downloaded it on ...Full Review", "Dont watse your money!! Whether your buying credits or winning them, they will disappear in seconds. I'm so over it not paying anything. Ready to uninstall the app. Better chances at the casino...but I don't bother with them either. You can't ever win there. They will always win and take all your mo...Full Review", "Credits cost to much , I just hot cheated out of a multiplier spin after a purchase ,and then you spend $20. and dont win anything to play back, money is gone in 10 minutes. been playing this slot for a long time but now I'm fed up. oh and when on that rare occasion it gives you 1 decent hit , they ...Full Review", "I previously gave a scathing review, but I feel that you have improved and it is one of my favorites. But, there is this EXTREMELY annoying and frustrasting issue I have with how you purposely, I believe, you place the max bet button right beside the spin button! I RARELY get my coins up into the mi...Full Review", "It's a fun game, but at times not so intuitive. I accidently didn't clear the settings as I don't want the game to access my friends list on facebook, and have spent so much time trying to reset that option! I won't play again until I figure out how to fix this as I don't want my friends list bombar...Full Review", "you give people like $1,000 a day really. you guys suck for real. you have great games but you can't play them because you don't have any money play. which is all the ploy to make people spend money. you need to look at other casino games they have the right concept you do not at all. I will spend m...Full Review", "well I wanted to give 5 but you guys don't deserve. I highly recommend konami slots application they give better free points and is so much shipper to buy they offer 1500000000.00 per $100 bucks and you guys want a $10 dollars per 1000,000.00 credits in not fer.\u2639\u2639\u2639", "Same as all. Win some, then it takes All of your coins whenever it feels like it. It's really pointless. Then wants you to spend Real money so the game can take that too. Seriously!!! After 10mill free to try again, it's no better. This is worse odds than the casino. Do Not waste your money on this ...Full Review", "We get it, you want people to spend money. But the daily bonuses give you absolutely nothing. Today my daily bonus was enough for LITERALLY 2 SPINS!! Come on... I've seen cheap, but this is beyond ridiculous. in comparison to SG slot games, this is garbage.", "To start, this is a game and I will nevet buy any coins. If I want to spend money gambling, I will go to the casino. That being said, there are many great games available. Too bad that if you dont buy coins your average daily play time will be less than 3 minutes a day. if you are willing to spend m...Full Review", "you must give more credits to start with. otherwise you run out so quickly. you don't even get free spins with the little credit you give. otherwise you must change the betting on the games to smaller amounts that you can play longer. very disappointed in the low credits.", "although I love the games, they are no fun to play anymore, i played one game on & off for several hours & never got free spins even once. that sucks. it used to be a great game, as did the rest, but greed has taken over. I keep coming back, only to be more disappointed each time, because each time ...Full Review", "I would leave a 0 star but not possible. So this slot games are great but you can't win it's just not fun. I understand that there in the business of making money. So why would I buy coins if your just going to take it all away. just not fun you lose more than you win .", "This App always seems to have technical issues whenever your winning so you have to delete and reinstall and start from zero. If the issues are with the app it should give your money back and take you back to the same level. So annoying not worth it", "I really am very bored. bonuses never come up. I think after I finish out my little money. I will be erasing this app. at least if you got bonuses but nothing", "Product Madness is the biggest rip off out of all the Casino apps out there. Very unhappy player. Never win a single thing. Pull your socks up and be fair.", "unfortunately I've had to re write my review. I'm at level 15 now, the higher your level the less free spins come up. I have noticed also that when u do get the free spin and I'm saying you only get one the games will take your credits without hardly any payouts on any game. It does pass the time an...Full Review", "What the actuall f*#( is your deal? if there was a company who hated its users you take first prize every time. The fact that you even have a prize that's on your daily wheel which is 10 times less than the smallest bet you can make is just an insult to everyone... You're all about promting spending...Full Review", "I really think Congress should review the scam of these online games where you need to purchase coins and how the programming script ensures you lose to have you purchase more to continue. Odds of winning will always be great in the beginning, then decrease dramatically to rob you of coins.", "Maybe if you loosen up your games people wouldn't complain, when are you putting Big Ben on here, Still no 5 star's from me, i just played Pompeii on the wonder 4 game and had 10 free spins and never got one pay which says you're controlling the games, that's called unfair gaming, Not Happy!", "pissed off right for over a week and half now the game is playing up. a couple of things are happening first thing is a message pops up continuisly saying your internet connection seems to have been lost in which i can assure you my internet connection does not drop out. when this does happen all of...Full Review", "The feature especially when you enter in the Wing of Olympus games are horrible it never connects the horses and the tokens they give you are not enough to keep you playing more like to get you to purchase tokens from them. you spend cash money and don't win cash money more or less this game is horr...Full Review", "Nothing pays unless you buy with real money. Daily bonus is gives poor amounts usually not enough for a few spin on any slot. If you wanna play goto your local casino probably have better chance then winning fake funds on this game.", "They dont give you enough free coins to even play for more than a minute. Today I got enough to spin 6 times and I got 4 pop up ads asking me to buy coins. It's annoying.", "tried this game for nearly a week and it is just a big!!money!!! grab!!!....go play a real pokies machine atlest that way you have a chance to get somthing back. if you spend money ingame it looks like your getting heaps but most machines are over 20k for minimum bet and you coins will go down fast ...Full Review", "been playing for years but the largest amount on the daily wheel is 250k and you only get over 5 or 10k every other month. I love the games but I'm spending too much to play for not enough enjoyment. about to delete.", "I used to like this game alot until it stole my bonus wins, just said failed to recover game.  So pissed off! Won't recommend it to anyone anymore.", "Don't waste your time. The games are great, but unless you are willing to buy chips for this 'Free' game.....you will not play long enough to enjoy it. Truly a shame.", "This game is just as bad as Cashman. The game never gives out bonus games.", "adds adds adds adds . rubbish game now all they want is your real money . 5 days in a row , I have received under 12k on my spin the wheel . now to uninstall this rubbish free some space on my phone", "Very challenging at times but great game to play and so addictive. Once you start playing you never want to stop. I would recommend this game to anyone. Thankyou Product Madness for all your hard work in making this game i'm so in love with it.", "some terrible experiences. lost bonuses and when playing quests and some of the other special games I've wasted billions of dollars just to get close and not makeit to the end. totally sucks considering I'm a faithful daily player", "just no fun. all this does is frustrate me? this was a fun app but the constant attempts to get me to buy coins is pathetic.", "I'm not impressed. lose more than you win. I guess it's like real life.", "i try an get the free coin links on instagram an fb but it says too late invalid everytime...i am leaving 3 stars because cashman casino is through aristrocrat an the links work fine..it is very disappointing when u like playing these games", "Don't get enough credit to play with, and the cost of chips? Ridiculous! May as well play on the real pokies least u got a chance to win real money.", "WHERE ARE MY CREDITS? I bought the premium package and got 2 days of credits, NOT the 14 days I paid for. I keep getting messages to buy credits because I'm running low, but I did and didn't get them. Isn't that theft? CREDITS OR REFUND PLEASE!!!", "I like the games, but seriously, can't you give a little more money for your bonuses so we can play more than 2 spins?", "YOU HAVE MADE IT SO HARD TO WIN ON YOUR GAMES THEY DONT PAY OUT AS A LOT OF THE OTHER GAMES", "Updated version designed to deplete credits fast & entices ppl to buy more credits. Bonus returns & wins very hard to win. Have uninstalled", "Still no bonuses and award stickers that are hard to collect and pay out very little. Are you joking, stickers, like we are 5!", "Uninstalled for lack of bonus and wins. It gets boring after awhile with losing all the time. Use to enjoy playing.", "you never fix issues with the game and when we lose jackpots you dont put back the losses for us let a lone reply I've won the grand jackpot twice and I'm still waiting for you to give back my winnings", "won 9mil raised bet never won after that..never had a three coin bonus all corrupted game sucks.", "it's a Facebook app, but even on there it won't load, so no point having the thing. disastrous.", "worst game ever. got nothing. went through my coins fast. can't give a thumbs up to a game that didn't give me a fun time.", "nice game it won my attention i find it amusing keeps me occupied it has nice graphics my eyes very comfortable to look at it thanks for an amazing games best game in town trust me friends best game ever invented thanks still love it thanks again", "I like it, only problem is not being able to collect you gift coins via the app. please make this an option.", "i have been playing Heart of Vegas for over a year the dragon and gold deluxe i have been playing this game a week haven't went into a bonus not one time i don't get alot to play with but it's takes it and no bonus", "complete garbage when you play golden pays it pays nothing jokes on u I only play for free lol", "The ad I responded to said I would receive 10,000,000 coins if I came back. I was NOT given the coins! VERY disappointing!!", "I love these games but not enough money to keep playing. Makes me sad", "fix this app I have been purchasing credit never winning and you don't give better deals I hope you reply this time", "Never won a jackpot in the 4 or 5 years that I have been playing, the coins are way over priced and they never last long when I purchase coins. The machines are fun and authentic.", "takes too long to load, too long for bonuses dont waste your time give a zero nara zilch star rating dont be suckers", "Really really bad latly!! I cant win a thjng and no free game bounses. still bad!!", "I love the way the game is at its best of luck and I am going to win the big jackpot and I don't have to deposit the real money it is just pretend money and I hope that you will love this game and I have rated it five stars and give it a try and see if you can get the big jackpot and have fun", "it tells you that you'll get a bonus for being on facebook not true. friends send gifts, you dont get. game is fun but lies anger me.", "glitches all the time, far too many pop ups to buy coins", "lost my friend bonus. asked support about it twice. NO ANSWER! WHY? use to think highly of Heart Of Vegas", "lousy play. even if you buy chips you still never win.", "too many adds and pop ups, ruins the game", "Deplorable!! 13 million coins, 250 thousand bet not one payout or bonus or free spins!! Absolute Rubbish!!", "Too few bonuses \" good bonuses\" I forgot to say that i have downloaded this several times and never got the 1,000,000 points to play with.", "YALL SUCK!!! You guys dont give out free coins like you use to.", "they give you 5 to 25 thousand most of there games 5000 and up you run out money in no time", "lose money faster than you can win, disppointing. Deleting this game again. \ud83e\udd28", "like the games but , not enough free coins while other apps give way more free ...even when you play as guest .", "a tiny amount of free play coins are given. ok app, but way too stingy! barely worth opening app.", "I like it alot u can win alot,i will tell all my friends about this game an share this online with all my friends an family", "hmm, cant win with their money , would i use my own.?", "i wanted to slots game with the Buffalo's n it always give me some other game !! not happy going off !!", "was 5 stars but keep getting click here to get coins on fb then nothing so down graded to 2 stars", "I quit but i came back..coz there are no better slots out there..cheers", "need more jackpots cannot play very long unless I buy spins. cannot afford your games.", "the payouts aren't that good, very few free spins, run out of credits way to quick, otherwise fun game.", "You dont get enough coins to play, & when you purchase coins you lose everytime. \ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20", "Seems to be just like being at the club. only its costing me nothing.", "paying to much for a short time that they allow you to play, maybe i will pay a visit to the casino instead", "love it pity bonuses should be up dated come on 2 to 20 even 30 points out the gate would stay on it longer and play but get annoyed an uninstall instead and chase the bigger bonus games\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0efor real", "too many offers interrupt game", "It's like playing the real slots but with no real money. i enjoy it so much.", "Nice variety of casino games! Beautiful graphics! \ud83d\udcaf\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\u2764\u2764\ud83c\udf20\ud83c\udf20", "Great game. Run out of coins too fast.", "it's not letting me collect my bonus coin", "doesn't give you enough coins or bonuses", "not enough free play money...fun games", "The game is just like being in the casino. The graphics are great. It keeps me coming back. It is a little hard to win jackpots, but I keep trying.", "Heart\ud83d\udc96Of\ud83d\udc9dVegas... Is an Awesome App that allows u to play any Slots Games with Fun/Cool/Excitement & Very Challenging as well....", "product madness your games are a joke, not worth a damn!!!", "Tough to win anything and coins are way overpriced!!", "First time player a and i had no idea of what i was doing!", "Great games buy not worth giving any more star because of the bonus is way less then the betting line and daily and hourly bonus in just REDICULOUS!!! this is how i rate this game \ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e", "Fun to play all the real slots. I wish the payouts were a bit more to keep me playing but overall it's nice to have the real slots", "i like slot's and think iamrich", "I AM REALLY ENJOYING MYSELF, I USUALLY PLAY THE #'S SLOTS. I NEED TO PLAY THIS ON MORE OFTEN. THANK YOU FOR MAKING THIS SO MUCH FUN..", "I would rate this app higher, but it only gives you a little money each day to play. Love the game selection, though.", "love that these are the same games as in the Casinos but hate the fact that they never pay out or catch a free game spin", "Crikey. few slaps and me creditz gone hey...", "free cames do not pay out at ,50.00 bets", "Does not want to open since this morning. Please help.", "Too slow locks up", "nevertheless really useless game", "great game glad yous havit i use to play it wen 1st came out in the pubs in the late 80s-90s thanx.", "can't tell yet. give me some time.", "This is truly the best game I have played in a long time all my favorite slots it's like being in Vegas", "its kinda weird fo figure out", "i like this game alot please keep it available", "realistic fun that only aristocrat has, I'm a fan since 2003,and my only complaint is that the the games we loved are missing ,vip all stars,little lucy,stardrifter,bandita,seal the deal.", "I can't get my friends bonus anymore I had 25 friends before that are still playing so what's up with that?(", "Much the same as other casino games.", "they want me to rate this app the first game looks and plays well ill be back to let yall know i want to be fair!", "a great selection of games to choose from. heaps of popular titles including The Gold Digger Dynamite slots, Queen of the Nile, 5 Dragons, More Chillies and loads more.", "lot of game choices, but you really don't win much. Free spins bonus rarely come.", "Real casino games, atleast you can win here sometimes if not in real casinos", "I like the games but the bonus and payouts are small!", "So far so good. Lets see if it pays out... I have had a good first session. Up what looks like a good amount. Some 100k \ud83d\ude09", "fun only would like to win big a bit more often than never.", "This game never pays.. uninstalled again.. avoid", "the game wont rvrn start up to play jumps rite bsck to begining home screen", "once you lose the initial gifted coins the game stops paying,done pay to play!!! you will lose quickly!!", "the game is fun...but there's not enough bonuses to keep interest... especially when you send money to play.", "Not impressed!", "keeps u making a decision on the way to play", "Fantastic games GOD bless our President Donald Trump, the USA, our military, police, border agents, and isis agents they protect us", "I have tried to access free coins but cannot...What is happening there?", "Best slot app hands down!", "Nice variety of slots and all slots are unlocked. Payouts have been good and they have been giving you the bonus features more often during game play.", "the heart is dark and cold.", "its real God you all me mrs Lorine mason and Family", "so far.. a little slow", "good to play once i accumulate free coins.but low pay out and low free credits", "daily bonus is very low. you don't win much.", "simply the best!!", "of course it is funclear to hear the sound knowing I was not. paying to play a game.", "Just like being at the casino.", "The slots featured here are really awesome.I hit a jackpot right off the start.This game is great.", "Tha app'n'games would b much betta if u could play both online'n'offline,like tha otha slots'n'pokie games,\u263a", "I'm having lots of fun on our hearts of Vegas there is a lot of ways to win on this game", "real nice game I really like it don't have a problem with me about it love yourself", "Games look too much alike. WINS are low. Bonus low.", "expected promised coins 10,000,000 but got nothing", "Just like the real ones....takes all your money and no payback", "Bet too low", "Maybe more games to choose from with OUT all the Installs.", "great would like more coins or loser machine", "not enough bonuses", "just like the games at the casino", "games are way to tight. I'll never buy chips again.", "awesome game just like the real thing", "if you can pay me more", "Like these games because you ca truly win sometimes. Keep up the good work of making great games.", "Machines are real and accurate, but the Coins are expensive!!!", "they charge to much money for litle credit.", "fun experience, just like the real thing", "Enjoy playing but hav to buy lots if u really want to enjoy", "don't win", "best thing since sliced bread", "Just needs bigger daily bonuses", "I really lime some of the games", "I like it but no wins", "this game never changes they want a person to pay for it no free play they stink", "I love playing this game. I don't know if I have to stop.", "very fun just like the real thing", "just like the reel casino!!", "Not loading. It's not unleashing the 5 dragons...", "It is excellent to play the games that suit", "Very nace game", "I love the game the best slots ever just like I'm at the casino best bonuses", "i like this game very adictive and enterteining lot of fun great rewards", "just like VEGAS!!!WOW", "not enough free money", "need more coins and.. free play", "this kills my insanity", "I like the game justu", "sounds like Atari 2600", "my get away", "it's a lot of fun, even if you don't know what you are doing.", "Slots of fun! I'm happy to play what feels like high limits at a low cost.", "played for 30 or 40 minutes and still couldn't get bonus boring", "Love it. Awesome", "Good games but if u don't play big u don't win", "it's a good slot machine at all but I think we need more bonuses yeah", "Pokies are addictive! I need to cash up on the real money pokies!", "Awesome2 yrs. and coynting", "guys here it is the game you withing for lot fun try it and Mack millions good luck", "highly addictive, fun 2 play, fully recommend this great game", "just fun till daddy takes the gold chips away!", "Fun game. Easy to use and play the diffetent slot games", "Cool stuff", "Koo! slots!!", "Very low payouts", "game is banging!!!", "Vegas style baby. My favorite slot games!", "not enough bonuses", "it was on the case something to do", "add wicked winnings", "ok thank you", "very casino like", "My favorite game! Love this very much. The dolphins and sharks are the best."], "Jigsaw Puzzle": ["thought i had found a good relaxing jigsaw puzzle game. might have been if i could have played it. chose a puzzle. Ad poped up i click X not interested. ( removed by google ) poped up bottom middle of screen no way to remove it, to play puzzle. when did get it off , Ad after Ad get back to game the ...Full Review", "only ads show up.. ok puzzle doesn't even start", "very worst game ever it won't get attached to the other pieces of the puzzle nor the top and bottom lines of the frame are usable...so stupid game..really irritated me..!?", "really fun app! I like how it times you so you know how long it took you and I like how you can get stars and you can change how many pieces you will get for the puzzle up to 100 pieces! :)", "Did not like this one. Puzzle pieces would not say together when i hooked them to move. Ads keep popping up and in the way. UNINSYALLED", "hate this game . I thought that I would enjoy this game. But I was wrong. l wish all uninstall this game", "I like it. When im bored i play this game. U should download it\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\ude0a", "terrible do not download as it is extremely slow and has way to many ads", "worst app only showing adds its not a game its a add showing app wast of time to instaling this stupid app", "cant see the full puzzle, due to poorly placed ads", "Was good while it lasted, two days. Now I can't get into it, just a black screen", "wasn't able to complete the puzzle as the top was going off screen.", "i would give It 5stars if it had custom Or if u can pick from the gallery", "Too many adds interrupting game. Part of puzzle covered by ads. Real shame because looks like it could be good.", "it is so so so so vast game in the world and boring game no fun game i not like it \ud83d\ude23\ud83d\ude23\ud83d\ude25\ud83d\ude25\ud83d\ude34\ud83d\ude34\ud83d\ude2b\ud83d\ude2b so boooooooring game \ud83d\ude2b\ud83d\ude2b\ud83d\ude2b\ud83d\ude2b\ud83d\ude2b", "it is not the best game or the worst game but it is ok but it is also annoying .", "good.but very confused this game to order the puzzles. nice\ud83d\ude0b", "the waste game, so many adds", "Irritating game lots of add .yuckkkkk do Not download this game", "very bad doufer game in world Boure game", "This is very super game but very bad game", "this is verry good app I like it \ud83d\udc4c", "its brain game and if you want to say I have mind", "When I touch the camera I did not get a photo in it", "Nice \ud83d\udc4d \ud83d\udc4d Supar duper hit app", "good but its by net game or not", "pure ads I couldn't even do a puzzle", "amazing i loved it .. good timepass", "more puzzles PLEASE that was very fun", "TO MANY ADS! I CAN'T PLAY", "Entertaining but too much adds while playing is annoying", "l am like a game", "To much sick", "Too many ads. You've to control it.", "this is a good game and it's interesting", "I Like this game It os the game of Puzzles", "mera aage update nahi aa raha hai", "Boring game\ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude21", "too much adds", "It's good.", "it was fun but lots of adds", "good job i love it", "sire di fuddu game", "App is extremely buggy.", "excellent..\ud83d\ude19\ud83d\ude4a\ud83d\ude4a\ud83d\ude1a", "too many adds", "To many ads", "very very bad game", "very nice I like it \ud83d\udc4d \ud83d\udc4d \ud83d\udc4d \ud83d\udc4d", "Good puzzle app", "I not like this", "\u092f\u094b\u0917\u093f\u0924\u093e \u091c\u0917\u0924\u093e\u092a \ud83c\udf39\ud83c\udf39\ud83c\udf39", "Too many ads", "thanks for this game", "nice !\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc90", "kya bat hein...", "I love it.", "this is very goodgame", "super game", "very much ads \ud83d\ude24", "too many ads", "super game", "Fuddu a game", "very nice \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "I love it", "\u0c86\u0c95\u0cbe\u0cb6\u0ccd", "it is interesting game", "great game", "good game", "i like it", "it is a Great game", "\u0d28\u0d48\u0d38\u0d4d \u0d17\u0d46\u0d2f\u0d3f\u0d02", "ffyt", "sarmad ahsan", "y kl,", "nice game", "i loved this game", "nice and very interesting", "\ud83e\udd14\ud83e\udd14\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00", "i like it", "super", "jijm", "supper", "for this version", "Super", "it's a good puzzle app", "good", "tiger", "this is the best game ever", "i love doing jigsaws", "Super game \ud83e\udd17\ud83e\udd17\ud83e\udd17\ud83e\udd17\ud83e\udd17\ud83e\udd17\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc98\ud83d\udc98", "nice", "baaaad", "try", "Nicely", "nice", "awesome", "nice \ud83d\udc4c", "nice game", "so good", "Don't normally complain about ads, but I finished two puzzles that had ads during them and got 20+ more. Got to the point I started counting, as I couldn't do anything else. There are plenty of other jigsaw apps that do it better with less ads.", "I don't get ads cos I put my IPad on airplane mode so I don't have internet! How dumb r u peeps? By the way great game", "So much add\ud83d\ude20. And they won't give you stars more than one even you play the fastest. I hate this app. Not recomending.", "When u choose what puzzle u want to do u have to wait like five minutes to do it because it has so many adds, there is one add I press the x then it goes back to the puzzle then another add comes and it keeps going and its really annoying thats the only reason why I uninstalled it the rest of the ga...Full Review", "To many adds you have to spam the X button just to get out of them and then it gives me video adds one after another. I can't even play the actaul game without getting spammed with adds.", "It's a worst game and if you play one game it shows you at least 7 ads Me and my friends are fed up Is this a game or ad gallery?? Too bad maintenance very disappointed", "Every time I would come back into the app, after replying to a text, the ads would run nonstop. It took sitting through at least 6 ads, and closing the app and reopening to get back to the puzzle.", "Ugh! The music gets annoying at first, it gets repeated everytime! It is so loud! Why can't you make a soundtrack where you are able to play songs in the middle of the app?", "Worst! Worst! Worst! This game is worst if you play one game it shows at least 12 ads me and my friends fed up Is this a game or a gallery? Worst this is ridiculous very disappointed \ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e", "I would rate the game 5 stars if it didn't have ads after ads 1 after the other I can't even play the game.its that bad if you could fix this problem please", "I like this game. But i have one issue. Whenever I place down a piece and connect it to another, all the side pieces dissapear. I'd like you to fix this bug please. Thank you.", "Everything started ok on day one... typical puzzle app. Then when I tried to play the next day, I was flooded with ads. I couldn't even get pass them.", "Worst game app ever seen only advertisements. Kindly do not download", "First puzzle, six ads after moving two pieces. SIX! May have been more. I deleted game after sixth ad. I don't mind some ads for free games, but this is ridiculous!", "It had too many adds I could only play 2 games I disliked it. Puzzels were good though. I couldn't even play the game.", "WAY too many ads. You can't play the game at all without watching 10 30second ads first it sucks", "Never even got to play. It's nothing but ads. You just get flooded with ads as soon as you open the app.", "It was really good but i puted dislike cz too manyy adss sooooooo boring worst game ever", "So. Many. Ads. I exited out of 10 ads in a row in the middle of a puzzle and when number 11 popped up, I was over it.", "If I could have given a rating of 0,I would give it to this game.I can't even get to play because after every ad,there is another.So annoying.", "It is horrible, right when I opened the app, one after another ad kept on coming up, very glitchy and horrible app.", "The game keeps giving me ad's that i dont want to see and that makes that i cant play tge game", "There were so many ads I couldn't even play the game if I could give this game 0 stars I would", "Once I finish the puzzle there are unstoppable adds it will take a long time I hate this app", "Did you want to look at the puzzle you just assembled? Screw you, here's ads instead.", "Way too many ads.Every two or one puzzle you do you get two ads in a row.Its horrible and boring.", "Terrible way way way to much ads and you can't see the finished product once you've finished", "Too many adds.. not even let's you play the game. So boring", "It is the worst game I saw in the Google play store always ads", "There are way too many as I can hardly even put down one piece", "I enjoyed the ability to maintain my love for Jigsaw puzzles. In this App, however, there were not enough puzzles to continue the App.", "horrible couldnt let six year old use it cuz so many ads poppedup", "THIS GAME SUX!! TOO MANY ADS. BAD GAME. BAD APP. TOO MANY BUGS. WORST OF THE WORST.", "i opened the app and i got about 7 ads in a row. every time one ad ended, a new one started and when the ads were supposedly over, the screen was black and the game wasnt starting", "too many ads. i mean we open it for play a game not to see tons of ads. zero stars from my side. going to uninstall huh", "This game is awesome because we can click own photos so it was nice to complete .. and it was very fun \u263a\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude1c\ud83d\ude1c", "Absolutely terrible. If this app where a place on the map it would be call Add City.", "this is realy a worst game i just hate this bcoz of tooo many add", "Way too many advertisements. WAAY to many. Opened the app once, and was spammed with adverts.", "It's a good app and I would give it 5 stars but there are way to many ads", "It sucks at the beginning like 200 ads popped up", "When I open the app an add comes up and done with that add its another add", "Great game I love puzzles bt it jst I dnt play it on my phone ndt its taking space", "so many adds. when one stopped boom another on and again", "Not have time to play, just sugestion game have \ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude0f", "To many ad pop up and go to slow", "This is very boring with all those adds and they like repeatedly", "Keeps popping up too many video ads.", "This game is loaded with ad's I'm telling you WORSE GAME EVER!!!!!!!! -_-", "This game makes me think about many stuff ... I love it", "Worst app lot's of Add's very irritating app...Don't download it", "Horrible amount of ads make it difficult to keep interested", "To many adds couldn't even get to a puzzle after so many min. Of adds have up", "world\"s worst game because of the ads.", "I can't even play it there are always ads please change it and improve", "Worst one.... Just because of the ads", "I can't even play all I see is ads j saw them for 20 min straight", "Too many adds once you get to the second puzzle you can't even play.", "\u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u0628\u0627\u062d\u0627\u0644 \u0648\u0627\u0642\u0639\u0627\u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u062c\u0627\u0644\u0628\u06cc \u0647\u0633\u062a \u0628\u0627\u06cc\u062f\u0647\u0645\u0647 \u06cc \u0633\u062a\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u0647\u0627\u0631\u0648\u0628\u0647 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0628\u062f\u06cc\u0645", "Worst gamw ive played ever", "Too much ads. Very irritating.", "Just lots of adds are only there\ud83d\ude12", "50 puzzles, mad adds! More adds to go through than the time it takes to complete a 64 piece puzzle!", "Hated the game i unininstalled after I got ad after ad after ad", "Endless ads, didn't get to play the game at all", "Good game but 6 ads between puzzles is too much! Uninstalling!\ud83d\ude20", "Way too many ad", "Bad bad bad total ads.", "Wayyyyy too many ads can't even play the game.", "When I open the app all it's just ads", "Couldn't play too many ads kept coming up", "it is a nice app with interesting puzzles, but the amount of ads is unbelievable", "The game is very interesting and challenging it is a bit difficult but very amazing", "I could not pick another puzzle and ads just kept coming", "Don't give ads", "I can't set upper edge part because it's out of my screen", "Because adds is coming so. Many times between the game", "There was so many ads I couldn't even play", "I want to play it all day it good for us and for our mind I love it\ud83d\udc52\ud83d\udc52\ud83d\udc52\ud83d\udc56", "Too much of adds stupid", "I love this game sooooo much \ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc99\ud83d\udc9a", "Very bad app in the world", "Never got to actually do a puzzle. It wouldn't stop playing ads", "do not install this app! too many ads!!!", "Only ads, I can't play!", "It's good but way to many ads", "Lots of Add, All Time Ghatia", "Nice but very difficult", "Why so many advertisement ..", "Way to many adds", "TOO MUCH ADS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! \ud83d\ude25\ud83d\ude21:(", "Had To The Walking The Rate Gameplay", "Very poor game so many", "Ads irrirates\ud83d\ude44", "Too many ads\ud83d\ude21", "I hate this!", "Very very bad", "Too many adds", "Too many ads", "I like this game"], "Fruits Master : Fruits Match 3 Puzzle": ["i would give it 5 star if i didnt just have to pay $4.99 to stop all the 12,000 ads!!! REALLY??!! I would buy stuff here & there! You didn't have to pummel me with ads! Otherwise i wouldnt have paid to remove them, if i didnt love the game. UPDATE- I got over the ad issue & played all the way to lev...Full Review", "Play for hours having fun. Glad I can just keep going. Don't really like the ads. Some are cute and some are rather irritating.", "I love this game it's fun, addicting and challenging. Ads don't bother me at all. I mean it's free. And you have the option of no ads. Keep up the good work.", "like this game but has a glitch asking if u want 2 keep playing while your playing it", "Very addicting game . Can't put it down . Only thing I could use a few more hours in a day . like 50 hours lol lol", "can't even exit game without shutting my device off.", "hate all the ads. game very fun", "Loved matching bright colorful fruit instead of candy! As of Feb 2019, still good, clean fun without using candy as an attraction\u2763", "A really cool game not like many of the others where you play a few levels and then it gets rock hard it's fair and fun", "very enjoyable, no lives or time limits, and NO push to spend money!", "So far, so good. I'm enjoying the game now but when I hit a level I have to play more than 10 times, I'll uninstall.", "this is challenging and exciting at the same time.", "its fun but sometimes i dont get how can i get prices", "Very fun game. Doesn't allow free points feature.", "Enjoyable. Fun. Challenging but easy to play. Can be addictive.", "I so enjoy everything about this game.Ty\ud83d\udc96", "l love it enjoy it very much", "goodbut im onlevel 78 not level one please help.me to get onto it", "I will play this Game all the time.", "i enjoy to play more interesting", "gr8 game! gr8 rewards in return!", "use your mind!", "Fun very exciting cant stop playing love the bear.", "play the game with the wi fi off.... No ads !!!", "cute, colorful game.. ads not bad at all...great job", "Fun. easy, relaxing", "Too many ads", "I love these games they are fun and so relaxing", "this game is so ausom", "This is a great game. It's very addicting and FUN", "challenging yet relaxing.", "Very fun game, your never want to put it down :-)", "Like the game so far. Graphics and sound are great. Not too difficult, yet.", "fun if you don't mind ALL the ads", "Nice game, challenging. A little much on commercials.", "it's a okay game", "i Love this game", "esay to play it \ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a", "I totally enjoy playing this game.", "awesome!", "i like the game", "not sure", "very good game! I", "very good & unique game. thank you.", "love the game, cute graphics \ud83d\udc4d", "squares are large enough to see.", "wonderful fun that really is \ud83d\ude0a\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f i love it", "l had a lots of fun.", "Love the game, it is addictive.", "It's amazingly exciting!!", "Fun game to play. Enjoy the game play.", "fun andeasy with great colors", "it is enjoyable. Thank you all.", "game is easily understood.", "Very fun game.", "fun game!", "Great game!", "Love this game!", "a great little game", "love it so far", "is a very good game", "fun little game", "fun game love it", "Awesome game!!", "best past time", "pleasant .colorful. sweet.", "welden", "fun & fast moving", "owesome", "great graffics.", "enjoy this game.", "very good.", "good game.", "love this game..", "great games! \ud83d\ude09\ud83e\udd21\ud83d\ude4b\ud83c\uddfa\ud83c\uddf8", "love it!", "fun...not irritating...", "Love it!!!", "I love it", "cool game", "love the game", "love the game", "Fun and enjoyable", "best app", "love this game", "very fun", "great game", "cute and addictive", "Great fun", "so addictive", "kind of addictive", "this game is Awsome", "wonderful game", "very addictive", "nice game", "great game", "enjoy playing", "pancreatitis", "nice \ud83d\udc4d", "good.", "\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4f", "superb", "good", "great", "Love it", "entertaining", "good", "great", "love it", "good", "excellent", "fun", "good", "fun", "relaxing", "fun", "great", "good", "fun fun fun", "very nice. superb graphics. one of the best match 3 games. up to level 500 (as for now) not too difficult. no need to buy additional moves. first match 3 game to be really addictive.", "Wow another awesome game, fun for all ages. please make more of these games. thanks sue.", "Not a bad game! The ads were just ridiculous.", "fun game but the 100pts for watching ads does not work which is frustrating.", "fun,fun,fun can't stop playing thank you for the great game", "cool game give it a try", "It is a very fun game but the ads are a little bit to much; but i still will played the game.", "so far i love this game. good graphics", "Too much fun! Don't want to stop!", "Very addicting", "This is a fun game..colorful..explosive..challenging..! xo", "very easy and fair game", "super fun!!", "Amazing game", "fun and cute", "addicted", "love it.", "i started with jewel hunter and loved it since ads arent drawn out and lives continue instead of running out and cut off .Tried this one also ...\ud83d\udc9d\ud83d\udc9dlove this developer ..my Favorites!! thanks for nonstop fun !", "it's fun and relaxing but it seldom let you watch the free ads for free things like coins or 2x the rewards. that disappointing.", "Super game by \"Superbox\" I enjoy playing all of these games. The only game maker around that doesn't make you spend money to keep playing. \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "It's so fun. hate to put it down.", "this game is fun and worth a try, my only complaint is it cheets sometimes, when you go to move it goes the opposite way that's very frustrating while your playing.", "The one thing I don't like is that when you change phones you lose your game and I had to start over again", "not giving credit for matching three to make game. very frustrating.", "after awhile it stops letting you get coins by watching ads", "Fun and cute game! It's not as easy as you may think!! Much appreciated superbox", "thid game needs to be fixed. Freezes up on every level. uninstaling", "can nit stop playing. alit if fun", "Turn over is fast after winning. The ads or short, even tho they come frequently. Found a game to pass some time.", "Fantastic game one of the best I have played really keeps me interested.", "What a sweet game. Graphics are clear and bright and the gameplay is not too hectic. I find it quite soothing playing it. Thanks guys.", "it's a really good game but it's stuck on level 297 which I beat twice already", "I like this game its a brain game think before you move.", "For once this is a game I really like! very colorful and helps to unwind the brain", "The game freeze's a lot & sometimes I can't even get out of the game", "what can I say .... it's fun", "PLAY WITH CAUTION! Very addictive game. \ud83d\ude09\ud83d\udc4d\ud83e\udd29", "fun an easy to play", "Fun and you cant stop playing.it.", "awesome game I can play it all day\ud83d\udc4d", "Enjoyable and fun.", "very quick and easy, lots of variety", "Fun and addictive. Graphics are stunning.", "Brilliant. Really enjoying this game.", "fast wnd fun to play", "Absolutely, wonderful game, love it", "Great game never boring", "fun game, so far!!!", "addictive game", "absorbing", "5stars", "Best SuperBox game.", "I love this game", "good game", "the graphics are great.", "Easy to play \ud83d\ude01", "lots of fun.", "Very =elaxing\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude02\ud83e\udd17\ud83d\ude44\ud83e\udd14", "u are the best", "good game", "a lovely game..", "Very enjoy..", "amazing ap", "addictive like it", "great", "great..love it..", "love it.", "relaxing", "AWESOME", "fun", "good", "fantastic", "love it", "fun", "fun", "great", "Fun \ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a", "random freeze all the time. i have to wait 10 to 20 sec and can continue play the game. some time it jump to lock sceen or force close. what gping on? mtk6737 2gb ram android6", "Decided to give the game another chance. I've completed a few hundred levels. Very relaxing and a good way to pass some time.", "Cute little Match3, pleasing sounds, fun variations on the boards. I'm on Level 180. I'm hearing it gets harder. So far, I'm very happy!", "great game but having to wait for the screen to clear after each level is painful"], "The Wolf": ["This game is so fun! Its challenging, too. I like challenges. And it's the perfect game for me because I love wolves! Its my favourite animal. Could you also add a Flower Wolf? Its a Light Brown Wolf with Flower patterns on its back. (Any color) Rather than that. Keep up the great work! (P.S. I reac...Full Review", "it is one of the most amazing animal wolf app! im inspired by the ways of hunting. but why cant we eat the things we hunt? it sometimes doesnt make sence. but i love the games and acheivements that they give. leveling up is also very good. you can become alpha and level up. im really lovin it.", "great time killer if you have the battery for it! Nice simulation game where the aim is clearly to just kill everything you see and become alpha! I do wish there was a short tutorial at the beginning cuz it took me a bit to digure out how to move but otherwise great game! Love it", "After certain updates the game keeps crashing and i have noted that my gathered points reduce sometimes. i have noticed an improvement since now i can respawn when pulled out of the game. thank you. but it still crashes\ud83d\ude25. i am starting to feel impatient. if i do end up deleting the game though, i h...Full Review", "The game is so much fun and its a great online wolf game. Probably the best ive downlaoded. I would suggest this to anyone. The only thing i ask is, how does alpha work? Not by highest level thats for sure. And what about beta's and delta's and omega's and whatnot.", "Really nice game. Simple design, graphics are okay and can be improved, quite easy to play, even for an elementary kid. The sensitivity is a bit too low though so it's kind of hard to steer but I could manage. Also made a friend on the server, he/she seems to be a really nice person, we had a nice l...Full Review", "good game! really gives you a sense of what it's like to be a wolf and part of a pack. even a lone wolf when you venture off by yourself. however I do have some complaints. the graphics could be much better. the game lags and glitches fairly often. you'll be hunting with others and they will start a...Full Review", "I love this game. sometimes you aren't matched up with the best people, but it's really fun regardless. playing with friends you know makes the game fun too, you can help each other take down bigger prey. best game I've found to pass the time", "FIVE STARS!!! but three on controls and graphics OFF TEH CHART!!!! but add more animals to hunt like birds that fly and go to the gorund at periods of time like i dont konw (p.s. im a 7yr old that is playing on my dads account just so u know :D", "It is really fun, and addicting when you level up. The only \"annoying\" thing is that when I open the game, there is always an ad. Another thing is that my friend plays with me, but she always crashes. But, other then that, I really like the game.", "Hi! Like how I rated The Tiger, I'm ratting the same. Can you please make it so that if you can send mating requests, (basically a friend request but it's mating.) and then after a bit if you are female, you get pregnant. Once you have babys, (you have 2 one for you to play as, one for your mate to ...Full Review", "Very nice 3D game! You assume the role of a wolf. You can become alpha of a pack. Haven't tried since I became an alpha, because me battery got low and had to quit and recharge. Great time killer with no ads. Like very much. Great game!", "great little time killing game. just wish there was a way to select game servers and avoid rpers when trying to play or vice versa. also the ability to go back and redistribute earned points to different attributes without creating a new account would be great.", "its pretty much the best simalater game I've ever played because I have played other simalater games, but were no match for this game so... IT'S FABULOUS!!! The only thing that needs work is on the animal targets. The only reason for that is that when you are running to somewhere and you go past an ...Full Review", "i love this game it is just hard to get to high lvls like 48and50 in this game.these r some ideas.can you make the mighty wolf free at lvl 50? can you add more skins like a red wolf maybe German wolf? can you make it so you can jump?can you make like a spot where you can dig for coins or gems?can yo...Full Review", "love it! my five year old daughter showed it to me...its a little violent and sad.....but fun to co op together and have her learn all about the food chain. excellent game.", "Super fun and easy. So far the only pvp game I like, since the attacks are simple and more based on stats than how good you are at fighting games. (I lose against my little cousin at smash, but I got on leaderboard here lol) There's something hilariously fun about actually chasing down the other pla...Full Review", "this game is unique. It's not like regular rpgs just use howls and follow the alpha until you figure it out and in pvp stick together or you get farmed. I'm syphilis in game", "The game itself can be glitchy but dang, there was effort put into it! the horizon is vast, the npcs are lively and reactive, and pvp is a blast! I personally reccomend this game to anyone, as it is super thrilling and addictive!", "I'd like different terrains maybe snowwy mountain or a desert :) maybe even more wolf skins that we can pay for with coins or diamonds. But pls not over 2000 thts too much ); this game is on its way to become one of the best of its kind but pls make it more user friendly first and give people what t...Full Review", "this game is extremely fun for wolf lovers like me. Also idea: add mini side quests. ex: Kill 2 wolves. I think that would be so cool!?", "Amazing game i hope you put like achivement and reward for achivement such (reach level 50 for this skin) or (kill white tiger 10times for 25000k points) like that and all over the game is awsome hope you put even daily quests and daily reward like 1 day 100 diamonds the two day 125 diamonds it will...Full Review", "so cool but you have to add some rain and some new powers and I want to go to the 51 I'll be cool or what and I wanted to be fair and put it like other wolves have like the bitter powers of me but that's not fair so I can you put it in my mind's too cuz cuz I feel bad for myself and I wanted to be l...Full Review", "Wish there were a few more different types of prey, but over all very relaxing and fun. p.s. accidentally just played this game for 3 hours without realizing that. whoops", "This Game is Fun and all but i think you should add more modes to it And Fix The Quality Because When you Change it to high it looks realistic but It also Makes you lagg and Mostly everything is blurry but ill still rate a 5. \ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "should remove the coop, graphics could be better, controls are easy but in pvp hard to aim, qnd when aim is locked is hard to get out of lock. well good game for kids to get to love pvp but thats it. and kids dont know balance and will only join the winning team so need an auto balance system.", "this game is amazing but im lvl 48 and lvl 50 are super hard to kill it isnt really fair... so could u like put people with people that are the same lvl and maybe the same stats.", "I enjoyed playing. I like the play style and that it was interactive. I went ld a few times and a little lag intermittently, but, not horribly annoying. I did not play pvp. I would rather join with other players, so, I like there is an option.", "i like tye game but the graphics are really bad and the wolves graphics are horrible! please make the graphics better and i will rate \u2b50\u2b50\u2b50\u2b50\u2b50 stars Thx for making thus game!!", "reasons why you should play this: 1 its awesome 2 good graphics 3 challenging 4 you can upgrade your character 5 I have not seen any ads at all so far 6 many skins 7 AND MORE!!!!!!", "I Absoulutly love this app, I totally recommend it, there's only one thing I wish the game had, to make it more realistic, an option to breed the wolves, n a big ty to the game makers for coming up with the idea to create a game like this", "very fun, great idea I wish this much work could be put into a police simulator; as for this game never gets boring and happy it has possibility to be social like i am or not like some.", "its greatly animated but the chat system is weird I think they should make it when someone types in the chat a word bubble shows up above their head and it says what they're saying", "I like wolf's there awesome but theres one problem I sometimes get disconnected and its annoying So maybe you should fix that... if its okay", "\ud83d\udc9eSuch a wonderful (and addictive game!) The wolves you can customize are so adorable and the magical lands you are able thgo travel through as you move up levels are so cool! I would deffinately recommend.\ud83d\udc9e\ud83c\udf19\ud83d\udc3a", "ITS AWESOME..... but it glitch too often. sometimes your playing and it freezes or the server shut you out. Its an awesome gmae but those are my only issues with it", "A great game, the only thing I'd suggest is to let players emote to eachother, like not only introducing chatroom emojis but also letting wolves do animations e.g. shake head, sit down, nod head, bark, lay down, ect. so that players can show how they feel. at the moment the only way to do that is to...Full Review", "now i hope thair cloud be a new world or room(if can) and thairs gonna be a new animal in the room like,dragons,and just things from the old ages,oh and unicorns purhaps,thou, only if its possible,but its the creators choise,cuz who made this game has to chose, i guess \u263a\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude01", "this game is outstanding!!!! When I turn on my phone, the wolf simulator is the first thing I go to. If you haven't tried this game yet, you're missing out!", "It's a really fun game and I advise many of you people who see this reveiw to play it. It does have killing though so it is kind of violent.", "its fun to use. you get to meet people from all over the world. its very addictive. to be honest i love this game the only thing i dislike is the lag and when it pulls you out of the game to play adds.", "Ehh it's ok. but if you added a story line to it then it will be a little bit better. also why are we killing random animals", "you should update this game you should do a update to were when you reach to level 50 you can creat your own wolf you should also add cool stuff plz i love this game and if you add this update it will make me really really happy and it will make evryone else happy to! by: connor", "I give it a 4 star because I'm enjoying the game so far but I'm thinking it's repetitive and might get boring as time goes on. So far it's good tho. Has been sending to the main menu after like 30m or so.", "The only thing I complain about is the level range on PVP. Instead of being level 35 to 47, it should be 35 to 40, 41 to 45, 46 to 48 and 49 to 50. This way the player level is not so different from others and it makes battles easier for lower levels. Also the level 48-50 range in PvP should be divi...Full Review", "I love this game so much. it's so awesome. it's addicting the only downside... you can't jump?! but other than that its the best. I love the games, the wolf, the tiger, the panther, the cheetah, all those but we could make some more on different animals. like ones that aren't predators. like I love ...Full Review", "best game ever this is so much better than playing the lion family sim online so fun i love IT thanks for making this game like bruh i be disconnecting all the time", "No joke, It's such a good game. I've never found a better game (Except Cyberfinchfish's wolf game :3)", "there's a bug where when u leave a lobby or go into a new one, sometimes there will be a \"Downloading Additional Data\" screen that just freezes up and u have to close the game and reopen it to be able to play again", "The game is fun, the gameplay is boring and bland. you only do one thing or you go pvp. you can make friends, which is good. i enjoy the game", "Really enjoying this game. I enjoy the rpg aspect of it as well as working together with other players to kill bigger prey. I was surprised how much I like this game.", "I love this game, it is extremely fun to play and kind of addicting. It can be slow sometimes, but it always a good game to play when I'm bored.", "Love this game, thank you creator's why did I not find it sooner, just think it was there the whole time I have been so addicted to this the moment I started at level one. Ppz always ask for improvements well as we rp it might be cool to have a rank system to form packs other than just in your frien...Full Review", "Best game ever! I love this game it is so addicting and fun. But only one thing, it deleted my account onces i really hope it won't delete this one. But without that THIS GAME IS THE BEST IN THE WOLD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\u263a\u2764\u2764\u2764\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "i really like it i have no problems and i really like wolves i love them i even want to be one so i looked the game and i liked it really much i say five star game and the graphics ar perfect", "great game very fun would definetly recomend .But i dont like how animal spawn right in front of you and you cant see from a distanc", "It's Cool And Ok But It Lags Real Hard And The Graphics Suck.Could y'all change it by any chance?? Oh And I Gave It A Five Star Cause I Love Wolfs!!", "i love it but i think you should like dreeding in the game also you should fix the joystick on it. it gets stuck for somereson it does it", "This is a great game! I love it! I just wish that in pvp mode you could choose the lvl range. For example, say I'm lvl 7, I would want to choose the 5-7 lvl range. \u00af\\_(\u30c4)_/\u00af", "The gameplay is highly repetitive, takes a while to lvl cap, but other than its fun. It needs msg notifications. a better keyboard, more skills (you can unlock all but can only use 3). At least the majority of players i met are pretty cool to play with. All in all you something good going here, just...Full Review", "It's just amazing.Only game I've reviewed and I love it. Simple but with an aspect of playing with friends. I only wish that it wouldn't glitch and have invincible animals.", "an amazing game with great graphics and mechanics. however I would like to see a third game more where the player can find a mate and have oups, the challenge being to bring them food amd protect thwm from larger predators.", "This game was very fun at first and its still fun, but there are way too many hackers.This makes the game less entertaining than it used to be.Its also very hard to kill the hackers,which makes it unfair for other players who are playing.Please do something about this.\ud83d\ude10\ud83d\ude42\ud83d\ude2f", "I love this game. Mainly because of the awesome texture and different wolves the only thing is why can't we have more than 40 friends? in the next update make it so you can have as many friends as you like!!", "well as of today January 3rd 2019 I have to change my opinion to this game to negative stars as for what my most exciting time of the day for playing 20 hours seven days a week 31 days a month and spending thousands on creating more than one wolf and loving this game and helping all those that need ...Full Review", "its fun, and has multiple. could add more then just kill everything but good enough", "Good game if you love wolves. Decent graphics. Good controles. And can be laggy and confusing at times. Overall great game 5 star immediately.", "its weirdly addicting. i have to pull myself away from it just to get things done otherwise id be on here for hours", "awesome game... great time killer amazing real life experience's as a wolf especially if a male becoming an alpha is awesome.... need a game like this for ps4 or Xbox 1", "i love this Game im levl 50!!! I worked so hard and lots of friends helped me get there\ud83d\udc3a", "love the game great time killer. Love how you gain experience. But wish it didnt have the VIP just for a few things. But not Hating Best game", "hey i have a suggestion I had spent in this game and a VIP member too. I hust want that when any friend invite to to game then the level of players should not matters weather you are lvl 1 or lvl 50 ., beacuse now I cant play with my friends beacuse I am on a level higher. but IT IS GOOD to have lev...Full Review", "Um... it's okay. The game itself is fun, but it takes a while to load and it's really hard to add friends who aren't in the same room! Graphics are unrealistic, but otherwise, good game!", "omg best game ever!! plzzzzz can u make it so if we find a mate we could have cute pups!! plzz! \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc96", "good time killer, can be fun with friends and not too bad a sim. for 5 stars sort the disconnection issues though", "Absolutely Amazing! I didn't think I'd like it, but its fantastic. Must get :)", "love it!!you get the reall feel of being a wolf and it's amazing. defiantly for wolf lovers.but not for people who don't like killing other animals", "it's a really fun game. cause u get to experience what a wolf goes through and what they have to deal with!!!", "The game is fantastic !!! Its programming is very very good. But it takes too much time to reconnect. Thats the problem with it . But you can enjoy the game after it is opened. It's a good game .", "it's a great game highly recommend! I don't know think i have any problems with it", "Aaa i think you put in a settings that free cam, in new update, if you do it, i give you \ud83d\udd90\ufe0f\u2b50\u2b50\u2b50\u2b50\u2b50 By dragongamer07 Thank you \ud83d\udc3a\ud83d\udc09", "at first was boring... then I realized you can increase Speed, attack, and change location its an awesome game...", "I like the game the PvP mode is my fav I have a idea you could add you should add single player mode and able to add wolves to your pack have pups and name them also you should add a pond lake or ocean and add sea creators to hunt and have a swimming motion for the players when they are in the water...Full Review", "Wonderful sim! It's fun and addictive, and I overall love it! Perhaps add a few more ranks besides the Alpha on the leader board (Omega, etc)? Or perhaps add a power that increases defense, like a Stone/Earth shield? Anyways, amazing game! :) :)", "please help me get my account back, i was a guest and something happened and im back at level 1, all i remeber is that i was at lvl 37 and my health and other things were at 38 and my name was goldie and i was a golden wolf, please help me get my account back", "been playing wolf for along time,it helps me relax after a stressful day", "the entire game play as a whole is amazing but I think there is more room for improvement in terms of terrain. thicker forests, snowy mountains and even adding some villages and humans. these are just some coarse ideas but then, the overall game is amazing.", "it's amazing no mater wat. one update that would be better Is if u hv a server and ban ppl on urt own server :) asides that it's a pretty good game -bella", "great idea and great upgrades for the wolf. graphics could be better. also maybe add more mobs? Besides that it's very fun", "love the game. How about a daily reward? Something to look forward to. Maybe a certain amount of coins or gems. Just a thought", "I think wolf's are awesome but this game is more extreme and have cool powers love very love this game is my fave:)", "its a fun novelty but it can get repetitive rather quick it seams.", "Ok ok you mite think why did i rate this even i have not played it well i saw my twin brother play its so cool", "Hey yall need to fix all these glitches like furreal its startin to get annoying i like yalls game but these glitches starting to make me mad", "A really unique experience. Fun to play, but I feel like the other animals would at least try to get away in real life", "game automatically stops. Very dissappointing", "very fun I could play this all night but the graphics kinda look more like rolblox with the grass water and the wolf modles (I'm typing this on my dads account) and it's very annoying when I'm running from a tiger and it just makes me run at it cause I clicked it on accident", "the adds keep signing me out while I'm battling and then when I skip the adds it takes me off", "I love it but they should make OT when we can make packs find a mate and have pups and travel", "Right now it's pretty fun and a good little game, after some updates granted all goes well its be an awesome little game, like give some missions, better animation, and more little things this could turn into an awesome game", "I like that it doesn't have music in the backround insted it just has natural sounds there is so much I would like to say about this game\ud83d\ude03", "great game. action packed as well. but whith bugs im not liking \ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude22it just dosnt work properly anymore.\ud83c\udd97", "the graphics could get some optimization when i set the graphics to very high it gets pixilated", "haven't played the game that much but i can already give it fives", "its my favorite game but theres one thing can you please put a mode were no internet connection is needed it would be more famous. \ud83d\ude05\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "I like how that you can kill other animals and chase them", "its amazing, and i hope that in yhe future you guys can make it to where there are babies and you can breed with other PLAYERS and not NPCs. and other players can be your pup......thesize if a wolf pup. and grow up in size and mass too", "THIS GAME IS A MUST FOR ANIMAL FANS. There are rarely any ads. Plz make more games like this", "its perfect but i think developers have to prevent hackers to hack account,its so bad thg\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f", "it said if i didnt i do not like wolves! bullcrap", "I like this game but all you do is just kill animals in packs and thats all you do in this game", "near so far, just started so trying to learn. may give update after a few upgrades \ud83d\udc4d", "This game is amazing! I love the style and the interactions, its just so amazing! I definitely recommend it for those who love animals, love exploring, and love magic!", "on my tablet i set 2 max graphics but it look worse then very low ,and the controls are garbage 10/10", "It was fun because I was one of the most dedicated players in the server and within 10 minutes of me playing I became alfa", "very creative premise and good mechanics but the leveling system and how annoying some people are with god like hacks enabling players to have 100,000hp and a 100 percent crit strike chance late in the game.", "i was playing and a girl named ruby was calling me a whimp but i was not running or being a coward please do something about it", "I have had limited time to play...I'm enjoying it so far... I would love to know if the controls can be switched. Right to left and/ or left to right??? I would enjoy the game even more, if the controls were switchable.", "It's okay I guess but can't you make it realistic like the special moves are wierd \ud83d\ude10", "did not connect to room. 2 no starter wolf seems like you want money before a try. good luck with addicting people without connecting to room. perhaps a single offline mode might help you.", "it's easy to play. thx to whoever made this game. and shout out to the people who created and built and made this game the best game ever. and your all awesome I love all of you. but please still update the wolf game. thx", "I like it how u can run to the enemy by pressing the attack Putton.", "I'm pissed and gonna have my money back the acc has been banned for no reason", "Just what my life needed! Running wild and free, making aliances, running and fighting with a pack or alone. great sound and grafics, very immersive.", "1. Chat system is very bad. I can barely type something. And the number of characters allowed in a message is limited to very few. It's very annoying! 2. Lagging: the game frequently freezes. For example, an animal looks killed to some players, but alive to others. Or even worse, sometimes some anim...Full Review", "LOVE IT!!!WOLVES ARE SO CUTE but can you update it so we can mate and have pups???", "you guys did a really good job please keep adding things I love wolfs you guys have a good game on your Hands thank you guys so much for making a game that you can finally be a wolf", "love love love love love LOVE I love this game! I made it to lvl 7 so just LOVE LOVE LLLLLLLOOOOOOVVVVVVVEEEEEEE!", "it is amazing maybe you guys could make tiger champians spawn more that would be great. its a great time killer and wolves are my soul animal soo this is an amazing game good job", "I love wolves there are the best I wish we could have the update on this game and everybody gets 10,000 coins just for the happiness wolves are the best but wolves can't beat bears or deers broccoli bacon", "There is so much online BULLYING in PVP on this game its over welming no matter if you are good or bad.", "awesome you guys should totally get it the graghics may be a little bad but it's still a great game and your able to talk to people and customize your wolf!!", "This game is spectacular it really does give you the feeling that you are a wolf \ud83d\udc3ahunting for prey.", "little glitches hire and there but it's OK", "This game is so fun!I love it!! it's just a little lags and bugs is all.", "Very cute game brutal and addictive Most fun simulator", "Amazingg i got this game a while ago, but i stopped playing it! but im starting back playing. its an amazing game, and i love it", "somebody is flirting with me can u report them btw I like the game", "love this game but could do with more locations to explore as gets boring using the same ones", "addicting! i wish they woukd add more maps to play on. app slows sometimes.", "Awesome game live as a wolf hunt your prey plus you can unlock new types of wolves and new areas to hunt also easy to level up your wolf and unlock new skills for them as well great job on this game", "right wanna SAY I WAS PLAYING PVP WITH MY FRIEND AND THIS PERSON NAMED PLAYER DIDNT WANT TO LEAVE ME ALONE I WANTED TO 1V1 MY FRIEND BUT HE DIDNT LEAVE ME ALONE HES A 23K AND IMA 5K HE BULLING 5KS 4KS 3KS 2KS AND 1KS I WANT TO SAY TO BAN THE PPL THAT ARE BEANING MEAN TO US OTHER POEPLE ALL I'm sayin...Full Review", "Someone hacked my character because they were not enjoying the context of my wolf vanity(for the game) and some how altered how I was able to dialogue using the chat feature. Someone named Dusk", "Nice Time Killer Game Game Issues: When I play coop sometimes I see people killing invisible animals-Would love more updates- Better Graphics-Make it easier to get coins bcs I suffer getting coins- When I go on my friends list I find my friends playing but it shows that their Offline- U should make ...Full Review", "it is super cool u can pick any wolf and u can battle other wolfs like blue vs red u can eat animals and if u dont want to battle anyone then u can go on a different sever but be careful the animals u will eat will attack u", "the game kept crashing for me. but i have an old phone", "its a coo game if u play friend me be n my pack \ud83d\udcaf", "I LOVE THIS GAME I REALLY DO BUT PLEASE MATCH PLAYERS WITH THE SAME ABILITIES AND LEVELS BECAUSE IS UNFAIR AND RUINING THE GAME FOR OTHERS THAT'S TRYING TO HAVE FUN. THANK YOU", "Great graphics. Not violent. Kid-friendly. I could sit here for hours and play it 5 stars!", "uhm... cannabalistically beautiful. 10/10 would kill bunny again.", "So much fun and I'm able to enjoy this alot ! it's very fun and it's an online game !! Hope u enjoy if u get the game", "Iike this game a lot eventhough i am scared of wolfs but still love it", "It is a great game but i dont think can jump and it would be cute if you can have little pupsand maybe find a mate i guess", "Love the updates and the skins and more of it can you make more games like this but different animals and btw it's blurry when I put my quality on high or medium", "it's nice ad \ud83c\udf55food and we can mate if you make single player call it the wolf not the wolf online", "Simple yet fun grinding game. Easy to level up and quite get you in the game. Great for time killing and have fun at the same time ;)", "this game is more interesting than I thought but the company has to make new updates like more maps more powers and skills and the enemy animals e", "I love that you're can become alpha and make friends I also love the pvp and I like that to level up you have to hunt.100 percent best game I've played so far.", "i would give 5 but there are to many hackers", "it will keep on not letting me make a account from the user name", "Wilk moglby wygladac inaczej w raz z osiganiem kolejnych lev np droga od szczeniaka do doroslego osobnika ; ) bra bylaby o wiele ciekawsza", "good game I love wolves just make the graphics a little better plz", "Great graphics fun and esay! Hopefully people will learn to like wolves More and help save them!", "its pretty fun and since you can work together or go agianst each other it makes it even better (also they are wolves nice)", "WOLVES ARE AMAZING!!! My room has wolf picture scattered around it", "Needs bigger map, more hiding places, battle royal mode.", "I like it! my classmate likes wolves and plus her cousin is a youtuber i like this game too much it's too fun i imagine that i was a wolf but i was not how sad...", "Hi there is no reason for the weekly numbers to not align with the admin of my sales and marketing and the data from Remedy for you by tomorrow afternoon and the data from Remedy for you by tomorrow afternoon and the data from Remedy for you by tomorrow afternoon and the data from Remedy 2 for regio...Full Review", "Amazing you can play along side other players and help them like real wolves taking down other animals toghether", "retarded devs and their ads", "i hated it because you could not friend people but now you can plus alot more cool stuff i love this game and the new improvements", "The most addictive game I've ever played on mobile phone. Great career progress features. Pleasant hunting in packs - I'm loving it!", "bro they forced me i dont want a sad wolf", "you can kill tigers Bulls hand and bears 619", "I give 5 stars because this is a wonderful game with wonderful graphics and love the way how they changed the fact that when you open your notifications that you dont leave the game anymore", "It's cool and funny but if I can make friends in the game it will make it more better", "game constantly resets and my wifi is excellent so dont say its the wifi and my game is up to date i got so far but unfortunately i will uninstall if dont fix", "please next update ur patch getting stronger..im sick of player using game guardians for immortal life and no cooldown skill..when we hit they life no less and no moving even 1%..please patch it for game guardians user", "this is the best game in the world because it is easy to play with hours of fun and addiction. I think u should definitely download it", "In the actual game, you can't see enemy health.If it could be seen,I'll give it a 5 star for sure.", "i love this app! its so addictive and fun to play\ud83d\ude0di recommend this game to my friends \ud83d\ude01", "It's really fun to play and I love the controls you have. I love the graphics to good job:)", "This game is awesome in all but it would really be nice if you can make more room on your friend list. \ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude44", "i like the but i hate how the animals look i love PVP but sometimes not a lot of people joining the game but keep the GOOD WORK \ud83d\ude0a", "i love the fact that you get abilitys and have two ways you can go pvp and coop.i also like that you can go for a tank wolf or spedy kindor all of them.", "I do like it it has decent graphics and it's nice to be online with other people since all the other rp or online games are just idiotic like Fortnite", "Amazing game! You should make emotes for the wolves! a panel of little actions and sounds they can do to interact with others :) it would be so cute!", "My killing exp is so much different with my fren...OMG her lvl bypass me even we play at the same time.", "It is so good and I love it the game. So awesome. Oh MY GOD I LOVE IT", "it is so fun but there are a. few things that should not be in the game", "I love wolfevs and I love all of the wold skins and I also love how the game works I would like that there were more updates often but this is a great game I love it and play it all the time \u2764\ufe0f\ud83d\ude0d", "being able to understand and experience the life of my favourite animal is incredible I hope you make more games like this good luck.", "it was fun and cool but it does heat up your phone pretty quickly.", "not that fun very simple and repetitive", "you have a good game but you really need to work on the glitches like I can't even move come on", "Not bad it's just the camera controls and movement needs a little work in the game.", "it's okay it needs a few bugs to fix though.", "I mean it's a good game but there's hardly anything going on and you just wonder aimlessly around not knowing what to do cause there's nothing TO DO.", "I never saw a wolf before. Inlikento be the leader.", "i lke this game as iam a dog lover but we shoul also try to save thier home"], "Bingo Showdown: Free Bingo Game \u2013 Live Bingo": ["Great Sound for bingo. Is fun! Its addictive The 4 tickets they give you each hour is not nearly enough for you to play 4 cards for 5 minutes. You can get additional tickets each day by going to their page in Facebook. I love the game but wish more free tickets were available. I found that on facebo...Full Review", "This is definitely a SUPER fun bingo app! It could be improved greatly by simply increasing the daily spin wheel & daily sign in bonus. 24hr sign in should be progressive providing more free tickets w each consecutive day you play. The daily wheel spin should provide a larger quantity of free power ...Full Review", "I started playing this game maybe a week ago. I've played a bunch of games but lose more then i win. i play 4 cards at a time and out of atleast maybe 20 to 30 games ive gotten 5 bingo. 4x20= 80 cards. i only won 5 times. thats 75 cards all losers. I dont believe its worth spending money on it. its ...Full Review", "Best bingo game around. Just one thing. Should give tickets for bingos. Every other game does still waiting for tickets for bingos \ud83d\ude01. Great fun but not enough rewards. Start rewarding players. Otherwise best game there is. As I said before reward the players. All other games do. Still haven't taken...Full Review", "Fun game!!! I'm so addicted I can't stand it! Always something cool going ON. even more so now although I could really use more than 4 tickets an hour... I purchase when I can but I can't always. Otherwise this game is AWESOME!!! Still as of this update still asking for more tickets.lol still fun ga...Full Review", "Love this game. I feel as if the Players should recieve more free tickets for the hourly bonus's and needs a way and option of receiving free PowerUp's. That way even the less wealthier Players, have a way to continue playing as well, when out of tickets, powerup's and wat ever else. When they don't...Full Review", "Great game. fun and addictive. Not many bingos though. getting tickets is difficult. some side games fun but hard to get high scores. this game is worth buying stuff to enjoy more. I play every day 2-4 times. enjoy game. great game! I missed a couple of days and I truly missed playing? I am addicted...Full Review", "I really enjoy playing this game & They give free tickets every hour & so much more its the best free bingo I've found l8ly it's western themed too forwarning. But it's cool cuz the more u play the more u can win like tickets & power ups n stuff. Plus I play every day & I have yet 2 get sick of it", "I absolutely love this game, this game is awesome in so many ways and I really like how you can compete for a spot on the leaderboard everyday. Hands down there is no other bingo game out there like this one, it is super fun and there is even multiple ways to gain extra tickets. Greatest game out th...Full Review", "Fun game, but also a perfect example of 'pay to play'. You get daily rewards (tickets), a daily spin of the wheel (usually tickets), tickets every 4 hours, and tickets for completing daily goals. Powerups? If you're lucky, you'll get one or two a day. Good luck getting a bingo without them, which me...Full Review", "TOO MANY GLITCHES AND THEY DONT GIVE YOUR ITEMS BACK EVEN WHEN YOU SHOW PROOF. I HAVE SENT SCREENSHOTS FOR THE PAST 3 DAYS SHOWING THEM WHAT'S BEEN HAPPENING AND THEY DID NOT RETURN NONE OF MY TICKETS AND POWERUPS. IT KEEPS HAPPENING AND THEN THEY IGNORE YOU.", "I have been playing this app for years & have spent hundreds of dollars for power ups & game tickets to have them charge me $4.99 + tax earlier this week for 78 tickets 2x & have not rec'd the game tickets &\\or the money refunded to my bank account. I rec'd the typical auto response to my complaint,...Full Review", "the only thing I don't like is when it comes up that I missed numbers when I know I did cover the number!! GRRRR. NEW POST FOR January 9th 2019. It's still telling me that a number that hasn't been called and I missed it and when I cover a number, it tells me that I didn't. I'm going to start taking...Full Review", "Simply the best bingo game out there. But I would like to suggest an edit. Generally when we have barrels to play and you get a bingo on that specific card it should automatically open that barrel, mini game and chest since the bingo is stopping you from getting that specific bingo as they are hard ...Full Review", "I DIFFENTLY LIKE THE GAME AND HOW YOU CAN WIN PIECES TO EXTEND YOUR GAME. BUT IT ALSO DOESN'T GIVE YOU ALL OF YOUR BINGOS. WHEN YOU PLAY THE DIAMONDS IT DOESN'T WORK WITH YOU GETTING THE PIECES. IT WILL BLOCK YOU QUITE FREQUENTLY FROM GETTING CERTAIN NUMBERS TO GET A BINGO.", "Very realistic bingo play without having to buy cards. Would like to see some things a little bit different, though... like: * Any power ups that hit my cards, but don't get a hit, should go back to my inventory. The way it is now, unless it is a dynamite power up, I hesitate to use it, if more than...Full Review", "Bingo Showdown is a fast try paced game and alot of fun, however it doesn't give you enough tickets to continue to play a long time, but it's fun and I like it. Also no good freebies and they are few and far between", "Great game. Very addicting. First app I open every morning. Try it you will become addicted very quickly. Few bugs here and there but they do their best to fix quickly. You will be hooked. Give it a try. Best bingo game out there. Just wish they would take the whammy off the big wheel! We work hard ...Full Review", "garbage! it goes Way too fast - you need Real Cash to buy power ups! what is it with these \"Free\" games? - just call it what it is, a free SAMPLE GAME. thanks for a game I got to press a couple buttons in.... UN-installing", "i am on level 1295 and to get one bingo on a puzzle card it takes about 250 to 300 tickets and approximatly over 100 power ups. if you try to complain or jyst explain this to the help button, the peeps at bingo showdown just ignore you, they dont help and they dont try to assist you. they dont mind ...Full Review", "love this game. i really feel like I'm doing or gaining something. the other bingo i play you can't get ahead at all even if you win. so I'm just constantly paying more money .every day . I'm going to take it off my computor", "This is the best bingo game ever. \ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc9c Can't get no better than this. Keep updating. No words 2 describe. AWESOME!!!! I love this game. The more u update the better this get. Had a few times the game stopped but I'm still a fan. For all u B.I.N.G.O lovers like me\ud83d\ude01. Just received the updated ver...Full Review", "Tons of fun! Great graphics. Can't help but smile with all the hootn' & hollerin' going on. If there was a way to slow down the caller a bit I'd be in Cowgirl Heaven! I am definitely addicted. Tried other Bingo games, always come back to Showdown. Great customer support if you have an issue! A fun w...Full Review", "Its a great game ...tho it consistantly gets stuck and when it does which is to often for my taste you loose tickets even if you score a large number of points and you lose bingos to...frustrating .... can you guys fix this!!!! Come on really technology is not primative you can do it .", "I used to rate 5 stars, but the game has clearly gotten stingy with bingos and rewards. I understand y'all gotta pay the bills, but c'mon, loosen up a bit, yeah? Still fun, obviously, because I still care enough to rate AND comment, but no longer my favorite bingo app.", "I play this EVERY DAY. Love it. New things are great. I play every hour when I get more tickets more new fun. Love it more new thing's to like They keep adding funl I can't seem to get wins but I have fun trying. Another added way to earn tickets build a toy. Cutel! seems every day something new. No...Full Review", "I just think it's a fun game. I like the graphics. I like the tournament's. I actually had this game on my tablet, like, 3 years ago and stopped playing when my tablet broke. I have played several bingo games since but nothing has come close to this game. this is an old review and i am still playing...Full Review", "Tournament bingo is so very fun , yet it is very hard to get credits , not to mention extras. If i had real money to play this game , i totally would, or, maybe i would just go to the nearest bingo hall and try my 'not so good' luck there.", "I used to love this game and spent a lotttt of money on this game but now I hate it. I feel like its a lot of cheating going to spend more money. I have a problem when it stop calling numbers at ball 70 and count down really really fast until 0. I also have problem when you buy powerups, majority of...Full Review", "The only complaint I have is that I have sent a couple of issues to the help desk and never got the issue fixed. I also should have gotten the unlucky start reward and didn't. Otherwise than that, it's awesome. Just a few tech glitches.", "Mesmerizing and addictive. Time flies...so does my money. have to keep buying more tickets. Ridiculously habit forming. excellent use of mind and emotional engineering. Have found several tricks to maximize winning and prizes...just takes time and practice.", "i like it but dont win alot of bingos and theres no daily bonus. i bought tickets , play 8 cards and in a half hr im done. gotta give more tickets or a daily bonus it says daily bonus but i never get it. im gonna check out other bingo games", "Great games. Only complaint is it doesn't give out enough bingos unless u buy stuff. Even if u buy power update majority of the time the numbers are not called to use them. Need to let people get more bingos. great site though!", "Why the hell is it so hard to win anything in this game. The cards are shittyidaub 3 or 4 numbers per card , can't get the power ups when I ever getthem on a card. you have to use 8 tickets which cuts the play to every 2 hours and that makes it impossible to rank in the tournaments. It takes forever...Full Review", "I love playing this game its one of my favorite's but wish they would put on the mobile phone where you cen get \ud83c\udfab and power- up's the way you get them on a PC or tablet .you can get them at the apps fan page but some times they sand more free tickets and. Power-ups can't get on androids. Cell phone...Full Review", "Loved the game to begin with. After spending and losing I'm having a hard time getting anywhere. I just played 2 games with one power up each, one game I didn't win any of my power up, the second game I won one out of four that power up I received six tickets no power up. I feel if you spend your mo...Full Review", "This is by far my favorite bingo game!! It's fairly fair, as far as pricing goes. That's definitely a plus!! I've never experienced any \"freezing up \". Which I have had to deal with loosing points, prizes, ect. in every other bingo game I play daily. I definitely recommend this game.", "I loved this game when it first came out, now I struggle to keep up with other players because I don't buy extras. I've learned to take off the auto push on the extras and it helps a lot.", "Fun game. It's so addictive. The challenges each day keep u looking to see if ranking. All extra giveaways each day, make u want to play each day. When u get a roll winning bingos make you keep playing. Can be very challenging. Best Bingo game. Best bingo game out there.", "Great fun! Fast paced B-I-N-G-O! Took a bit, but this unique style of playing BINGO grew on me real quick. I was set on deleting it bcuz it's played slightly different than the norm, surprisingly couldn't do it & now I can't stop playing it! Thanx devs\ud83d\ude01", "Fun game! I enjoy playing and am quite addicted. The new layout is great and I like the new add-ons for the tournaments. Not a big fan of the side bets can only be used with 4 cards.The new barrels are fun!", "Great game! Love the mini games and sound effects! But, it is kind of a money grab and hard to win if you dont buy powerups. UPDATE: it has gotten better at giving you options to win power ups, yay! Lots of fun!", "This game keeps freezing up on me making me lose all the tokens I save up to enjoy a bunch of gameplay. Most games catch it and will give them back once you log back in. So please figure out a way to stop it from freezing if it's going to continue freezing our next log in should return our lost toke...Full Review", "I'm finding myself always playing. It is so addicting. The sound effects. The prizes you win. I get mad when I run out of tickets. Lol. I'm glad you do get 4 tickets every hour to play.", "Been playing this for quite a while and love it, but don't understand it still! REVISED: LOVING IT NOW! WELL DONE TEAM FOR ACTUALLY READING PEOPLES VIEWS AND FIXED A FEW THINGS! CHEERS GUYS Loving my daily hingo games! Well done on the bonus coins ideas..Keep them coming ADDICTED", "This game is fun for the whole family, especially for game night or get to gathers, easy to play! I love this Game! \ud83d\ude09I thoroughly love My Bingo time. My granddaughter wants to play every time she comes over. My granddaughter and I still enjoy playing this game Now everyone wants to play. I love pla...Full Review", "Great game. I had a problem with cards and power ups missing after I played & got back on to play again but they made it right. Just makes me like the game even more.", "I absolutely love this game it's my favorite and I spent my money here alot but I have lost out on alot of stuff and sent many messages with no response nor apology sadly so some improvement on get back to your faithful players would be great and Thanks so much for such an amazing game \ud83d\ude01", "this app was fun. now i have to constantly take screenshots of when i place because they take my ranking away. i have been cheated out of ticket winnings twice now and received no response to my email. im over this app and game. just wish i could get the money back i already spent.", "Very engaging. Could use more chances to get more puzzle pieces.Like the graphics & tickets every hour! But hate not getting all powerups when chest gets the 10 bingos. It is still an issue sometimes..", "Love the game. Very addicting. Wish puzzle were easier to win. Get down to needing one piece on numerous occasions and cannot get the last piece. Power ups are small too! But still is a very entertaining game. Wish odds were better and you recieved more tickets too. Fun game and very entertaining.", "Love this game my only complaints are it's almost impossible to get the outlaws. Puzzle pieces rarely come up and then getting bingo on those is difficult. I think that when you bingo you should get a ticket or something as a reward otherwise it's a fun game. I do like the new features. Need more cr...Full Review", "i like it. cute.. want more power ups..? the bonus things that appear when you charge up the battery thing. in other games they give you more than yous do. also different rooms n themes.", "I love this game, and the DIFFERENT types of gameplay !!! Good WORK y'all!!!Should give out more powerups, with hourly ticket refills. (EDITING) OMG!!! Today the game was ,by far, THE MOST GENEROUS ( tickets given TWICE an hour AND Powerups to boot!!!) Be careful !!! This was Excitingly DANGEROUSLY ...Full Review", "It is advisable to buy tix and power ups if you want to be competitive. The app has more things going on than one might think but it remains a challenge afters two years. C'mon..", "I find that every time I earn power ups I always get crappy games whereas the numbers on which they land never get called.... the latest tournament where you collect the barrels sucks because no matter how many you collect it is virtually impossible to collect the nails which are vital to build the ...Full Review", "The best bingo app! ! ! I play every day. Very addicting. I really like being able to get the tickets from the bingo cards every 24 hours. I also like the mini games. This game has improved so much since I started playing. I love all the challenges.", "Love this game great time passer and very addictive I can't stop playing Graphics are cool \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udcaf. Fast paced !! I am so recommending game to my friends ,\ud83d\udc4a\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udcafkeep it up \ud83d\udc4dspicerack games are great \ud83d\udcaf I'm addicted to bingo showdown can't stop playing love this bingo game and will always play as long ...Full Review", "Let me start by saying I LOVE THIS GAME. I play from the time I wake up till I go to bed. Love the new games they have added. Makes it more exciting!!!! Come play and meet new friends! The more the merrier! Come play and have a great time.", "Love it..but 2 days ago the app froze before the first number was called and stayed frozen until it abruptly ended the game. Problem is, it subtracted the tickets I had bet (3x diamonds on 4 cards)even though I could not play. I contacted game help, received email stating I would receive a solution ...Full Review", "Almost first game I play in the morning and definitely the last before I go to sleep. I look forward to seasonal changes and mention of special days. Pizza day or cookie day. My second review, I love the game more than ever.", "Well it would be nice to get a bingo once I a while but the game I am playing doesn't have that it just gives me a few numbers then it is done so I have gotwell i unisall where I don't play it much,. and when i have a bingo i dont get crredit for it. well i uninstall this game to see if it is better...Full Review", "im new to this app. seems cool so far. since i downloaded it today i havent plqyed the other games i been playing every day. its nice to play something new and gets my mind off of things that i need a break from.", "Love the game addicted I just DONT LIKE WHEN THE LAST NUMBER IS CALLED I GET BINGO THE BELL RINGS BUT THE GAME WONT GIVE YOU YOUR BINGO...PLEASE FIX THAT the game would be perfect", "Great game. Drawback is having bingo not count when last number is called. Also, being penalized when you fat finger wrong number.", "Wonderful. Addictive. Love playing it. Only one problem, hard to get a bingo and also too little free tickets rewarded for waiting an hour to collect. Need to bingo more. Why is it so difficult to win a bingo or to get the puzzle piece? It's annoying.", "Probably have more chance of winning the Lottery than getting a Bingo on this game, I play Bingo Blitz, and Bingo Bash, and get Bingo like every 2 or 3 games even when playing with one card, but with this game I have played 20 games 15 with double cards 5 with single and ain't even got close to gett...Full Review", "too fast for me most of the time. and i cant buy all the time to get power ups. so hard to collect them. plus at end of game if ur not fastest enough to call bingo u loose it completely.", "The bingo games I had tried were boring and I almost threw in the towel all together until I was introduced to this one. Give it a shot and and you be the judge.", "I do enjoy playing this game however power up are given few and far between. I and not opposed to spending some money but power ups and tickets are to expensive when bingos so hard to get.", "Love the mini challenges. Different every game & you win enough to play longer. I play this game every day just to beat my score. Great fun. just wish I could accumulate my bonus tickets as I can't always access the game every hour. Frustrating & highly addictive.", "It's ok. Wish you got more than 4 tickets each hour. Keeps you busy if your bored. I did rate it 5 stars and didnt get the 10 tickets", "I love this game! The frustrating part of it is how often it freezes causing me to lose the tickets I've played and Power-ups.", "Lots of fun! However, special contests to collect barrels to build items are near impossible to progress very far, even past the second collection stage.\ud83d\ude12\u2639", "I just LOVE playimg this game. i enjoy all the powerups especially the cards. The bonus games u play for the powerups are just awsome. This has to b my favorite BINGO game ive played yet to date. Only thing bad i can say is when time is about to run out i get a bingo but im not fast enough to get co...Full Review", "It is enjoyable to play. I think it is, for me, a little out of reach to win any real money on it though.", "I think you should give more credits to than 4 at a time. That's just not enough and I love playing this game.", "Nice n cool game i m addicted to dis game...but cant get enough bingo ticket...can d waiting time reduce n also d ticket add from 4 mayb to 6 or 8...thanks to d creator...i strongly suggest to others dis d best bingo i ever play cant stop playing", "I really like playing the game, its become easier to win new coins, still very hard to get the jigsaw pieces to catch the outlaws. Game is even better now with the diff daily challenges. Still dont think you get enough for winnings.", "PLEASE CHANGE SO A BINGO WINS ALL THE POWERUPS ON DAUB CARDS, NOT FAIR TO aBE PENALIZED OR WASTE A POWERUP FOR WINNING A BINGO DAUD CARD!!! IT'S IMPOSSIBLE TO WIN ANY DAMN THING\ud83e\udd26\ud83c\udffd\u200d\u2640\ufe0f", "Super Addictive ! Easy to read cards and nice sound effects. Really like the scoring system which gives you the chance to win more tickets. Super addictive, Highly recommend! Mini competitions are also a great way to win more. Newest updates are fantastic!", "I hardly ever get a bingo, never have finished a puzzle in the year and half I have played. fun cause you get 4 tickets every hour, but that is it. disappointing.", "Game is acting up.. Game is going to fast and is not letting me dub the numbers. Once the Gam is fix I will give it more stars..", "Just love it especially the new features added lately...the diamond play and the extra tickets when played certain number of cards The new features at the moment are awesome ... thanks for giving us players a chance of getting higher in the tourneys The new added side bet cool idea.. Maybe chests & ...Full Review", "I am now over level 1800 and am enjoying the game more than ever with the new kinds of games and performance enhancements, Bingo Showdown is surpassing every other game of bingo on fb, keep it coming Bingo Showdown Staff , you have done this in 4 yrs what will it be like in 4 yrs time? I just hope I...Full Review", "it's rigged and obvious. you can't see the whole leaderboard, just the few slots above and below yours, half the players aren't real players, they put you wherever they feel like it. they keep making it worse and worse every day", "I really really love this game. So hard to stop playing. I find myself constantly coming back to it...", "it's a great and fun game easy to play. I would rate higher but way to hard to get binges and especially puzzle pieces I haven't been able to fill one puzzle yet\ud83d\ude41\ud83d\ude41", "Game is very addiction. I love this game . wish they give cchallenge's that you dont need to get an high amount to get rewards. Im very addicted to this game.if i could. I would give this game a 10 star.this game is very addicting", "Spectacular superb stupendous bountiful fun. Favorite past time.yes fresh Yyyaaasboomssplus plus plus supercalifragilisticexpealadocious...super yaboo please try it woohooyippee boom....yummy. bam wow explosive. Tnt kaboom yes...yes sir boom pleasurable. ...wonderful yeah shonuff. Yes. Boom yass boo...Full Review", "Very entertaining, love it.you keep updating every few days causing me to eliminate other games. this is last time I update your game. it's not fair we should have to uninstall any of our games .getting better and more fun, THANKYOU", "Love this game I play all the time. The only thing that I think should be changed is that when you get a bingo every perk that is in that Bingo area should become yours.", "Really love playing this game for it tests my speed and also love the challenges. Its fun and most entertaining game by far. Keep up the good work..\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04 Also, love it when getting enough bingos to open the treasure chest and also when earning the trophies prizes.", "Best bingo game to date. Fast paced and exciting! Wish it had more ways to get tickets. Whooa! Hooray and wish it was easier to get power up without 5 yes having to pay. Great game. Wish i could gey more free gifts. i love the game. need more opportunities", "Collecting the turkeys but i have to collect 125 before i get a prize yet my mum only has to get 45 !! Why is that and how is that fair ? I dont stand a chance when u only get 4 tickets every hour unless i want to buy more tickets", "Tickets should be redeemed automatically.... instead of collecting every hour which is a waste of time and tickets", "Most awesome bingo game! The extra challenges and mini games are fun. It's a little annoying when you click on the star for a bingo but it doesn't register in time.", "I Love this game soooooooo very much,,,, I find myself skipping my Huuuge casino game and my Billionaire casino game to play this game...... My boyfriend will probably not like this cause I skip laundry and house cleaning just to get me some Bingo's hehehehehehe \ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a psssssst. dont tell my boyfrie...Full Review", "Fun but glitches and really hard and expensive to try and catch outlaws. Would be nice if you could get power ups a little easier like tickets", "I have enjoyed this game very much. Just a little bit of a pin in the butt to wait on the 4 credits they allow on the bour. Thanks showdown, I would recommend to anyone. i love the challenges they offer. its like a game. inside the game sortof. i dont hardly ever have anytrouble with the game. a few...Full Review", "It's good game love it. That's not good guys really i play bingo and when ball write under it odd and found it in my cards it's suppose i take the 12 or 24 tickets for this but when round finish i get nothing that's not good u have to increase tickets to 5 or 6 every half an hour plz guys i love to ...Full Review", "great game but only 4 tickets every 1 hour is a bit ridiculous... will play for a bit longer but that aspect is getting old... and only rating 5 stars so I can get 10 tickets", "this game could be fun, it's a cute game but I was up to level 4 before I got a bingo and I didn't have any power ups. when I did get a bingo finally I don't think I got any winnings.", "really fun compliments nice! and a little inspiring thanks gun shots should be louder more impact reminds me of shooting tins and swinging targets with m brothers ...put in a bullseye spin...shoot!!!", "I love it as well as all my bingo games. I don't want to know what numbers I have missed Game before I had a bingo you didn't count it, it was at the end of the game.", "Good game play so far! You will need to spend cash to get serious about playing at a higher level . about playing ! They want your dollars in this game.", "Love this game. I can play it at my convenience and tha games don't go away due to time limits. Love, love, love I just have to play it every day!\ud83d\ude01 This is my favorite game! I play Bingo a lot but this is my favorite by far! It keeps getting better!", "What I don't like is getting a bingo and the game not recognizing it!! Lame", "Stingy on the power ups, have to save credits for about a week to qualify in the tournament, no way to collect all the puzzle pieces without spending real money.", "Kills the boredom and great fun but puzzle pieces are near impossible, there are frequent rewards in the early stages though. But that soon stops, and the game becomes a rip off, if you happen to have power ups, they will get put on the cards, but never landed on", "Great game ... very frustrating, but sometimes enough freebies to keep me playing for a good while. Still love it. Thank you!", "Fun game love the minigames. I just wish they gave you more time on the last number. The best of all the bingo apps I've used. Love it, love it, love it!! I love the new update, just updated again. It's even better than before! My favorite game.", "so love this game best ive played wish there was more powder ups you can win as ive just used 6 but not got any bonuses back. please give more powder ups....", "freaking awesome game. addicting tho.....careful. dont say i didnt warn u when u dont notice u have played for 6 hours and the dog crapped in the house and the kids are starving. true story.", "My favorite bingo, love the power ups and trying to fill the puzzle, different present like incentives and icons to collect, liking splitting rewards too. the new bake games are nice additives", "This is the first thing I do when I wake up in the morning... A great game to take to the doctor's office to play while you wait. ADDICTIVE", "Would have given it 5 stars but it's one problem I have. When you win a game, you don't get a reward. No tickets or anything. When you run out of tickets I guess they expect you to buy some more.", "There is bug in game. Does not call number n say missing few numbers!!! Please fix. Very nice but VERY HARD TO ACHIEVE SILVER N KEEP THE LEVEL FOR LONG.ONCE player is in bronze or silver they should stay in that level. Not drop down when go back to game after an hour or so. We achieved that Silver o...Full Review", "Rapid fire fun! Interesting with a variety of bonus challenges. Enjoy playing every day! Love it! Keeps adding new features & strategies. Never boring. Give it a try...", "I really like this game but it keeps locking up and then go's real fast and your game is over. It still has the same problems", "Great Fun! One of my favorites for Bingo games. Quick paced yet not too fast. Would love to see a way to get more chips without going broke. Best ever", "Love it !!!!!! I love this game . I can be playing it all day . Wish they made more games like this one . Love it , love it , love it \ud83e\udd23\ud83e\udd13\ud83e\udd17\ud83d\ude43\ud83e\udd20\ud83d\udc83\ud83d\udd7a\ud83c\udf79\ud83e\udd11\ud83d\ude43I wish I would be able to win more bingo cards to keep playing longer.....and wish they would give us more time to do the bonus games.. Wish you w...Full Review", "I love playing Bingo! I have played several different Bingo apps, but Bingo Showdown quickly became one of my favorites after getting used to the game! just wish it were easier to get the power ups. But still awesome!", "Great game till I ran out of money . get messages I can do better! They disabled the app so I can not play at all. low rewards for placing. Like the game a shame!", "Exciting , try not to run out of tickets takes a while to build up. Keeps you always trying to get the big score. Very challenging still haven't finished in the top percent.", "Waiting time too long just to get 4 tickets but otherwise I love this game. Lately when I press the \"instant bingo\" I never get it", "Very addictive and challenging fun....definitely addictive. I love how it had the ongoing tournaments I love the updates I see that 7/15/17. I really like the new updates that you added since the last time today is the 23rd of August 18th. sept. 6, 2018, every time you add something new and change s...Full Review", "need more tickets. 4 every hour isnt even enough to play 1 game and make it worth it. im lucky of i can play for 20 to 30 min each day. sucks cuz the game is really fun and the ticket packages are overpriced.", "I love the new changes in the game. I might have a chance of catching one of the cowboys! Love it. Keep doing what you are doing. getting better. even though im playing without friends and cant catch a cowboy. I still love the game. love this game. still my favorite game.", "great game...wish for more ways to collect more tickets... AI is ruthless... getting a bingo sometimes is insanely hard..", "I love playing bingo and this particular game I really enjoy. I'm addicted to playing this every day, several times a day and it's hard for me to quit.", "So entertaining. Really hooked on this game. Best bingo I played ever. Just wish that when there are glitches that you earn your tickets and boosters back.", "More opportunities are needed to get more powerups and tickets...tickets should double so ppl can enjoy playing more! It has gotten alot better...#savagelife", "I think it's a great game. Play every day. Gettickets for free also.Wish numbers didn't go so fast! Play daily!", "Really fun game...great sound effects... free, but really leans toward costing money for full fun experience. No ads which is great!", "I bingo twice but the bingo button would not allow u to push it. Then the game gives me an error message that reads, general error. It did this for two games. I need to be credited for my games and the games I bingo.. thanks in advance.", "Do not download this game unless you like ads being pushed to your phone 24/7, when the app isnt even open/running. \ud83d\ude21", "Five star game love it play everyday wonderful and wonderful and wonderfully wonderful, you can't put it down. I play it everyday. Try it, you'll like it. A perfect game. Wake up to play again and have again!", "Best bingo game so far! wishit gave you more than 4 tickets each hour. I'm addicted. HAVE FUN!!", "Im hooked. Love the graphics and new game challenges. Can't stop playing! Keep up the surprise adds and fun sounds!", "I got a mini game and went to play it. it said error loading retry later. so I tried later and it was taken from me and I never got to play it. what a RIP off and a glitch.", "Game was fun until I updated it.now it's slow and gets hung up. I may uninstall it if it doesn't get better.", "I think you should make the puzzles easier. Been playing awhile and have never had enough time to finish. Besides that, I love this game!!! \ud83d\ude18", "Best bingo ever I can't stop playing great game love it. It's fun very habit forming. Funfunfun", "I love this game, my only criticism would be is when you play levels with the diamonds and you get a bingo, you automatically win the diamond on that card. I would like to see when you get a bingo, not only do you get the diamond but any other things you have on that card, chest, mini game, etc.", "Pretty fun, well formatted. fair warning that it's addictive. wish I could start again. Wish it was possible to improve over time instead of only go backwards.", "Fun game, cool art & great music but the game stalls out. not enough opportunity for bonuses. Abradoodle bingo is the best. These developers should study Abradoodle bingo and redesign this game.", "Fun & entertaining. One of my favorite bingo games! If it rewarded either more tickets at a time or just more often would get a rate if 5.", "This version is harder to win on but its still fun to play. If you dont buy credits its hard to get silver andcgold wins unless you save cards for four or five days.", "Such a great and addictive game to play. I have fun killing time\u2764 just need more tickets", "felt like I was watching not playing. of all the bingo games I've played, I have never had so few bingos and so few numbers called. was looking forward to playing this but was basically bored.", "Love l this game it's fast paced without being crazy keeps me on my toes but not so fast I am struggling to keep up. I would recommend to anyone.i have now been playing quite a while and i love it even more the longer i play the more i love it !!", "Great game. Would love more powerups more often. so hard to bingo........why? it's frustrating to always lose. fun though. more more powerups more more often. very addicting.", "Pretty cool accutully, love the announcer's western twang lol but So far so good ... let's see what else kinda fun is in the bingo showdown", "Play this game every day \u263alove this game. Would like to beat the bandits at least once though ! Still waiting to beat the bandits", "I enjoy playing this game. The puzzle pieces are still the same way but its free to play so thank you", "It is awesome best game out there it is hard to put down once you start playing best of all better all the time a lot of ways to get powerups. Fantastic!", "Love this game,only problem I have is :: wish they gave us a couple of free power ups before you spin the wheel.", "When receiving a bingo chip... it should be all power chips on that card should be awarded. Why is the format different on my cellphone and tablet? It should be the same.", "Love it except time gets to 40,50 sec then boom to 0 and is hard to get many power ups when can only gift tickets. But I love the sound effects lol its over all a fun game to play. I enjoy it", "Easiest and best free powerups and coins within a bingo game! Don't say no to Showdown Bingo!!!\ud83d\udc4dShoot em down Bingo! Can't stop playing!", "great game to pass time wish i could get power ups faster lol. i enjoy playing it.its so hard to get bingo takes for ever. but its a ok game", "its a money trap app!!!! fun but im not buying tickets !!! or items !!! if im spending money itll be for real BINGO to actually have a chance to win real money! absolutely insane to purchase this crap!!!", "Just love this game! Keeps you on your toes and can't help but keep coming back! Test your skill at Bingo shootout and I gauratee you'll get hooked! Angel", "I enjoy playing bingo better than others. I think the 2x tickets every half hour is GREAT!! I still think 2x tickets r great being able to finish puzzle would be awesome. Ride Cowboy Yew Ha", "Wish there were more opportunities to play with friend's & to win more powerup's. Bingo showdown is the best bingo App out. glad theres more opportunities to get perks and to win tickets addictive", "Great game. Lovve the format. I cant wait sometimes to play love this game,", "So much fun and exciting I play this game all day every day I just love this game but I think 1hr is to long to get 4 tickets should make it shorter or give more tickets", "The graphics lockups while I'm playing or when a call comes in. Same problem. The game has screen black outs and I have to reboot the game.", "I need more tickets when I return to the game instead of only 4, need more time between ball calls. Can't stop playing!", "Love it. Frustrating but loads of fun. So very addictive, you start and just can not stop", "I like this. I just wish that when the clock gets down to about 25seconds, that it would continue to call numbers, instead of letting the time run out", "Whenever you get a bingo and there's a diamond in there you get the diamond but why is it when you get a bingo and you have other things in there like treasure chest Etc you don't get that ?", "Really love it only wish my tickets didn't go so fast. But keep it up . Great games keep them coming", "Needs to give more than 4 tickets an hour, never get anywhere near these instant win prizes which is probably the same for everyone..", "fun and different bingo game! tho the caller accent can get a bit much after a while. still fun tho", "I love to play this game! My ONLY complaint is I wish we got more extras per game or more often. It makes it more fun and more addicting \ud83d\ude09", "I'm still loving this game. I'm still not too thrilled about paying taxes on my purchases, I really must slow my purchases.", "well this game is just bingo and gives you something to doi don't like this game cause when you get a bingo it don't show as one. well this game still says the numbers fast only about 6 numbers then the game is over and if I am lucky and get a bingo then I don't get credit for it", "This is the BEST bingo game I have ever played online, fast pace ,sound effects it's all that and a bag of chips...absolutely the BEST!!!!\u2764\ud83d\udc4d", "This game is fun and can be addicting. The thing I don't like is that it doesn't give many tickets or powerups.", "interesting games. really annoying that when you take four cards announcer goes faster than if you just play one card", "I had a great time playing this game, it is so good to play, I get real up tite,, if it looks like i might not win .", "Love it very addictive and plenty of chances to get more tickets so your not waiting ages. But could do. with some other ways to get more sometimes.", "The game doesn't always give you your points or bingo it cut out and you loose everything from that game", "A lot of fun. There's more to it then just daubing numbers first bingo game i know of that uses strategy and real competition", "Love this game, and the games within the game. I'm addicted big time, can't get enough. ........ still loving it", "I so enjoy this game, very addictive, awesome. Yay it helps to keep me relaxed. I just wish it would give more then 4 tickets at a time. Just luv luv luv this game. Needs more tickets just for more fun. Need more Tickets Please lol. Just Plain Addictive. Can't get enough. Need more Tickets lol", "It's a lot of Fun ... Fast Pace and Competitive ... I Love ..Love this Game ... It's My Favorite \u2763\ufe0f\u2763\ufe0f\ud83d\udc9e\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd11\ud83d\udc8b\ud83e\udd11\ud83e\udd11\ud83d\ude0d I play this game Everyday \ud83d\udc96 Everyday .. It's the Best Bingo game online. Love the Fast pace ... \ud83d\ude3b\ud83d\ude3b\ud83d\ude3b$$$$$$\ud83d\ude09", "Freaking awesome thanks so much for the games keep up the good work and thanks all just wanted to let you know this is by far the best bingo game out there and the most challenging", "not bad when you have tickets and power ups otherwise you have to buy more. not easy to earn free ones", "Bingo Showdown is a fun exciting and it gives tickets every hourly and gives tickets every day its addictive I enjoy playing as much as possible thank u for adding more ways get tickets", "great game am totally hooked but so many glitches have lost out when it comes to bingos and jackpots! and climbing up the leader board, technically game not quite there. the promise of free power ups and tickets is a lie, have followed instructions to the latter and not once have spicerack made good...Full Review", "a very exciting game. A great use of ones time. challenges are fun but need more tickets given on the hour. Contests are fun", "The payout could be better. Each time that I level up, seems like I get less than before. Please give more than 4 free tickets an hour! Why don't we earn tickets with each bingo? The game is so fun and addictive but the rewards are minimal.", "not enough balls that match the cards. After today I am deleting this game. Play 10 games and not one Bingo. That is not any fun. A waste of time.", "Love this game so much. Just wished I got more treasure chests and more mini games. Wish it gave more tickets. Absolutely love this game.", "I love playing the game but I am having a hard time connecting to my friends. I don't have an option to ask since I updated a couple of days ago.", "I Love Playing this game and you will to. Its the best Bingo game there is. I and my husband both play Bingo Show Down. We both just love this game. I LOVE LOVE LOVE IT. My Husband been saving ticket he has over 13,000.He loves it too but not like me i cant save i have to play my tickets everyday.", "I love this game I look forward to it every day. am bummed out when I can't play like I want to play the game"], "Card Heroes - CCG game with online arena and RPG": ["It takes a long time to enter application, fix laggy loading time.", "card idea a damage effect were they take damage when they hit you.", "ive really enjoyed playing, ive been ATA gamer for 8 yrs and had to try something new. so dont stop here come on in", "Bought gold coins, money taken from my account but didn't get any coins", "much deeper game play, than it seems at first sight.", "Game not starting uo. Whats up.", "I like this type of games. Really funny & enjoyable games. something new than before.", "really fun strategic game", "fun and interesting, but needs more polish", "so far fun but still new to this", "wu", "Funny", "moyen", "i love dis game", "great game.. i like it", "love it!", "love this game", "good game", "Awesome game", "Good", "gooood", "good", "Only issue is a lack of energy, but great if you have a few games on the go, or not loads of time to play every day", "Love the game. Many cards to chose from in fight. You must think carefully if you want to win.", "Crafting a team that is capable of beating each new opponent is where the fun is at.", "I'm not far into the game, but, hopefully there's a time we can use a dragon", "it's alright", "\u0441\u0443\u043f\u0435\u0440", "It's not a card game. Just because you get your units as a card, it doesn't make it a card game. Pretty much zero strategy needed (in adventure, there is an autoplay for money...), all you need is grinding. And if you don't want to grind, you can pay. \ud83d\ude1b You can't play it \"good\". You can play bad or...Full Review", "Easy to learn. Several ways to play and strategies matter more than power to an extent . Card Idea: Phoenix. Skill Set: Rebirth. Apon Death, explodes for x damage to all opponents and comes back at half health once per battle. can attack any square. lvl 1 attack 2 defense 5 can tweak but that idea.", "RNG is stacked heavily against you in order to encourage purchases. just another greedy dev game", "this game is fun but leveling up cards shouldn't be so hard to do after level five unless you pay to get gold you have to grind for days and spend all your coins just to +1 a single card", "please make a card called the monstrosity that has a rediculous attack in comparison to its health (10 attack and 5 health at lvl 1 for example) and give it the ability to take half damage on the first attack it recieves", "i love the game but since 1 day the game bugged and i cant play. i did a tournament and now i cant see the main menu\u2026", "i like the game, but can't play since last updated", "doesnt take long to hit the paywall. not much to do unless you ptw", "like ur game whish there was a 3d fighting and recommend more cards", "nice game to spend some time", "awesone!", "i enjoy this game...", "like it.", "its very good and addictive", "trash", "great game", "very good", "good game", "great awesome", "great game", "good", "Greatly addictive. Battles, Arenas, tournaments, clans battles. It a game loaded with choices for entertainment.", "Homunculus: transforms into whatever he is hit by everytime he is hit", "Not a usual card game. Strategic game easy to learn. You can have fun without any investment.", "it is a very interesting game with cool ideas i would very much like for them to add like a set of Vampire Knights", "\u041e\u0442\u043b\u0438\u0447\u043d\u043e", "Awesome!", "great game", "excellent", "nice", "nice", "Simple, fun game that's easy to play. The cards are well balanced but im still new. Id like to have a werewolf it can attack 2 front cards while reducing attack power of target(s)", "Super easy to pick up, hard to put down! A fun play all around, and pay for play isnt neccessary to win or get good cards. I would love to see a card that heals other cards upon death, but im not too far in, perhaps there is one already!", "The game is great. I just hope you put more clan tasks. And some rewards after winning arena battles.", "Great game simple, fast pace, can play on data network, no unessential micromanaging, keep things simple and stream lined devs and players will keep playing.", "this game has too many updates almost every 2 weeks not worth the time and you cant play unless you constantly update", "I Was Hooked On ZF:3 & Tryna Get Free Gems So I Played a Bunch Of Other Phone Games That Came From TapJoys Offers But Always Just Played To W/e Level I Had 2 & Got The Gems. But When I Came Across This Game... I Couldn't & Still Can't Tell You What It Is/Was Bout This Game But I Dont Play ZF:3 Anymo...Full Review", "could put in some dragon cards and grimreaper bosses with a larger army", "Great game! Please consider more lanes, more rows, larger teams, different modes like 3v3, 4v4, 5v5, 6v6 or 10v10.", "H\u00e1t ez nagyon rossz, nekem nem tetszik.", "Great game... easy to understand..i would recommend this game", "good idea gamplay but make balance", "dragon cards", "pretty interesting game where you actually need to put your mind in..", "great card game. need more silver drops....", "ok", "Spectacular i like it allot", "Great game", "i love this game", "fun game", "\\m/", "good", "greedy developers ruining this game. they screwed up the Christmas update and reset everyone's progress for that day. I am leaving this at 1 star and not making another purchase until we get proper compensation. I got a free level and that is now gone and you offer 150 snow flakes....... a freaking ...Full Review", "Love this game. Definitely one of the best games I've vevr downloaded. Only negative thing I have to say is, should make gold easier to collect.", "a nice card game", "best", "I just keep coming back to it. Well balanced, deep strategy game yet easy to learn and play.very entertaining", "Hwo can i transfer my account from ios to android", "Good game just think there should be more energy or levels cost less energy. Game play ends too quick due to lack of energy.", "Demon or underworld cards would be neat! Great game!", "Fab game to play", "Not for me", "Try to add cards with poison effect or mass attack", "if i may suggest add some card with burning effect (damage over time)", "A flying opponent or a hovering one that non-aerial combatants have a hard time to hit. Suggestions: lich, wyvern, etc...", "Really good game. I hope you speed up the energy recovery process.", "this game is just, perfect.", "Great game to play", "Its gooood", "Maybe a card to revive a fallen ally", "Nice amd simple game play \ud83d\udc4c", "It's really great i love it", "Good fun and fight", "Simple and best!!!", "It's a nice and addictive game", "Very good. Can't put it down.", "Good game!", "if u want to upgrade cards u must spent hundreds of dollars.after 14lvl cards upgrading ask u an ages, to upgrade 20level cards ( 5000 golds per each) u need to play more than 7 years .do not install this game, a lot of bugs and cheaters are here, every update brings a lot of headaches. paytowin for...Full Review", "New card call \ud83d\udd25SHAZAM\ud83d\udca5\ud83d\udc7f(With d power to double its health and attack each time it takes damage),,,,,,,,,AFTER THE NEW FORMAT FOR THE ARENA BATTLE,,,,WHERE U GET TO CHOOSE TWO XTRA FIGHTERS,,,THE GAME START TO KICK U OUT D MATCH,,,A SERIOUS GLITCH SOMETIMES,,,ESPECIALLY IF UR WINNIN", "much more better if their will be tank card, enhancements or other spell. cards", "Visually and gameplay-wise excellent. Blatantly pay-to-win, uninstalling.", "Best game i played so far on my phone, i get in trouble with my other for playing to much", "Nice easy to use and hella fun to pass the time", "Swordmaster card with ability to attack all cards", "Definitely need more cards, how about succubus card has drain skill", "\u0438\u0433\u0440\u0430 \u0432\u0435\u043b\u0435\u043a\u043e\u043b\u0435\u043f\u043d\u0430\u044f", "simple but a very good game recommended for rpg lovers!", "Pay to win", "One of the best games I have played", "Overal amazing game with a lot of potential", "I LOVE IT XD!!!", "Just the game I needed..it's great!!", "Great game", "Suprisingly ok", "Love this game", "Very addictive, I near live with this game. Sadly, there is only so much you can do with a card game. Everything you could want is here, except a dragon card, of what I know. If there was one, it would probably be a 4/8 that deals one extra damage every turn, as a burn of sorts.", "I really like the game. This is actually a cool one. But there should be more gold as sb proceeds to new levels whereas the cards cost 100 gold coins in order to upgrade it to level 10.", "I love the game! You should make a card name Shadow Hounds, able to attack two different opponents", "Good for free game play. Does not requie you to purchace much with your cash. Good stradgy play as well", "Should add a centaur that tramples both rows infront of it", "Highly addictive. If youre familiar with turn based card games, youll find it easy to pick up.", "I like the deep about mid way into the game really alluring", "Many cheaters in this game", "Great game playing for hours on end.... More ways to get cards would be awesome", "Give us necromancer!", "Fast an great game", "Love this game", "Great game", "Amazing game", "Love it", "Game is great, it feels like hearthstone but simplified and smaller in scale which is good because its not overwhelming, i wish there was more to do in game like more game modes or minigames that way i can play without being forced to stop playing when i run outa energy Gg", "I'm very fond of this! It has cloud saving, it's uncomplicated, and ALL cards have a chance to gain experience, not just the ones that are actively being used.", "Nice work guys, You can have some card that Consume a limited energy for two consecutive attacks... Cheers...", "I hate how long it takes for stamina but I do like the game.", "Wouldn't load past the opening Skytech screen", "Que delicia de jogo cara!!", "Just for killing time", "Really cool, simple, easy to play, & I think it would be cool to add some Greek/Norse Mythology into it.", "poor graphics", "Good game all round", "Great strategy game.", "I love this game", "That's amazing", "So good", "great game", "Good game", "Nice", "Nice", "Garbage. If you don't pay them, don't even download. Get your credit card out before you hit level 3.... not even joking on that one. Typical mobile pvp, you vs. Extremely unbalanced and powerful opponent. They usually have cards 3-4 levels higher than you. Don't waste your time.", "The simplicity of this game is just amazing. Great variety of cards and tactics, fair prices for bonuses... Amazing, I was looking for a very long time to play a game like this one! 10/10", "Good so far. :) Maybe...A necro type card. Damage/heal. Cards that rearrange opponent's. Or your own. Cards that change into other cards when x happens...", "Good game I like the concept. Maybe you guys can add abilities to cards like if this card is with this card attack is raised or shield or life. On kill your life gets 2 points or attack or shield.", "Played for a bit then hit wall. Pay to play essentially. Fun till then, but very disappointed. If you like spending money or a whole lot of grinding this is for you.", "Game is great but needs more content and yes there are microtransactions that players can buy and become strong as hell but the game overall is very entertaining. Wish they will add more cards and more unique events.", "You need real money to upgrade the cards from level 4 and up... Thanks for wasting two hours of my life, tards!", "Good game. Suggestion : werewolf cards that you chose when to transform or damage triggering effects for many possibilities", "So awesome game But I hope you can upgrade the game like the effects and some update of new hero's", "Very P2W give you gold for everything but chest (true life blood of game) cost go up dramatic high example 10 gold for 1 low tire chest gone up to 20 gold after level up (mean got buy gold or grinde gold and sacerfice upgrade cards) and PVP a joke with no downsides in drop rank so can max out and do...Full Review", "Add a new hero that can attack twice per turn", "Great games! Easy to play and understand.", "It's ok of its your sort of game. No adds or pop ups.", "I think the game is way to easy as like there is not much skill involved in playing it . also it is a very simple game", "The game is awesome but if we can transform 2 gladiator into another one most powerful that will be great", "Very wonder full game please download", "Well I think you need to add more characters", "A great game, simple and beautiful. It's like heartstone for kids.", "I think it's a great game that isn't pay to win", "Overall is nice Can try on some card can be design to have new skill after level up, it will be more fun and encourage player to level up them", "\u0416\u0434\u0443 \u043a\u0440\u0443\u0442\u044b\u0445 \u0438 \u043d\u0435\u0437\u0430\u0431\u044b\u0432\u0430\u0435\u043c\u044b\u0445 \u043e\u0431\u043d\u043e\u0432\u043b\u0435\u043d\u0438\u0439", "I like the game but needs more balance for new cards", "But it's a hard way to find a clan to join.", "A bahamut like in the anime granblu", "Hard to earn sliver. Gold too little", "they should add a dwarf clergyman!", "Love to see a hydra card", "No adds and free", "Fun. Can be a little challenging emproving your cards.", "Easy to play.. Not bad actually", "Kinda cool, could be offline", "Its terebole", "U should create dragons", "I like it", "Great game, but needs more unique spells on cards", "I love this game", "love the game plss release some more card", "It's ok", "Good game!", "o it's good", "gets intense but that's what I like", "Like hs", "Gud game", "Great card game.I not play not play like this"], "Avakin Life - 3D Virtual World": ["I really think the developers have a good thing going with this game. The graphics are pretty realistic and there's so many options to how you can decorate your character and homes. There's lots of pros, HOWEVER lots of cons. First of all the age limit should be raised to 16-18+. This game is court ...Full Review", "I really like this game, but I would also like a kissing interaction I feel alota ppl talk about it and being able to drive to places in the game instead of teleporting would make the game more fun than it already is, it would be like a \"second life\" and being able to sell the things u dont need lik...Full Review", "I hope you guys see this! I opened the app and suddenly I can't get in? The loading is stuck at 5%. Finally it showed the home page but no data is seen...like everything shows an error. It's not the internet connection because other apps work fine. I even used the app a few hours ago and it was fine...Full Review", "i want to ut a suggestion. That is if you can please do a change witch is that you can trade to friends and sell things for the money because i dont use alot of things and i dont want them so it would be so thankful if you did that. I also love your game its amazing i been playing for 3 years thank ...Full Review", "this is really the best game. you can do so many things, travel, clubs, friends,and many more. you have to play this game, you wont be able to stop playing. so enjoy playing.Thankyou for a wonderful game,They really need to add more foods and drinks to the cafe, its the same stuff.anyone who plays t...Full Review", "Avakin life please return my account its a 48 level account but was banned saying m underage which is not true i can give u proff that m 20+ i was even planning to invest in the game but my account is suspended.. have submitted a report 3 days ago but no response from u guys.. please its my humble r...Full Review", "I downloaded this App from the Google Play store. Then I started getting actual pop up ads directly on my phone! Not cool! The graphics are awesome. The game is fluid. It is a great App to chat with others. But, there is the deal with the Pop up ads that suddenly started to happen directly on my pho...Full Review", "Good game, similar to PlayStation Home which was amazing. Make new internet friends or be harassed by thirsty little kids looking for an internet boyfriend/girlfriend. Although my gf and I occasionally use it to hamgout when we can't irl. Lots of living spaces and clothing for full customization, re...Full Review", "Overall was okay, one thing you need to do in order for it to be a superb game. Put some jobs so that we can earn money, there are players who can't afford the offers... and we can't just rely on advertisements. Put some jobs... besides it helps the players not to get bored. This game's just like a ...Full Review", "Trolls welcome! The good people of Avakin Life get to suffer. Game is great until you get banned for \"misconduct\" for defending yourself against no good trolls. Granted what I said in response to said troll in the moment wasn't the nicest thing to say, and I will take full responsibility for that, b...Full Review", "needs more fun things to do like actually have a kiss or hug interaction. like its fun but also the houses needa be more exciting. but the game does lag extremely bad. the game is really fun and addicting. stuff needa be cheaper. people arent made of coins yall know. but ill always love this game no...Full Review", "Okay, so I really enjoy playing avakin life and I'm guilty of spending a lot of time and money on this game, but here lately the game is either stopping at 80% or saying I cant be logged in or that the servers are down. if these are times that the avakin servers are being updated then that's fine i ...Full Review", "Hi! been playing this game for a while now, but I still can't get free coins on tapjoy. Everytime I try to access the survey, it always says that someone ate all the surveys. I wanna enjoy the game without losing so much money, but I had to buy coins everytime. It sad that I'm losing interest now.", "i truly do love this game but theres a big aspect that LITTERALY keeping me from playing it, my account was suspended im 14 and the game says you must be 13+yrs old to play, yet im underage. please check into this ive spent money (not alot but still) on this game and its a shame that i cant play it", "I enjoy the game a lot but i have a few problems and suggestions for it. First off i dont like how my characters legs dont move and that it cant sit down on a chair. And if its possible i would like the option to be able to choose our own body type and physiques. i hope that you take what i said in ...Full Review", "firstly i used this game as an escape from reality. ive lost someone really near and dear to me. i had recommended this game to many of my friends in memory of much this person loved it. then a girl decided to initiate an argument thatoffeneded my friends. she then decided to report me, the avakin t...Full Review", "I really enjoy this app however I think more money should be given to players and more action taken towards trouble makers online. I also think that the daily rewards should continue for EVERY day! Boosting items should be quicker also. All together a great game though.", "It is realy nice....cuz you can comunicate with oeople yhis way.........and create your own Avakin. The only bummer is there isnt much of clothes to choose from.. but it IS still sooooo cool\u2661\u2606\u2661\u2606\u2661\u2606", "Ok let me get this straight. can't use tap joy..after complaints it's out of our hands buy coins. I wait...not fixed. come back to rooms with bad Christmas themes still in Feb, clubs with no music, oooor get this...can now pay to go to a room where no one goes. I really wish I didn't spend hundreds ...Full Review", "The game is good but i want to say that since today its not letting me play whenever i open the app it loads up to 88 percent and than it says that the server is down and to try again later it did work this morning and its not my wifi because me and my brother play it together and his worked oh and ...Full Review", "I love it. but there are some things to improve on. like... Plz bring back getting money everyday, make pregnant shirts, make our profiles have a description and make a kissing interaction! thx bye", "I have experienced so much bugs on this game and its getting annoying! Do yourself a favour and dont waste u your time playing this game. I played it for a while and there's always a problem with the game.", "I absolutely love this game I always have a great time. Only problems I have with it is the stars that pop up when I say something \"inappropriate\" and sometimes the game can be really slow and not log me in when my internet is just fine so if these problems were fixed I'd enjoy this game even more #...Full Review", "I really love this game. But now im getting notifications saying that my account will be deleted in 5 day?!?! Im so confused. when i open it, it doesn't tell me anything about it. i don't know what to do.", "In my opinion this is a really good game. It gives you coins to start with and it has a build thing lol that lets you build things with a cube in the corner of that item. I bought a house that was like over 1,000 coins and i got it for 50% off it was like about 500 coins. I suggest u get the game if...Full Review", "THIS IS DUMB WHY WOULD YOU FORCE US TO GO TO TWITTER OR ELSE WE COULDNT PLAY THE GAME? IMVU IS SO MUCH BETTER", "This app is for adults to meet and have mature relationship type conversations. Cant believe any parent would let their kid play and mingle w adults. If rude pointless conversations are your thing you will be at home. This is definitely a predator playround. * In response to your reply; no need to a...Full Review", "I'd like it better if males can wear \"female\" stuff and visa versa , makeup for males and all hairs male and female for everyone. Avakin needs this changes if i say this in the description of the game which is \"expressing yourself \" some people like expressing themselves by crossdressing", "Hello, My username on \"Avakin Life\" is XWatermalonX well, I love the game alot and I've been playing alot like everyday.. I wish it was eaiser to level up becauss my friend has been on level 28 since 2018 so. If that can change.. Thanks!! Overall Great Game!! Happy Valentines Day!", "I love Avakin Life! the reason I only gave four stars is that I have big problems trying to type in chat due to gglkeybrd not popping up or, suddenly disappearing. Hopefully that issue will be fixed soon.", "Amazing. I love how you can dress up your avatar with trendy outfits. Only thing that should be fixed is that the jewlery and some clothes are way to expensive then they should be.Otherwise a great app", "I love the game. but can you make the tickets for free pls and one more change every time you level up can you make it 1,000 coins or 600 pls cause im tired of being a noob and I really want to get stuff", "The game is okay. Too much off time on maintenance. We barely get a few minutes off our time to login to this game and viola! Everytime it's \"MAINTENANCE\"! Its really annoying. It would be better if the game went on the basis of prior maintenance notice or if the players were compensated for the dow...Full Review", "I enjoy the game but lately it has been messing up a lot! It is getting frustrating. I wonder does IMVU have this many problems?", "dad really cute expensive dresses that glitch out my wardrobe *UDPDATE*unfortunately the situation was handled rather poorly they just got back to me last week I believe. I was really disappointed how customer service handle the situation this happened in nov. its jan. I was told that it was refunde...Full Review", "It's a 14 year old's dream life. They now can spend their parents money not only on real life overpriced Starbucks coffee but inside the game as well. Is this not the life we all dream for? Not gonna hate on this game too much. 1 star because i'm too old to be able to like this game", "It's not letting me play game please help everytime i enter it gives a background but doesn't let me play. But otherwise it's a really good game. please fix this because I really want to play it. Thanks =)", "The gameplay is nice and the possibility of looking the way you like and meeting new people is awesome. BUT THE CENSURE OF FREE SPEECH IS VERY ANNOYING SOMETIMES FORBIDDING ENTIRE COMMUNICATION. VERY SAD.", "This game is surrounded by older people. And lot of bullies play this game. But on top of that, I think it's a pretty good game. You get to have fun and roleplay. It's an amazing experience!", "dear avakin life crew: Please Help! i love your game and ive had it for two years, but right now im having an issue where i won't let me log on. im already signed in and its loading and counting to 100%, but than at 88% it stops and tells me its unable to log me in. ive already tried powering off my...Full Review", "It is nice but i wish they payed us more. when mg sister joined she got 9000 i got only 1000. I love the game though, the other thing is that i wish we could put more things in the room. If you like imvu than i would recommend this game.", "I love this game never had any problems until now. been banned for being underage when I'm 29 years old I've disputed it along with a photo of my ID but I've still not heard back. Honestly pissed off as I was preparing a valentines edit I've now missed out on & I spend alot of money on here too. If ...Full Review", "Was just playing the game and all of a sudden it just stopped working and then when I got back in it brought me back to the beginning. I was level 12 and I lost EVERYTHING I worked so hard for. Please please PLEASE developer fix this... i LOVE playing this game but these bugs thats been having latel...Full Review", "The game was good at first , you could make friends, have fun with them, buy cool stuff but after sometime when you start havin a good time with the game they ban you for absolutely no reason sayin \" underage user\". This is why i gave em 1 star. If possible I'd give em 0 stars.", "i got kicked out bc some girl got me kicked out with a fake report. plz give my accont back it was catwoman1322", "love love love this game. i do wish for the houses that we dont want anymore we culd sell and for the stuff like cloths or furniture we dont like or want. we had the choice to trade or sell it so we had a nother way of getting more avakin coins.", "Its not too bad, but id like to see more places to go... and the clothing is WAYYYYYYYYYY TO EXPENSIVE.", "THE APP IS AMAZIN... BUT i try to get avacoins from tapjoy and past 10,000 i dont get my coins so....please fix that \ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b OTHERWISE.....AMAZING!!!!!! Oh and i did submit a support ticket and ive waited more than a week and have not receieved my coins!?!?!?!", "This game has a potential. But one more thing i dont like is.\"... edit: ( i receive some msg that pop up on my notification it said my account will get deleted..why?.. my account gonna get deleted.. all my progress will get gone just like that... im so pissed i read that msg. so i drop my ratings on...Full Review", "have been playing this for years now and this game brought life to my \"boring\" life which is amazing cause I've met a lot of amazing people. and i suggest everybody to play this amazing app as well", "Really fun game, hope LKWD comes up with more male animation sets besides ninja and street swag, something like a gentlemen's pose would be highly appreciated.", "I liked this game. I downloaded after roblox. My games are not good! So I don't have roblox anymore and just start downloading this fun game. Experience a 3D imagination!", "1 star: Worst game ever | 2 stars: Meh | 3 stars: this is an okay game :) | 4 stars: this is a really good game! | 5 stars: OMG THIS IS THE BEST GAME EVER IN EXISTENCE!!! | My rating: 3 stars: this is an Okay game :)", "Now I can't get in at all. I want the money I spent in the game refunded. I will make a big complaint and be relentless.(updated The game is for the most part fun and interactive, offers many opportunities to connect with people all over, however the glitches take away from the enjoyment, the teenag...Full Review", "I love Avakin Life. I actually met someone on here. Now where together. But you need to put kissing scenes in this and way more kind of stuff because it would be way more interesting. And it would be nice if they would make more jobs. Also i would recomend this game to others because its a way to ge...Full Review", "the only reason I won't be able to give the game a 5star is because of the amount of glitches the game has, tapjoy almost always fails even if completely 100% correctly, earning money in the game is super difficult as you have to spend money to obtain any type of goods. I wish there was more interac...Full Review", "my girlfriend used to like this gane but now she hates it. you cant even play it on the computer without it glitching out and getting really love delays. please fix this", "graphics are good but its difficult to earn money.... as long aa you're a noob it will always be lonely....i wish you add more options for getting jobs other than that cafe", "This really needs an overlook. Sooo many underage children on this game which has nightclubs, lingere and suggestive emotes. This needs to be +18. Surprised google hasnt flagged it already... As far as gameplay this is merely a dressup game/chat room. Rooms are restricted to 8 people and are hardly ...Full Review", "i keeps censoring me and im not even saying anything bad ill just say hi how are you and instead or words or letters its just stars **** and it's very annoying they should just not censor it.", "I think it is a great game but i don't know if this happens to me only but since the new update whenever i try to go into a different room it goes black and i cant click out or anything so i would have to leave the game and restart.", "Hey Avakin Life, I was banned on my google account. I reached Lockwood acakin support but no respond. Can you fix avakin supoort? Thanks great game.", "This game is awesome but it won't let me sign into avakin life rn it says avakin life can't sign u in try again later and it's been a day! can u pls fix it", "Always maintance problems.... I give one star!!! Always until 5pm afternoon or midnight always problem!", "I love this game, but sometimes I think it needs an upgrade like letting us interact with the basket ball and all that. It would be nice if they can lower prices just a little bit though, but overall the game is great even though it doesn't work because lockwood be having problems as they announce w...Full Review", "update. great app! I love the game and all the free content. had some issues at first but it BBC was on my end. 5hank you and keep up the great work", "I love this game and all for real, but any reason why I would've gotten 2 notifications in a row saying my account will be deleted in days? I checked it wasn't a spam account message, and its defs not an inactivity thing.", "I love this game it is so addicting you can create you OWN avatar you also get free coins to get clothing, accessories, and houses. I'm on level 20 and I am ecmsabby it's very fun. \ud83d\ude06\ud83d\ude06\ud83d\ude06", "Me and my sister got a notification which said : \"your account will be deleted in 5 days username : Test user\" Our usernames aren't offensive or anything. :/", "i have avakin for almost 2 years now, it's an awesome game i love it, but there's something that's happening now, idk if it's a bug or whatever but it say's friends aren't online but they actually are, can u please fix this because i see I'm not the only one, my friend on avakin also told me that he...Full Review", "This game full of hackers, cheaters and this game creators selling illegal mod apk of their own game (as marlodor69 / cekidot / users with ikagi in name). Those mod not even at play store and price are very high.", "i had an issue but it's been quickly resolved, and i just forgot to update the review sooner! :c Good game for chatting and dressing up. often new content, and fun eventz. thank you! :)", "super cool chat game that actually doesnt crash my phone. chats are pretty dead currently, but once you find a good one you can have lots of fun. has a lot of potential, and its definitely worth a try", "this game needs a way to sell unwanted items. like furniture and clothes. do this and I'll change it to 5 star. other than that I love this game!!!", "it is the worst game like if you want to change your name you had to pay 50000 coins and I wish I could give it zero out of five if it's possible DELETE", "A bit difficult to control, but overall its a pretty good game. Just a few things could be fixed.", "fantastic game, graphics are awesome and the gameplay is superb, however as a Scotsman I'm kind of offended I can't wear a kilt and do the highland fling, please could you compensate me 100000 coins and I'll improve my rating to 5 stars, come on moderator be a team player :) kind regards, Scotsmanra...Full Review", "i love this game the only thing i dont like i play this 24hrs now my acc is not working idk y but im gonna die now nd its not opening again im a pro there it took alot of time i need my old acc its not opening now it just reach 84 then they tell me sorry blah blah nd i unstalled the game i nd it did...Full Review", "I like the game, but everytime I do tapjoy offer walls they dont work so I give the a 4 star ... just kidding 5 stars", "Good game! Nice work, but i have a suggestions... My first suggestions is can we have babys? like go into life events? If you guys can make that happen i would really play this game more often. My second suggestions is about stuff the can happen on iphone, computer or other devices, that cant happen...Full Review", "Some how this 3D RPG reminds me of PlayStation Home so much it gives my brain the CHILLS, but maybe that's just my loneliness & nostalgia. \ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\udcaf\ud83d\udcaf\ud83d\udcaf", "This game is absolutely amazing. Hang out with friends lvl up to new rates to get new accessories this is a wonderful experience! I totally recommend this game to spend your time. (Super addicting to be as honest)", "i would say Avakin life is a pretty nice game with good graphics and i like the fact that you can have pets and socialize with people online and get cool dances and poses... overall i think this app is a nice little game to play to make friends and do a lot of cool things", "Love this game but some of the tech issues can scare you. Gameplay is good. graphics are great. controls I have a problem with.", "i love the game but it would be more interesting if there was a partner room and and room which you can have roomates also an adoption center were ther is Fake babies", "Best game ever!!!! I'm addicted to this game and have been playing for almost a year............. Still GET THIS APP OR I WILL FIND U!! byeeeeee", "I cannot sign into my account. it says \"sorry we are unable to sign you into avakin life at this moment. please try again later\" please fix this issue.", "I really love this game some people might say some bad things on here but u can block them", "You can get banned for no reason by reporting someone for underage. This is a big issue that should be resolved because I loved and played this game for 3 years and got banned because someone didn't like me and got their friends to ban me for underage user and guess what Lockwood Henry told me? I'm ...Full Review", "I can rate it for 2 STARS COS . Organizing of furniture is hard and time taking. There should be an option like : The owner will be able to give permission to other person so he/she can coperate with placing of furniture etc. Another suggestion is, most people like to make family. So if marrying opt...Full Review", "i love this app, it has so many cute petkins and places to go and things to do, But I do hope that one day if u have a house big enough for more than one petkin, that they can be placed in the same room, of if that cant be arranged can they be able to walk through doors.", "i dont have a good reason to play this anymore, my tapjoy doesnt work and the stuff is expensive more than it should be.", "i expected a sucky remake of a better game and whatd i get? an awsome 5 star rpg life simulator! this app? worth every bit of data! get it for real amusement! i love it!", "it's entertaining! all aspects of the game are great, although we could get more things to do...just to keep it engaging.", "this app is bad I can't even log into my account anymore 0/10", "I thought it was just a simple minded game, otherwise i notched to play it first, briefly in case afterwards i dont have to argue anymore, this is such a pain in the blue jack gutaloo hardtweichtenglaacth...someone already got it hacked with erboose p+ upon it. Gotcha! every lovely location were miv...Full Review", "it's an overall amazing game, but I've been experiencing some issues.(Even on different acounts)I always try to save by logging in with facebook(etc.),but it won't let me, frequently responding with \"Sorry we're having issues, please check your connection\" though I've checked(even when I know it's a...Full Review", "hello, I find Avakin Life very addicting and entertaining but i have one concern...I think we should be able to choose our Avakins Height and If we are fat or skinny. If you add this ThankYou Besides that this is my favorite game I have honsetly ever played.Thanks For creating It!", "This Game is Awesome and it Addictive to play the game, Anyway I really hate one thing that is the Fashion Contest I can't win in the first place.. the person who had wings and expensive clothes are always the winner and they didn't follow the Theme Contest and that makes no sense it really annoying...Full Review", "This is a gr8 app I like it its better than facebrick lol Oke now and then the app has a glitch but it's nothing to serious for the quality of the app I gust love it", "at first it seems crengy but then its lit awesome hame if u want to make friends party and talk to real ppl and creat a family and do many fun things but some ppl are mean on this game wouldnt service kids to play", "I like this app, but its so stuipid how much a ice manchin costs if i were to buy a coin pack for $99 the house is that in the game its like 100000. From the videos i think you should get 100 each time.One time i watched more than 100 videos and guess what? I ONLY GOT 20 COINS HOW DOES THAT MAKE SEN...Full Review", "I like it because u can buy things like animation set and cosmos it's really cool!!!!!!!!! my daughter would like this app she's 13 even tho she will say swear words\ud83d\ude0f\ud83d\ude0f\ud83d\ude0f\ud83d\ude0f\ud83d\ude0f", "This game is the best for me but sometimes it shows that we r unable to sign u in avakin life so again I install this game but it happens with Me many times this game is not signing me again in avakin life and I installed it but they r unable \ud83d\ude22to sign me plzzz sign meee", "When I go to cash out my money that I made in the cafe, the machine keeps on saying it is offline, plz fix this", "hi the coolest thing will be if u guys can allow us to put up a status message on our profile next to our picture ...please consider thanks great game been playing for almost 5years n i love it!!!! u guys should download it.:)", "I LOVE THE GAME I do wish you could play without using Wi-Fi or Data and if they added a new actual gym instead of a temporary gym,because the gym is amazing,otherwise amazing and AWESOME game", "its cool because u can find people from your country and state but a few problems it keeps saying \"sorry we are unable go sign into avakin this moment please try again later\" i just want my account back please", "its fun but there is one problem sometimes it loads for a long time and then you exit and when you come back it says retry it's very annoying and i hope r his gets fixed", "This is the best 3d virtual world game i ever played but there's a problem with the ATM.It keeps on saying that the ATM is offline I tried many times to convert my avabucks but every time it said it said it's offline can u please fix that.", "I give one star because here is a problem my friends in avakin life always saying that I have married in some days but when I came to her married so there I feel boring and plz give the option of married", "I LOVE IT! however, the items in the store are waaaaay to expensive and unaffordable but it is still fun to play", "I just recieved a notification that my account is going to be deleted and it doesn't makes sense at all. give me a reason for this and i will take the responsibility if i have done something erroneous if not then i expect an explanation for the notice", "Great game by the way\u2764.....But the built machine is abit slow... But, nice game... You can virtually meet anyone across the sphere..", "I played this game for four years now , its kind of boring because they same stuff keep happing every year and their is sooooo many expensive stuff that many people cant buy but the game is kind of good too", "its a great game but uhh....some of my friends said that their accounts will be deleted in the next few days....idk if u guys sent that but please tell me that u guys did not send that and that its just a spam ;-; they r my bestest friends :(", "what has happened to this game! I opened it and the game wont start its always stuck to 86% and ive waited for over 20 minutes still nothing happened now all my hardwork for a year is gone fix this problem!", "they are the one who started to roast me then I am the one who gets banned ? I hate this game now im uninstalling it .", "love it. Only problem is I can't view any of my furniture in my studio apartment. So rating it 4 stars. Please help.", "i think this is a great game! however i suggest to add more options to hair and accesories! for example, add horns that have different shapes and make all the hair color changable because you can find the perfect hair but its not the right color and cant change the color. i hope i helped!!", "this game is 100% on user-friendly you can't move anything you can't function anything you can't lay things down to decorate it's a glorified sex site with a bunch of teenagers trying to get laid virtually", "it's a decent game I think though there should be more ways of getting money instead of watching videos and the more u watch the less coins you get (but I think it's a daily thing) other than that great game", "I love this app! Its a very good time-killer and I thoroughly enjoy it. I would like to make some suggestions too, which would be to be able to sell any of the previous items you have bought before but don't use.", "i used to play it alot but now im playing other games like bitlife oh sorry got a little of track, its an awsome game and you can meet knew friends\ud83d\ude43!", "THIS GAME IS HORRIBLE.It logged me out for 26 minutes.What did i do so bad that i have to be logged out for 26 minutes.Yall need to get this together.Or i'll tell my dad to sue ya'll.", "As the game is upgrading, its getting worse and worse. First it takes too much time to load and then I can't join any social spots and then I can't even open the game. Worst experience after upgrading. \ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21", "i really enjoy this game but it can get boring maybe add something like new rooms maybe a basketball court and a new club and maybe more xl rooms and throw back Thursdays can tend to be unlikable you should bring things from like Christmas and Halloween maybe the zombie animation back or what ever i...Full Review", "it works grait most of the time but it seems to get stuck at 88% then says theres been a problem with the internet conection. i hope that you fix this soon.", "my game is not working it says \"sorry we were unable to log in at the moment\" and getting stuck at 84% pls solve this or give me a solution!", "why do i keep receiving that my account will be deleted please tell me im playing avakin life for almost 2 years and you will delete me account why??? tell me please it my notification said \"your account will be deleted on 5 days \" and it said username: TestUser. wth is going onnn please reaponddd i...Full Review", "This game needs back up accounts so when people forget there emails or google play game passwords they should still be able to get in. Why can't we use are usernames to get in.", "its better if u give a warning before blocking so the user get info if they do it again then they get blocked...btw worst n f##kest app of loosers", "I keep being told my account will be deleted in five days but dnt know why or how to fix this im extremely annoyed \ud83d\ude2d", "If Yall Can Make Another Game That Be Great That u Can Hold Guns in Shoot Other People With A PVP Matches Either Way I Like This Game It Be Better if u Can Make Another Game Or Just Update This Game With Marriage System Or Clan System That Be So Freaking Awesome Even For Avakin Life Love The Work Ke...Full Review", "hey i got banned for no reason am in uder age of avakin life you ard respnsible for this please give my account back Thankyou..", "umm I like it I can make knew friends and stuff but maybe u can make the pet walk around u where ever you go all I got to say", "amazing game ever...bt sometimes it proze nd it requires a lot of service so try nd reduce it. Pls edit ur game in a way that u can trade purchased items with other players or gift after purchased. Thanks", "it has a problem, like it always goes back to 0 when it reaches 100 and then it stays untill you off and on it again, but when you want to go to places it stays at 0", "hi uhh my something is wrong i think ive been hacked bc i cant get into my acc will i be able to get it back or will u plz help me", "i like this game but geeesshh can yal fix the lag..it lags often and its ridiculous!!!i have spent alot of money on this game for it to almost be unplayable now smh", "in 1M reviews its a nice app but please ava the loading kills me please FIX IT btw its an amazing app i have too many friends but ppl DONT BE RUDE TO ME i didnt do anything", "It keeps saying I dont have a connection but I do!! Please fix it", "im starting to hate this game its staying on the same page so i can't play", "am unable to create an acct.....it is showing no internet connection and their z internet connection....plz help me fix this", "I'm giving it a four because tap joy doesn't work for me but the rest of the game is amazing so people should get it and also it does have this weird not working loading screen", "I HATE it it's takes so long to wait and it has a bad print on their faces and I just hate it all", "I'm amazed at this game its incredible and so life like there is so much to do and friendships to make its 200% worth downloading without a doubt ,so well done to the avakin team and thanks for this wonderful app xxx", "its a fun game it has alot of fun things to do while you can also meet and socialize with others.", "very Bad experience. I can't even message anybody. whenever I want to massage anyone the keyboard doesn't work and then crashes the app", "hey im not shure what i did but my acc is being deleted and im worying bks it took so long fr progess", "Wellp it's good but I have lots for you I love avakin life it's my favorite game but the app is a little glitchy but that's okay \ud83d\ude00", "I recently started to have a really bad experience with the game not because of the ppl but the game it self it been having way to many problems I can even go in the game any more cause it keeps kicking me out I know it not a internet issue I've check multiple times but I would really appreciate som...Full Review", "great game and gameplay i installed and played 2 days ago and im level then since yesterday i try to log in the game and it tells me \" sorry'we are unable to sign you into avakin life at this moment please try again later\" for tje past day and a half ive been retrying but it keeps saying the same th...Full Review", "I have played this game before but it says that its installed. i'm trying to download it on my computer but it isn't letting me play it", "Every time i attempt to travel somewhere it loads up to 14% and stops. Then it loads : 14% to 12% and then back to 14% ugh so annoying plz fix...", "for the past 2 days ive been failing to sign in. its telling me that i can sign it at the moment. sucks...i updated it and all and i still cant sign in", "I like the over all app just wish there we more to do then just hanging with people be fun to have more games or longer lasting events just for more to do over all like more games in the bars or not bars to make money but I do like it and is an awesome game to play", "I need help! i got a notification my account will be deleted in 5 days. what does it mean?", "But sometimes it glitches and stops on its own fix it", "More actions should be added... Overall great app to kill time. Live a second virtual life. Addictive.", "I give this game a four because it bkocks what your saying some times even when its not bad in gliches and can log people out but I like to meet new friends and I wish more games can be like this", "I love this game so much it's so fun the only problem is that people on here are really rude if you are a noobso be carefull and don't let them get to yoi", "I'm giving it a 2 because the app kicked me out evert time i tried to create an account. please fix this", "vreau sa se adage copii patu\u021b si copii sa poata sa inctactiomeze cu parintale si vreau sa se aduge: carut , patu\u021b , leagan in parc si biberon ,suzeta, haine pentru bebelusi si atat", "i think this game would be good for 13 and up bc me and my 13 year old daughter play it and she love it", "I realy love this game but for somereason when i try to open the game it says sorry,we are unable to connect to your account", "someone accidentally deleted this app from my phone problem is I cant log back into my account there is no option to", "Good game with some potential but I have a problem with the coin mechanic, the video offer is very annoying because have to constantly use it to get coins, on the plus side have to try bug it for it to be fixed which annoys me more (more stressful waiting), other than that it's good.", "Its really fun and passes alot of time but it has not loaded a few times but other than that great game", "i gave you 4/5 because everyone once in a while it says youre unable to log into my server", "the app just froze and wont let me back in my game after done spent hour learning to play.", "I wish every piece of clothing had different options for how they fit on your character, there are many styles of clothing I like, but don't purchase because they fit too big or too small on my character", "Greatest RPG online multiplayer I've ever played. was an excellent game until I lost my first account to an 84 code, and now I'm having an issue with my second account which is now level 35 instead of level 23", "I found a glitch to the game I went on and I was on someone else's account pls fix it btw love the game pls add sex and babies", "It's amazing but the thing that isn't very gud is the hashtag when u say something it sometimes dose this *************** it get annoying sometimes", "FIST I LOVED THE GAME SEC I WAS MARRIED AND I LOST MY man CAUSE OF AVAKIN LIFE DELETE my acc", "This game is about meeting up new people through out the world. But I have faced bug issues .", "add kiss and hug for love to be shown as in real world plss valentine's day rockwood", "Im on day four and it wont let me claim my daily reward.. I dont want to start over again...", "it wouldnt let me do anything cause of storage even tho i fixed that to i only had this app but it said i needed to update it then after BUT I COULDNT ITS DO DUMB", "u suspended my acc with no reason wow just give me my acc backkkk!!!", "Nice game but can you add more places to have more fun", "I have one problem I play in tapjoi but I don't get avacoins", "Hi guys... The same problem happens again please try to fix it", "it keeps saying network not available and it deleted my account and deleted my level", "the game is not working, plz fix it , thank you very much", "Worst game ever fix the sound it keeps going out and it lags so bad 1-10 dont download it", "It's awesome but I will also appreciate it if u could give us money as daill reward for 7 days like day one 100 to day 7-700", "its still to this day one of my favorite games of all times an amazing job was done for this game i have been playimg this game for a few years now", "it's an amazing game I love it I always play it I highly recommend it to anyone looking for something different but I hate how hard it Is to get money in the game but other that that an the prices of everything amazing.", "I really really like the game maybe the should give everyone alot of avacoins tho", "I love The game Really just started having troubles but it was all on my end but the game is awesome", "I want to give it three on it because it's going to delete my account in 5 days for some reason and I'm so sad about it so can you fix that please but I do love the game and my my account name is Alexblue01 ok thx bye", "OMG BEST GAME EVER IT IS SO FUNNY TO DRESS YOUR AVATAR AND GO TO NEW PLACES AND ALSO HAVE A JOB 100% RECOMMEND IT 5 STAR", "sims like. but the controls is torture. they should've let us use d-pad to move around.", "I lost my main avakin. I have many friends and I don't wanna lose my account. please help!!", "what is wrong with that game it sent me a massege that after 5 days my account will be deleted!", "when i want to play,It says \"we are unable to sing you\" Its really awful!please fix it!", "controls are bad. Its very hard to earn money in the game. They sensor too many words in chat.", "The game is good but sometimes boring and addictive I love the clothes I can spend hours trying on cloths and trying out the actions. i play this game almost every day!!!"], "Chess": ["It's just wow and actually bug free. In many games the hardness of game does not increase as per increase in level but it's not case here. You will enjoy if you download it. I am giving these 5 stars for its experience but there is a scope for improvement in the overall arrangement of Main Menu. The...Full Review", "Pretty fun, really helps with learning tactics, and the ability to go back helps you learn your mistakes and fix them faster. My only complaint is the adds after the game is over. i understand they need to make money and i can pay for a premium but if im to be honest i would rate it five star if the...Full Review", "Very happy with this app so far. Can I make a request? I am curious if you can show stats. For example I've played the advanced-level many times and I'm wondering how many times did I lose, how many times it was a draw and how many times I won. Can a simple set of digits be put in the box showing wi...Full Review", "Very fun. Nice stepping stone of difficulty, was flying through the first levels, but when you get near master the computer takes the gloves off. The ability to take your moves back if its a miss click or you just realize a better move is great. Also the ability to play another real person on the sa...Full Review", "Great Game no glitches, and no bugs. My experience playing chess is beating everyone nice to have an actual challenge. To the people that say it just draws whenever it's about to lose, know the rules of the game. It'll draw because when the king has nowhere to go and one of your pieces aren't about ...Full Review", "I read the comments. The people who complained of the game not having the proper rules and rated it 1 star clearly don't know the rules and how to play properly. The game is the best chess game out there and I highly recommend it if you're looking for an app like this then this app is what you want....Full Review", "the rewind is actually a really usefull tool to learn more interactively different move potential outcomes from a single match played, and helps to gain a broader perspective of skills being applied as offensive and defensive strategy. the game can branch off down different courses through one game....Full Review", "I'm the beginner of chess. Very Nice App very much interesting .... I'm very blind in Chess. I dont know how to play before playing with this chess app. This app teach me how to play chess and trained me like kids in the initial level. now I'm in advance level. thank to Almighty and thanks to develo...Full Review", "Well this has been real fun so far, I have won and lost to the computer so it's not always easy. I think that you developers have done a fantastic job on this app. I am glad that I picked this one even though I haven't tried any of the others yet and there are a few of them, this one is cool. Thanks...Full Review", "Personally i do like this game,i love chess in reality which led to my downloading this game. I do have a few issues and those are simple and dont affect the game for fun or beginners...namely,I cant seem to castle. I may just not know \"how to\" which is fine either way,I enjoyed the game so much I j...Full Review", "I think there's some kind of twofold cheating going on here. First, they charged me twice, one Rs. 70 and then Rs. 240, yet when I crossed the beginner mode and tried the Easy mode, it again asks to pay. Secondly, I second some opinions here that the game forces you to a draw. I would like to uninst...Full Review", "Great interface and easy to use. I haven't played Chess in years but spent all my free time today refreshing myself on the game. I'm still not great but it's a lot of fun to play agsin and this app makes it that much more enjoyable.", "I give this game 2 stars because of the \"checkmate\" logic. Last I checked, if the king can't move in any direction, it's in CHECKMATE. But this game gives me a damn draw??? That's ridiculous.", "WOW. I had similar problems as some of the people who rated it 1 star, then I realised that I don't know all the rules. I've learned a lot and have become the best chess player amongst my friends because the A.I. is lit. Well done mate \ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f", "When I checkmate a King with my Queen, the AI King takes me out BUT if the AI Queen tries to checkmate my King I CAN NOT take it out. That's not the rules of the game! Also if I move one peice 3 times even tho I have several other peices available to move, the AI calls it a draw. FUTHERMORE in 3D mo...Full Review", "After playing the challenging \"Grand master\" level, I unlocked the \"Champion level\". I don't think there is another level although the game is excellent in terms of attacks it makes and the only way to ensure that you are on the safe edge is to attack your opponent carefully...thumbs up! Maybe the t...Full Review", "Just one question, does this include WiFi? I would like to play this game on my way to places when im bored and dont have anything to do. Thx \ud83d\udc4c peace\u270c", "Excellent step laddered self-teaching method toward elevating one's level of expertise while simultaneously recallng Chess rudimentary strategies. This Prince version does gamely evoke a persoanal sense of achievement.", "Progression of levels isn't skewed like other chess games. Top level is not Master Level by some report. Good for beginners with a nice GUI and smooth animarion. Limited advertising unlike other apps.A good choice foe casual player or beginners.", "Playing beginner level the computer doesn't even try to win. They dont make obvious moves to steal my pieces. I can beat the computer very quickly and I'm not very good at chess.", "Too easy. Hit advanced level in 15 minutes. The game is obviously designed for the low IQ populace. If you're reading this and you think it's difficult then you are part of the low IQ populace. Haven't played in almost 20 years. Please enhance the AI.", "it's a great way to stay stimulate the mind and stay occupied entertained at the same time. it took me a while to advance off the hard level so it is competitive. I have a few more levels to complete, so i should enjoy it further", "candidate master level now very great game before u play two players ,i recommend playing computer to unlock the level with your brain remember have patients and dont give up but learn learn learn ,best game on planet earth", "Excellent Application! Can the last two 2 levels be beaten?? Like for real?? Been stuck in Master Level for almost 1 month now, I'm not complaining or anything but it seems like it is unbeatable, it automatically analyze the best counter attack move and defence strategy for every move or attack you ...Full Review", "I am starting to learn chess and this is the best app for practice. Hats off to the devs for not implementing a paywall in the game unlike other games which require to to pay for levels. Good job! :)", "Overall great game, customizable options are concise which is good. The reason why I didn't rate it 5 stars would be due to adds and no freeplay mode that can be used for analysis", "GAME IS ABSOLUTELY EXCELLENT AND EXCEPTIONAL! I played the 1st game I smashed it and got chek mate and unlocked the beginning level\ud83d\udc4dThe graphixs and attention to detail are the best! \u20ac\u00a9\u00a9", "helper does not work kindly fix it, and also include assistant on what move to play next. the game is just unnecessarily hard", "its a great game and i totally recommend this game i mean not only is it good but its also addictive and easy to play 5 outta 5 \ud83d\ude00\ud83d\udc9e\ud83d\udc9e\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4d though the only problem is that i dont think your playing against re al ppl just a computer \ud83d\ude28 other than that this game is soo good", "One of the worst app i have ever used. Not defending even basic steps intially. namesake chess game. Dont go for it.", "This game surly teaches you chess. I have already learnt a lot. If you want to learn chess download this game ,but the same ad keeps popping up.", "If you move your piece three times over back and forth, it makes the game go into a draw, but if the damn AI does that, it NEVER does that and makes itself the winner. Please fix this bug. For now, I leave this game with one start and uninstalling it.", "this app is very mind fully so please try this game and one nore thing my name is aj style means adarsh jain style it is a boy that are very intelligent and very smart so please install this app are game this game plya half of the world human it is a most popular game in the wirld so when you instal...Full Review", "It is nice but why I am giving it to stars is cause i never win when I have a great chance. It always says a draw for some silly reason", "Makes u slow down and think before every strategic move helps develope youre mind also great for a hobby, to the designer great job u deserve congratulations and more.", "Game cheats in the higher levels. computer's king can attack and flee in all levels when in check.. but when you're in check you can't attack, only flee in the higher levels. trash.", "I haven't played chess in a long time. Needed something to keep my brain clicking lol. Thanks guys...", "its a most beautiful game and there is really tough level. i cleared some levels and came to candidate master level. there i played 30times to win the level but i couldnt. that level is just like playing with vishwanath anand", "Competitive but predictable... Novice, I'm not, but I admittedly only have 3 strategies, all are aggressive. Once I reached the \"candidate master\" level I realized that I'd need to broaden my portfolio... ... ... Good game cause I need to develop a new strategy with more defense.", "could use a little more creative changes such as chess pieces and boards. Make sets to collect by winning matches or something of that nature. A reward system and added competitive play. But it's Simple chess so that's ok too I suppose. thank s", "Good game for a rainy day inside. Runs well but the click noise when you move gets quite annoying. Overall, good game great fun.", "why does it keep giving me \"draw\" in chess ? thats a cheat either win or lose !! I'm really thinking about uninstalling. its all fun until it hits you with that \"Draw\"", "its the best chess game out for now but it calls the game a draw when the cpu/ai realizes it cant win no matter what thats my only complaint everything else great", "best chess game i have ever played,unlike any other chess games this game takes you through step by step increasing difficulty levels.", "I downloaded this game bc I wanted to learn to play. it's a good app but it doesn't really teach you what's what. helps a little though if you just want to practice or you already know what you're doing.", "my chess pieces disappears, when playing computer. meaning it wont let me play a move without losing a piece.", "its very intresting and amazing app but i really have an suggestion that you should also add one more thing in it which is ' moves names '", "Instead of playing other silly games you can try this . It is a good excercise to our brains. And I had good experience with this game", "i like this game but the third level is to hard for me... so this game is need some straregy, and i will like this game!!!", "It's a very good game for playing and learning chess I am a chess player I am runner up in dso I have finished the game but again and again I like to play it. It's good for my practice for my matches. It's a good game in less mb by graphics gameplay and graphics etc", "this is a superrrr game . plzz try once\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d please add one more function if the piece of board outs from game, can they come in the side of the board instead of option???.. this helps us to play the game with more strategy.. .. plzzz work on it plzzz . by the way this is very pleasant game .. than...Full Review", "very good/excellent ! with exception to the\"pop up\"advertisements\", can't begin to describe the annoyance of such\"obnoxious\", annoyance, i pay for this phone, and air time monthly, and feel\"pushed\", by these relentless advertisements ! thank you, sincerely PETA J. JOHNSON.", "ever time i got close to wining it allwas ended with a draw if that fuction was removed thin it wude be alot more inering", "thanks for your help with this matter is greatly a good time to talk about this tomorrow morning to see if we could get the chance thanks dressed and go to the gym now but I can call in the next couple weeks ago and it was a good idea to have the kids are doing it now And I", "Its cool to not only play but I've been learning how to strategize threw each play as each level gets harder. Excellent App\ud83d\udc4d", "Great game play at my modest level. Ads a bit annoying.", "for a chess lover this is the best app for those times when you don't have internet and are returning or going to work it serves its purpose real well well done people you have made a lovely application", "A good challenge from the beginning. The graphics are great and the sounds are not obnoxious. However, being able to slide my finger from the position of a piece to its destination to move it would be a great improvement. That's why I gave 3 stars on controls.", "Not realistic. I played the first level three or four times and BEAT the computer technically but it ends the game in a draw saying there are no legal moves for the computer to make. I even BEAT it by taking ALL the computers pieces except the king and it still ended it in a draw befor it gave me a ...Full Review", "it's a okay! game little disappointment of customizable things its not working offline themes everytime you have to download them and i think there should be a tutorial option for first timers if they don't know how to play chess and trickes of chess, you should also add rankings , little customizab...Full Review", "Computer knows exactly what you are going to do at the harder difficulties and is pretty much impossible to beat because it sets up an immediate counter as its always black", "in this game sometimes or we can say almost or there is a preblen in a game that if we want to move we cant move like raja moves forward and backward we click bit it cannot give response", "first of all it will work very easily but the every time game will get draw worst gamr ever!!!!!! too worst don't download this game it will turn as a nightmare to you \ud83d\ude31\ud83d\ude31\ud83e\udd22", "never been able get into chess, but this app has been a great help - I'm starting to win games\ud83d\ude00", "this is an awesome experience to play play this type of games. Chess is the best mind blowing game which I play when I was only 7 years old.. I won all the matches in this game.. I never loss this game Because it is my favourite Indoor game..", "overall nice, but often in long games the computer makes some stupid moves to let me win and unlock a new level (not cool).", "It's good. I like seeing how the difficulty levels progress.", "I opened the appp played 1 match I played two players mode myyy graphickes changed auto mati calllyyyy....... What should I doo???", "whenever we won the match that time its shows draw a match,its not good.so please update the app as if anyone won the match update it....", "if you want to get angry at an arrangement of things that dont exist and be told you suck, this right here is what ya want.", "its actually taught me alot about how to play and how make my moves count and where to place my peices for better chance to win all and all not bad.", "im just a beginner at chess and I like it. it tells you where the pieces can be moved, you been turn that mode off when you get better. you can also play with a friend on two player mode which it's cool cuz you can play with yours kids.", "i like it to practice. not sure if you have to play many rounds to unlock the rounds past beginner...but its good so far", "the view on top does nOt disPlay like b4,, chess pieces was change to letTers,, im nOt coMfortaBle oN the 3D coz pieces blocks each other when There close to each other,, uninstalL if nOt fix,", "\u0915\u094d\u092f\u093e \u0939\u092e \u0907\u0938 \u0917\u0947\u092e \u0915\u094b \u092b\u0947\u0938\u092c\u0941\u0915 \u0938\u0947 \u0932\u093f\u0902\u0915 \u092d\u0940 \u0915\u0930 \u0938\u0915\u0924\u0947 \u0939\u0948 ? \u0905\u0917\u0930 \u0939\u093e\u0902 \u0924\u094b \u0915\u0948\u0938\u0947 ? \u0917\u0947\u092e \u092c\u0939\u0941\u0924 \u0905\u091a\u094d\u091b\u0940 \u0939\u0948 \u0925\u094b\u095c\u093e specail \u0907\u095e\u0947\u0915\u094d\u091f \u0939\u094b\u0924\u0947 \u0924\u094b \u092e\u095b\u093e \u0906 \u091c\u093e\u0924\u093e \u0964", "Excellent. Careful about the ads, some tend to border on vulgarity and indecent exposure.", "it is a very good brain game and specially if you do a mistake you can vorrect it \ud83d\ude00and i really loved it", "when you load installed the game you have seen the two games in your mobile ok one is 2. 5 Mb. second one is 4mb full", "a super addictive gameplay, practices chess very well by using different types of stages. has a great time spending feature.", "Chuck and I are in the morning? my daughter is not possible to be \ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\udc94\ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude22\ud83d\ude22\ud83d\udc94\ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude22\ud83d\ude22\ud83d\udc94\ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude22 j the house and the kids will be there in a few minutes if that is a possibility that I will not be able to come in tomorrow and get the rest of your weekend go back since I am a very nice day for it to come", "Excellent. Haven't played chess in years. Starts VERY simple, and gets more difficult as you improve. Ads are unobtrusive.", "Pretty good chess app. You have to clear levels before you can play the next and there's an advert between each level but otherwise quite good.", "i don't want to have to unlock difficulty levels. just let me play!", "very good game\ud83c\udfae I like it install it waha kya game hai maza aa gaya usko Khel karmani to bahut sari level Kar Diya game khel kar aap bhi zaroori install kijiye", "to all of you who think that this game haven't played chess. Y'all have no life, if you're gonna write a bad review about this game when u dont play chess.", "Master level cheat move. Wish i can upload how computer made a cheat move", "I am going to make this short. I don't like this game because the computer can do moves that you can not, and as well as that, you can't move it into places where you can if you are using a real chessboard.", "This is very bad, whenever I win they declared as a draw", "amazing! \ud83d\ude0d good AI smart you can even have 2 player i like how there is levels. :-D", "the game is set up and or will cheat to not let you do certain moves to win the game especially when you are going to beat the hard games and or ones it thinks you shouldn't be able to win....", "it's very pathetic app when I came to win the game it automatically draw", "I like it. it is difficult and you can play how ever you want and it reacts pretty well", "Worst game... When I'm about to win it says draw..., \ud83d\ude21dont download it", "good game!! , but u have done a mistake . it's a mantri not a queen .", "Its a good game to play I just think it should've been more in 3D.", "I enjoy this app if I could meet the person who created it i will give her/him a big hug", "one of the best chess games ever. it let me cheat so I could learn. 100%", "great game, looks good but the ads are annoying and they play noise. im unistalling.", "This is awesome. I would like to play with a friend over the internet though. Is there a possibility to add that functionality? Thanks for the good work! You rock!", "good for killing time. computer realy hard to beat after 1st few levels.", "it was very challenging. i just started playing chess so i learned alot", "this is a very efficent chess game i like how the game provides diffrent levels but i would like if you also added a timer to play with the comuter and friends", "it is very easy and little bit of tuff but very very very good it is and from this app my chess skills are also changed it improves my chess skills.................................and at last I would to say thanks to this team of chess", "it is pretty good. it makes the same mistakes that most people do when they begin playing chess.", "I'm not a particularly stro chess player and I've only reached medium level but so far this game plays some incredibly bad chess.", "I love it middle level is a little easy but I haven't played hard level like when I wanted to play the hard level it just popped up saying rate the app and I was like ok please DOWNLOAD this game it's so fun", "the game is programmed to deliberately force/avoid some moves.... frustrating", "I will delete this game, just one thing, what is the level name after grandmaster. For thoes who complain about hight levels checks, be shure the piece is not protected by others, and about draws, if the AI thinks is loosing than it will force a draw, by no legal moves left and not in chec, or by ma...Full Review", "fuuuuuuuuun and not like the old one kicking round that is in Sian unrealistic hard", "Does not work right. Would not allow legal moves during the game. Specifically, it would not allow a diagonal Pawn capture in the middle of the board.", "The game is a Scam! Don't install this game, it forces you to \"draw\" a game. Therefore your only option for getting to the other levels is to buy them.", "it is less intelligent ,giving way to win at last moment bad experience", "worst game ever ,when it saw it will difited from me it will make the game draw ,and also we can not move our dice frequently", "Awesome App I recomend showing a caption which explains why a certain play could not have been made", "I didn't know how to play before I tried this app, but the guide (green dots) was really easy to follow.", "very good and challenging game. keep up the good work. i love to play on this application. really nice game.", "Birdbath to get a chance to win a prize of getting to grips getting y u have a good day and I will not only to the right button at least .", "The begginner's level is assanine, the easy level is assanine, the middle level is assanine! The is no way to teach a person to play chess!", "i really dislike the game an app it is rigged so they can win no matter what you do an how u play", "my girlfriend is happy I can finally leave her alone about playing me in chess.", "there is cheating in this game they always say it's stalemate when I knock out all of there characters apart from the king .", "exlent game and good movings and graphics it very easy mode the chess game biginer students tq", "Addressing a good game to play and improve your skillset in a chess. The option to revert back is helpful for the determination of the misktaken steps you took. Overall good experience playing the game.", "Awesome game, difficulty scale is great but don't know how to castle", "I love chess it is the best board game ever invented I think someday playing this game I be great a chess", "i never have excited experience in chess before i find it", "so far so good. quite nice. just not 5 stars yet because I haven't played it long enough.", "Best chess game out there so far! It taught me how to play and made it so easy . Offering different levels is a brilliant idea, I can only get better!", "game is good but why only the opponent can do castlling why we can't plz help", "it is important to have guide regarding with how to 1. play this game with efficiency. 2. improve strategical planning 3. a demo for beginners.", "it's recommended. it kills time well and has a little nice graphics.", "This chess is the best whenever I play it randomly this is not working plz fix them.....", "Its to hard no one can get past even pc can't fix it so its a lityle easyer", "if they gave check using Queen they will won , if i gave check using Queen why I'm not winning even though the methods i followed are same as them ..?", "caggghhggn bbn Awesome for you can you can you are \ud83d\ude45 Awesome for you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can you can do that is that is it to be the \u0b9a\u0bc7\u0bae\u0bcd Awesome \ud83d\ude0a Awesome day of it to the \u0b9a\u0bc7\u0bae\u0bcd awesome to \ud83d\ude02 Awesome for you can you \u0bb9\u0bc7\u0bb5\u0bcd Hello to get it is that is that g...Full Review", "awesome app., although you need to include an option to play with someone offline..", "it's not fun or a challenge I beat it in three days", "vry bad game plz dnt install", "Game is fine, levels are also good, but from expert lvl when i m giving a chk mate, instead of winning popup its giviing me a popup of draw. i think you need to fix that. Thanks", "It's so fun and if it's way to hard you can just go to another level", "the best chess game can't stop playing not many adds", "very very bad game. When computer is going to loose then it shows to do draw. Really very fkc game", "Its the best app out there for intermediate players as well as beginner s, only if it had provided statistics of matches,then I'd have rated it 5 stars", "wonderful game, simply created with the purpose of allowing the game of chess to all levels", "bhrtreen\u092e\u095b\u093e \u0906 \u0917\u092f\u093e \u0915\u091f\u093e\u0908 \u0905\u0901\u0927\u093e \u0917\u0947\u092e \u0939\u0948 \u092f\u093e\u0930 \u0910\u0938\u0947 \u0917\u0947\u092e\u094d\u0938 \u0938\u0947 \u0926\u093f\u092e\u093e\u0917 \u0924\u0947\u095b \u0939\u094b\u0924\u093e \u0939\u0948", "Love this game when no one else will play with me", "THE BEST CLASH OF CLANS PORT I HAVE EVER SEEN", "very good graphics.and easy to play more over its free thank u", "STUPID AI...game is a draw when we are winning", "waste app whenever I tri to defet king it comes draw I don't like this app", "just regret downloading it can't get it off my phone", "It's al good.god looking out with this free app chess game.((&lt;/=\u00f7^&])", "Brain storming but there is a problem with this game.. I don't know how to catchlaps in this game ?", "great game. very few ads. I like the options for skill levels. maybe could include different views, and should include option for two players", "only thing I don't like is that 2 player doesn't have a 3D option.", "good since I haven't played like 30 years", "well its same as like old features that's why 4 star", "Very good game. I so something tricky and hope in the future I can use them as piece. I mean master piece.", "\u0915\u092d\u0940 \u0926\u093f\u0932\u094d\u0932\u0940 \u0915\u0947 \u092c\u093e\u0926\u0936\u093e\u0939\u094b\u0902 \u0915\u093e \u0906\u0924\u0902\u0915\u0935\u093e\u0926 \u092d\u0940 \u092e\u0939\u093e\u0930\u093e\u091c \u0938\u093e\u0939\u092c \u0915\u0947 \u092a\u0942\u0930\u094d\u0935\u091c\u094b\u0902 \u0928\u0947 \u0939\u0940 \u092e\u093f\u091f\u093e\u092f\u093e \u0925\u093e \u0905\u092c \u0915\u093e\u0936\u094d\u092e\u0940\u0930 \u0915\u093e \u0906\u0924\u0902\u0915\u0935\u093e\u0926 \u092d\u0940 \u092e\u0939\u093e\u0930\u093e\u091c \u0938\u093e\u0939\u092c \u092e\u093f\u091f\u093e \u0926\u0947\u0902\u0917\u0947\u0902 \u0935\u093e\u0926\u093e \u0909\u0928\u0915\u0947 \u0938\u0941\u092a\u0941\u0930\u094d\u0926 \u0915\u0930\u0926\u094b \u0915\u093e\u0936\u094d\u092e\u0940\u0930 \u0915\u094b \u0905\u0932\u094d\u0932\u093e\u0939 \u092d\u0940 \u092c\u091a\u093e \u0928\u0939\u0940\u0902 \u092a\u093e\u092f\u093e \u0907\u0938 \u091c\u093e\u091f \u092d\u0930\u0924\u092a\u0941\u0930 \u0935\u093e\u0932\u0947 \u0938\u0947", "Solid app. not the most challenging AI, but enjoyable.", "Quite disappointing. Even the medium level is more like a beginner's level !", "Very Very Bad App,Has ADS and no 3D experience in 2 players", "want to learn how to play? this is the one. enough said", "it is so wonderful game to play with this game we can show that we are genius and talented players \ud83d\ude18\ud83e\udd17but this game sometimes eat our Brian but dont warry install this game fast\ud83d\ude01\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29", "the arrangement of chess is wrong ,king must not be facing each other .", "Clean graphics, challenging levels ...my go to game!", "it is an nice game means you give easy then medium then hard that 's why i like this game", "wrong moves made by the app and sometimes I am blocked from making right moves", "it is extremely great to play chess with kids and so fun", "POOR! First game played on beginner, draw 'stalemate'. No my friend that is what you call 'CHECKMATE' !!!", "wonder full game which improves the logic and skills at no cost", "i never enjoyed playing chess on a 3-5\" board so much!", "chess is stragical game in which attack defence planing every thing required", "it's super glitchy the king is terrible it can't take out the queen", "great way for learning and playing def recom!!", "would rate negative 1 million because couldn't get past beginners level this game stupid", "so far this is the best chess game I've played, only 4 games in.", "very bad ,i will not win after i destroy everything", "nice chess game. Its so hard game.", "garbage. i make one move and the game locks up and/or shuts down.", "dumb it is not how you play chess\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude08\ud83d\udc7f", "bad game wI'll never play it again", "build up momentum. diu nienu chozuba nagaland.", "the game is very biased.. the computer always wins or if the player wins its a draw..", "this game sucks it said checkmate when i could clearly move out of it", "I'm very impressed. I have played it up to mid level and enjoyed it. I assume it will get markedly harder from here.", "overall the game is good but graphics could be better and should be some intereting videos in between like milling oppo ents queen, elephant etc..", "storm yo your brains like i do.I am nolonger bored", "Great game! I enjoy it too pass the time before the world ends.", "I love this game I can't always buy it so I got this and it's just like the real game", "every time I'm winning makes it s own rules", "Very nice It is very useful to us", "it's a good game. didn't know you have it. I like it.", "worse game....worse game i hve played in life don't download this game anyone this game doesn't provide any necessities to win .All system does partiality .worse game", "Game mechanics work well but really sleazy ads..", "it's good but the quality is not really good! but good try", "it is a wonderful game till you see the master.level which is ruthless and you can not concentrate Also yoh show tbe thumbs down which is penetrating and not liked by me", "not satisfied some simple steps also it is not putting. unnesserly it is losing powers", "it's chess mate. what can you hate?", "I love ches because it calmes me down"], "Ludo King\u2122": ["Worked fine before the update! Now videos won't load so no option to get extra coins and gain back lobby amount if you lose a game. My odds were pretty good and no suddenly I'm losing before I even have 1 person home. Getting frustrating!", "one new bug, my turn skip automatically. i am seeing and other 3 playing. in online game. very stupidly funny. i don't have any network issue or net problem. for your information i am using 40mbps fiber broadband.", "i want to give a suggestion. in the game, our coin should enter inside layer only after killing at least one coin of any of the opponnent at least once. then even though one has all the coins outside and went far to complete,need to wait for other opponents. it will be fun. it is not new it is there...Full Review", "worst game ever.... scripted game.. whenever you r going to win automatically one of ur apy got eaten by opponent.. i suggest to boy cot this game as soon as possible.. if there is provision of negative rating.. i will rate this game as most negative rate. very very bad game... worstest game i have ...Full Review", "The game now shows up on Google Play Games with your achievements. Wasn't logging history before. The only gripe is the mini ad at the top hides the save/exit tab. Seems more stable now. I've noticed that the play against computer version has improved. I used to win about every game knowing how the ...Full Review", "Don't download this game. Worst game on Google play.Game developers say that game is without interference but they lie. Most of the time game is biased and mostly, player with higher level win.There is no control of the player over the game because who will win is decided by GAME at the starting of ...Full Review", "many a times it so happens that I'm on my win but the other opponent who is still very far gets all the good numbers to get a win. and me keep waiting to get that measly number 1 I think you guys are improving.... cause today the game was not the same as before. Thank you", "I want to play with four and only one get selected. Instead of it please select no one. Dice numbers are very much chosen. When anyone comes to other starting point then another one definitely get six. Bad one.", "Usually play ludo king with my colleague s in lunch time. which has built up unity in our organisation. Also play with family online because I live alone in Sriganganagar and my family in Indore. good to enjoy n timepass. excellent feature pair player.", "Good time pass game. But dice roll is always biased to the opponent. There is no random distribution or uniform distribution in dice number. Looks like higher level players and guest players are made to win to retrain and attract them respectively.", "Pathetic game...Ludo is a fun game but you guys have ruined the fun of playing the game with your biased coding...never gives a fair chance to win..always favours higher level players no matter how well i play but in the end only opponent will win!!! Better make the game fair or you'll lose all your...Full Review", "It is a good game but when you play online you always lose that is called cheating your game doesnt let the one who chose online playing win. its not fair you should try to make it a fair game if you dont i will rate it o star. well the truth is that i really hate your game. please make changes\ud83d\ude35\ud83d\ude35", "It's ironic that the new bug fix which is supposed to resolve the error of game-crash is CAUSING the games to crash. I have been losing games even before entering the game room post which the automove sets in and forces a game loss. Screenshots of other bugs were sent months ago. The team doesn't ev...Full Review", "game bakwass hai.. meri 3 goti andar chali gai... aur opponent ki sirf ek... ab mein last goti kaise chalu isska koi option toh hai nai... fir bhi mera opponent jeet gaya... 2 baar meri gooti maari iss becch.. aur aapka algorithm kafi had tak fix hai... kafi saare dice number kab aur kahan kaunsa aa...Full Review", "Sometime it's too partial... and to annoying me... coz my dice get 1 or 2 nd my opponent got 6 or 5.... that time feeling too worst \ud83d\udc4e please makers improve your game \ud83c\udfae and make equal both opponents this time I want give you one star.... please improve", "hyy creaters of this game. nice. I was just missing my village type of game which is similar to this but you guys made me happy. I always play this when I get bored in classes, metro and so on", "Nice But one more thing... online playing Game for Mobile Data This Game is Very slow working so many times hang and stuck Very Bad Network connectivity", "In the starting I was not liking this game app but after some updates think it's improve , ( i looses maximum of time but it's not about winning or losing , its only about enjoying) , i hope this app will provide updates which are more helpful and enjoyable to all players... only one thing i want to...Full Review", "Update changed the game for the worse why do you keep changing it and ruining the game? i would give 0 stars but it wont let me", "It is a truly biaised game, thats it. I was playing my last game, and i thought i would check on the comments section to see if I was the only one who think that the game was biaised. Not a surprise that I see so many comments saying the exact same thing. Well its uninstall for me. You might have no...Full Review", "win or lose please give a chance to get back the coin.. so many indian people and they be the winner because cheating", "Well concept is pretty much interesting you can have fun with your family or friends and best part you can play with anyone around the world... this game is very much addictive but sometimes it hangs as i didnt got my coins even after doing few task which could provide free coins", "The worst game. its all fixed and the opponent gets the numbers as he wants. we try level best to play tactfully but dice supports the opponent only.", "Ludo King is awesome game... Bt same time my game is automatically loose.. I loose my 1000000 lac coin... So bad very bad..", "lagta hai dusra ludo download karna hoga ...har 2,4 din me update aur kaisa update problem to door ho nhi rha hai koi acche doctor se dikhao bhai\ud83e\udd23\ud83e\udd23\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02", "very nice game to time pass. I play this game whenever I get bored.its really a boredom killer.", "This was a worst app. this game totaly work on bias startergy. when game will start game decide who will win & work according to that. i have some questions for developer....(1) out of four one player get good number, anothers are in waiting.... (2) how it is possible continue 8 times i get same num...Full Review", "cheating the game.... so depression Man of the mind,this game is a loser.... I am uninstall now.....\ud83d\ude4fplease friends no install tha ludo Game.. \ud83d\udd2bdon't play pls", "At sometimes, this game was awesome but with the new updates I feel so bad about my experience with this game. Now I hate this game.", "It's manipulated game they know who will have to win just they want to buy coins only cheating going on 0 star the game should be on luck and for enjoy not for cheat it is addictive game but it's fraud......gamotronix it's fraud", "Why this game favours only one player..?? I played online match with some random dude.. He got more than 10 sixes in that match.. But I only got 5 six.. Is that not sound foolish..?? Fix this issue..", "worst and cheater......like 8 ball pool..bcoz they control d dice so don't waste ur time guys...coz they choose the winner\ud83d\ude0ebastards", "thanks again for your time and consideration and look forward to hearing from you soon and we can get a chance to look at the end of the day tha isliye are pgal me know if you have any questions or need any further information please contact me at the end of the day tha isliye are me know if you hav...Full Review", "crooked games with cheating opponents. seems very coincidental that the cheating opponent seems to get the exact role of the dice.", "latest update 22 feb \u2605 Win or lose! Get a chance to get back your coins. video just buffers 95 to 98 % & message oops. try again r u kiddig or jokeing please fix it", "It's a good game for make friends from all over world.. but once we add already our Friend then still we cant text them..could you please do something change, so we can still text our buddies while they are offline!!", "This is an awesome game for ludo lovers and v can make buddies in the game and v can play online with other player OVER ALL THIS IS A FANTASTIC GAME:-).", "Very Nice and easy.. Boring killer game.. Please update to choose opponent and update self written wordings chat options with opponent.", "Very poor network connectivity , game hanging too much , after update network connectivity issue even if you have 4g network then its showing poor network and all five moves automatically gone so i think technician need to some improvement in ludo king and now these days ludo king owner focus on onl...Full Review", "time out moves by system encourage ppl to waste time. they should have a disadvantage rather than advantage", "was great until latest update, now videos will not play to allow you to win diamonds/coins and also why is the diamond video watch reduced to 3 when it was 7 previously. was a good game until the new updates", "very worst app you will win the starting matches but when you play more than 2 or 3 matches then you will definitely loose it these all are tactics of this app its all pre planed we are just playing as pulpits and nothing else", "I really love this game the only thing I miss is a prize so that u get more popular and exciting \ud83d\ude0a", "nice game...enjoying it...loving it... but the vidoes giving problems to load... buffering often and not playing... have to keep on retrying... can something be dun asap..thanks", "the game is fabulous....though with my new phone having notch display there is some bad screen adjustments.....the thing is it won't display in full and there is black screen below my screen...thus bad impact on playing ..kindly please fix this problem as it dont have any strech-to-full mode...even ...Full Review", "Shittiest game in the universe... poorly designed, awfully biased shuffling of numbers, regular players always win... May the founder of ludo rest in peace.. because developers have really destroyed the original game by making it money making tool..Have some shame & at least make it fair for everyon...Full Review", "setelah pembaruan jadi semakin gak asik, video loading aja malah harus retry.. no good lah jadi lemot", "Oppsite side play Automatically fixing. Boaring", "talk by Bull be em out up it you can see the attached file is scanned image in PDF format you have any questions or need any further information please contact me at the end of the day of the day of the day of the day of the day of the day of the day of the day and I will be in the future of our gam...Full Review", "worst game ever bilkul bakwas game hai dosto dice me hamesha opponent ko achha point aata hhai chor hai ludo king", "The game you have updated is not working at all .No any people is searching although my network is all right. So update it as it earlier is.", "say to no download Gamotronix ludo king worst and biased game ..opponents easily win opponents using tools", "seem to get more stressed playing this, than looking after 5 kids on half term", "i don't like this game because i levelled up and didn't get ludo coins . it is horrendous. \ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude24", "It is not suitable for timepass, bcoz if my bid 50000 thousand coin and unfortunately I lost my bid so directly will be deduct the coin amount from my store, if I win the bid of coin amount I doesn't get bonus points or coin, why??", "Nice time pass... But sometimes it gets biased for specific color player.", "Not good to play in new version. Cause of disconnect issue", "i had a very bad experience not once twice because irrespective of the fact when m tapping the screen to move it doesn't work instead it showed me automove exhausted. That was my last winning move. Glad!!!", "for what purpose diamonds are used for? pls tell me. i dont know how to use those diamonds...", "If you are winning coins the system will be got biased to make you loose repeatedly.", "bad game crass always i have lost 2lacks coins", "all the moves are pre decided... it is a biased game with fix alogorithm and logic", "this game is not good. its kind of selects a lucky person or a winner and a losing person in the start of the game. great programming guys.", "Sound is too loud and annoying when u suddenly open app and has to low volume immediately before start playing.", "reminds me the time of my childhood we used to play this in train best family game i want to give 7 stars but i don't like those adds after every game. please remove that", "the only thing I have bad to say about the game is that often Times it cheats", "it's very good game I like it and my friend and me play this game daily because we are unemployed and I get money form this game", "after updating the game so much issues to play with people who have old version.. even so much issue in adding buddy", "this bed after playing 30 step it came 6 so i lost 20000 coin it not best for me", "addictive game...recollects all childhood memories ...we use to fix a time daily to play with each other..its a great fun...n atleast all friends n loved ones spend some time n enjoy together....", "It is the Indian App that is what the Indian players are winning most ?? Fix every table, why? Winning games are lost. If you have won the game, why did you open this app for everyone? \ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21 They themselves can sit and play. And spin-off coins are always the cheapest coins. If this happens, Ludu King...Full Review", "ME GAME IS THE BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED", "Nice game. Please come up with the real money betting option.", "its addicted..but once you win for 3 - 4 times than the game will not make you get more number in rolling and then you loose continuously 5-6 times ..very bad", "game often crashes despite strong internet connection. algorithm doesn't make sense. often lose in consecutive games despite almost being at point of win.", "luxury is excellent!Lido is a game which one n all appreciate. Thanks!Just recently updated this Ludo King, Why necessary to update again", "dont play this game..already fixed for high level players..", "when we online play some people do cheating.", "this game is the best, it makes feel like i am playing those old days board games which i am a fan of. buh is it possible to play with someone you know", "A fantastic indoor game which will never let you feel lonely.", "You are looting the customer. There is nothing in new version. Rather than the value of rewards has been decreased.", "opponent with cheat is not fair", "Very bad online game", "every time I play, it kick me out and loss my coins.", "its worst game ever played.it doesn't work in presence of network and let opponent win and moreover we lose more games than win although opponent have two tokens to play through all houses and you are in your own home for final roll like 1 ,most probably", "it is very nice game i am daily but it is problem with my real photo it look ugly it i am deleted this game\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude24", "And where my 35k coins.. After updating the game i have lost all my coins..this is cheating by the game developer..", "starting 6 or 5 not coming ending 1 or 2 not coming am not enjoying.", "not Good very haked this Ludo game..other Devide played my game", "not a fair game. always high level players are win. low level player are fail.", "nice game but Most of the time I lost and others won very bad all the time losing and 2250780 coins all lost and now my coins is 1200 only", "I have not played Ludo in a long time and I use to have a game of it not on the mobile ***** i prefer this one its much better thanxs admin \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\ude01", "mujhe lavel289 ke baad aage ne bad rahe he", "very bad app no palyer is ready to play at some time", "always it looks like that game is already fixed.this is the wrst game i have ever played . when playing online it is already fixed ...other player gets more dice number and fixed number . i dont even want a one star for this ..its just discstng.", "its good but when i am going to sure win same time my opponent got perfect dice no to kill my apy...its stupid", "Good game. but don't understand the value of coins in the game. that's why 4 star", "it is wrost app because online gaming is not fast run and hurry up the discuss game", "THERE SO MANEY GAMES OF LUDO ONLINE BUT THE LUDO KING IS BEST THAN ALL LUDO ONLINE GAMES", "worst game ever I played and computer system is cheater.", "not a good update. video keep on loading nd loading. ne at it says loading is failed.", "this game is very relaxing.. I love to play this game all the time. \ud83d\ude0d", "I hv bought full version in New version after game finish it gives try ur luck pls remove this ad in paid version if I want to try I will spin in main screen", "I FIND THIS GAME TO BE REAL CHEAT CHEAT CHEAT CHEAT CHEAT CHEAT!!! IT ALWAYS LET IDIANS WIN REGARDLESS!!!! CHEAT NUH F!", "hey ! while opening app error shown 'stopped'", "this time killer this for only marathi bcz they are useless \ud83e\udd23", "worst game .when i play in online it comes network problem", "Wow \u092c\u0915\u0935\u093e\u0938 \u0939\u0948\u0902 \u092f\u093e\u0930", "Me my partner onely ply the same tim. Balance 2 player emety. So difult automatically computer playing other two plye", "Awesome game . Whenever I feel bored I play this game . It is an awesome game for time pass . i personally love this game ,and suggest everyone to download it \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "worst experience everything is scripted computerized data....worst horrible software", "People are using hack version of this and win all the time, even if they get 3 they get out of the house as if they got 6, you should do something about it", "Net work issue always Very Bad Game", "very bad experience this game playing one side", "isme jo coin he unko redeem krke money me convert kr ske esa system ho maja aa jaye", "stupied game.the komputer sets whoes gona win.", "most of the times this application automatically trashed down.", "wifi is not connecting even though good wifi network", "it's not realistic enough... we can't have 3 six", "funtestic job... some changes required ..keep it. up", "Too good its geniune u can play anywhere any time even with ur fmly & frnds too enjoy lots", "veryy bad graphics frnds i have a Samsung galexy note 9 now what should i say about this game i just want to remeber my old days but this game does not a good choise y", "one of worst game in the world... loading again and again... delete it now", "ghatiya game h hr bar hr kici ki same game same numrs aty h or last py b ak num k fraq rahkty h itny fix numrs hoty h k saf pta chal rha hota h k kis player ko kn sa numer any waly h", "you dedicated all my points..I am very disappointed", "\u091c\u093f\u0938\u0915\u0947 6 \u092a\u0939\u0932\u0947 \u0906\u0910\u0917\u093e \u0935\u094b \u0939\u0940 \u091c\u093f\u0924\u0947\u0917\u093e", "it's a great game for everyone . I love it so much \ud83d\udc4d", "There is no proper use of diamonds, those are waste in fortune wheel, keep coins that are useful", "bhai, ye coins ka kya krna h ese hi weatage m hi jayenge kya .i win 50000 coin", "game so slow lage online so slow hange", "Aapka new update bilkul kaam ka nhi h bekar kr diya game ko", "very bluff game for stealing money.", "After update it's worst game ever", "Its a good game we all enjoy it too much.Thanks Ludo king for bringing this game.", "poor nEtwork altimes not play rIght time.. itz always loading. wrost app", "this app is so wonderful for children also and parents also . and we also play with computer or family members. I truly love this app. and also we suggest to old man or aunties to play this game.", "More Ads, After crossing a level 30, 30 seconds 2 ads pleaes do not download such a game.", "isme 6 ni aata h jldi", "Bakwas. Agr 1 star se km de skti to wo deti ise", "best game...but too much break.... and plz give more emojis......", "best game but guest alwez come to play then online player even alot of player shows online but guest is come and have to play with guest its not good", "its fully fun game.its remembering me child hold memories..", "good game,it is a time killer & mood elivetor game,i am fonding this game which is accompanying ,my loneliness has finished,i am busy with this indoor game", "its a amazing game bt yess its takes a lot of battery while playing", "i hate this game. ads ars ads everywhere.", "very nice game ludo king mein bout maga ata hai online jab khalta or maga ata hai", "fixed game do not trust", "i have a problem in New version update", "love it. good for killing time!", "I wish there was an option to play with your friend and then go online with other random players", "huge problem some time so light weight development", "very bad game. it is biased.", "MY BEST GAME LUDO KING I LOVE THIS GAME VERY Much \ud83d\ude4f\ud83d\ude4f\ud83d\ude4f", "this app is not I am satisfied is not ludo king . I m only satisfied is gta .", "while online play it stops working", "please added last seen function", "all is OK, but increase speed of this game, and option for money generation...", "a great game for entertainment....keep up thr good work...request the developers to add more features to make it more exciting", "\u0917\u0949\u0925\u094d\u0938 \u0932\u0949\u0921\u094b \u0938\u094d\u091f\u093e\u0930 \u0915\u0940 \u0924\u0930\u0939 \u0939\u094b\u0928\u093e \u091a\u093e\u0939\u093f\u090f", "While playing online it's Useless", "cheater game ! f*** ludo king", "This us a amazing game, it brings Friends and Family together. People of all age group love to play it.", "Everytime i get one six then opponents get three or four time six so we lost game. Why so. I have currently lost four game. Reply me", "the game is glitch...if i play 10 games...i lose back to back...\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20", "so much add, irritating", "awesome game...i love this game very much...", "Suggestion: add live voice talking (like PUBG game) when playing with friends.", "The are slow in online", "this game sucks..waste of time", "i loved it very good game i love to play with my friend i just live my childhood again thank u..", "this is amazing game \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\udc4f", "stolen my coins ....i m telling u plz return my coins.......u just want to be a good day at work and I'm not sure if you want me to do that to my house and get some sleep tonight or tomorrow morning at like half of the African American Horror movie with the kids to school tomorrow and then you have ...Full Review", "ludo King stop any time,even in the between of game,i don't like this.", "l am Loving this Games. it's full time pass and enjoying with Friends and family", "most falathu game plz dont down load full of cheating game nvr seen such falathu game", "wrost ...wrost game ..fake argues", "Love it but have to wait to long for the game to end when you win", "The best game in my life I have ever played with in my entire life", "this is bad and one sided gme", "Sir is me real money wala ludo aur hona chahiye", "very good Saheed Ahmed taim pass", "Mast ludo King \ud83d\udc51", "it's very predictable actually, and the dice rolling is not at all random.", "it is wonderful \ud83d\ude0a best way to enjoy real time playing with ur long distance loved ones \u2665\u2665", "nice game. i love this game all time.", "Very interesting game..i liked it really....Online,local multiplayer both options are available!", "Wonderful app for entertainment", "Kjo loj me ni fjal po lypke ** kejt sha i ka", "I love this..its our childhood game\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\udc4d amazing timepass game\u263a", "this is a wrost game I had ever played. I don't like this game and I will not give even a single star to this game.", "YOU SHOULD EDIT THE FEATURE THAT COIN TRANSFER", "dont play this game its a dummy and warst game", "paisa kaise earn kru m btao muje please", "sometimes it harassing me \ud83d\ude0f", "After the update, 200 coin from video is not working .", "Iam the Ludo king. This game makes me crazy", "this game has two game snake and ladder and ludo king 5stars", "Ye game download mat karna bahat kharap game hai", "when i cut the player than player one token not out of game", "it's best game for timepaas"], "Checkers": ["I liked the game. But for some reason, I was uncomfortable with the idea that the \"Begginer\" Level was quite hard. I mean, not to hate. Its just that for me, the Begginer level would not be that hard. I'm very, VERY sorry if I offended you. If you want or can, you may delete this comment. Thank you.", "once you get into expert stage the computers moves become repetative..jumps you cant make but computer can? then if it becomes a draw you automatically lose even though you have more chips...game is a joke", "My favourite with nice colors of the board.Winners get a cup moreover at advance stage /level. More so they appreciate constructive criticism; thanks for the update.", "This app is fantastic! It uses very little storage space, and it rarely glitches. I even downloaded its chess app!", "Because I do like to win. I think this particular app helps you to learn and understand how to play checkers even more. The levels that help you to win. It is fun, because, I do like to win. My opinion. This is the best Checkers App Thank you very much.", "I really enjoyed playing the advanced game. it's agressiveness really caught me off guard. I think you have a winner here! Thank you. MJB", "I really love this game, ive always enjoyed playing checkers.im in a wheelchair now and can't really leave my house and so this game is a great way to pass the time for me.", "Superb game especially when mandotory moves are off. I hate the fact that I can't finish it because it gets tough levels by levels \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02", "The program will make repetive moves to keep from losing pieces, thus gralpinv the player into a nevering cycle of useless plays.", "Haven't played Draughts for many many years.Brought back some great memories from years gone bye.Do enjoy playing it.Thanks ever so much for making this possible.", "I've all ways love playing checkers bc it keeps my mind on where I should go and make sure that I dont get jumped as well", "STUPID IT DID NOT GIVE ME A CHANCE TO WIN THIS GAME IS POOP!", "other than being forced to play on several plays i personally rate this game at 4 stars.", "once you reach hard its imposible to win and gets old taking space on your phone then gets deleate it.", "Excellent. Difficulty levels are challenging which is a great thing. I also have the chess app. Equally good \ud83d\udc4c", "its a good game but I will be happy if you can give me professional game. .", "Great game, would suggest adding play as white or black switch button within board", "This game legit cheack so much. Times when im about to win or just eat a pawn i cant even tho the bot just made the same move.", "I really enjoy this game is very good application, it need to be hard small is easy to win", "it gets trickier as u advance. its easy to get addicted.but adverts are a menace.", "It's a good game over all but to get 5 stars of me there will need to be a 2 player option.", "I am not a player.but this game had me a good player", "stupid and annoying. really frustrates you when you keep play. and it does not tell you what to do", "good game Only complant is that when you have an option, you can pny jump one way.", "bad cause u can't move were u want to.", "It was great to play with this app its really awesome and entertaining.", "make your brain active this is he game that give you challenges", "dumb rules not played right makes you make really bad moves", "It amazing experience to balance your knowledge playing different types of chess games.", "i give this game a five star coz its so Aweaome and fun but only one issue is about the ads but it does not trouble you much so plzz download this game its cool....", "It's a great app, it is theaches you how to be better, amazing really, many thanks! \ud83d\ude0a", "not the checker game I hav been play. had to get new phone. didn't like the option I had to choses from. **don't like to be force to jump opponent..\ud83e\udd14", "Excellent game... please allow Bluetooth multiplayer across two devices", "its nice but i can't make my own decision.", "I always luv to play checkers when I was five yrs old.", "This is an alsome game but could be better with long checkers.", "This game is trash because of mandatory jumps.", "other opponent can not set trap , it makes the game boring.", "best checkers game ever played worth the download", "four stars are enough cos there a no motivating trophies at a win..ovwr all good app to cut stress", "this game is trash don't recommend it all \ud83d\ude21", "it's really nice to play this game damn!!@", "very fantastic game... even though you can't eat back when its hard level", "Brings back fun old memories with my dad and sisters.", "it's a good experience to play checkers with a friend and the computer good brain thinking and it's fun so install and start playing.", "It is good game. specially Russian mode", "really good but the old versiin animation is beter", "challenging, the farther you get the harder it gets.", "Excellent! I luv this game.", "Great game have not played for a while and the advanced level makes you think", "Love love this game makes you think...", "way too many ads", "i really enjoy this game. lovely", "Love this game. it's graphics are good. Game play good and very few ads. All in all it's a great game to lose time", "it is a very nice game and very easy to play, and also challenging more to that, love it", "This is one of my best game, u love it\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "awewome , just awesome create an aspect where you can connect with other online players", "its nice I can really practice", "Saya boleh bawa dam haji ni kemana-mana sahaja saya pergi", "There's an issue with the sound while playing", "wonderful timepass & computer does not cheat", "The graphics are nice and the game is enjoyable.", "but need to improve some rules, implemetation like choice which one to take", "the mandatory moves are total b.s", "i like this because you have options to choose which one to play", "Has alot of gamemodes to choose from!", "do enjoy a good game of checkers.", "relaxing...reminds me of that time when this game was a part of barber shops for waiting customers to enjoy while waiting for their turns.\ud83d\ude0a", "Ai is extremely stupid.", "De app does not keep records of previous Games", "The game keeps me busy", "perfect game to work the brain.", "good i love how uyou can play multiplayer on this really good", "like this game just need better players to play", "its a good mind game just would be bette if u could jump the board with your kings as u could in real life. still good game though..", "great though too easy", "almost forgot how fun checker could be", "its booooriiiiiiiiiiing i hate this", "awesome game loveit..brings back childhood memories xx", "the best app with wide range of levels", "Great checkers/draughts game with a nice progression in its difficulty level.", "great game \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4f", "Awesome, enjoying it!", "Let's play it with two people", "very interesting good graphics", "It's a fun game. I like the different checker games.", "it calms my mind \u270c\ufe0f", "bring me to my childhood game", "this is bs, i have played better checkers with rules!!!!", "its good by the way", "The Best Game", "I really enjoyed this", "there is no way you can win in the hard leve\ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude23\ud83c\udf86\ud83c\udf86", "Enjoyable and relaxing.", "good game to kill time", "it good, but the king can't move many boxes at ones", "It wasn't this hard when I was a kid.", "xxxx\u00e7j humm minxfurtwoink print magic pemathozine .f #\ud83c\udf93", "EASY TO PLAY", "Not bereft of it's intention 'nor uninteresting", "reminiscing the good old days in our community, people used to play this or Chess.", "old school kind of forgotten how to play", "it keep me \ud83d\ude0e some time with my self", "dam well Fun!", "I like the game", "Love this game and addicted \ud83e\udd29", "love the challenges, mostly from the advance level to the champion level", "its good if you know draft i have enjoye", "I have defensive by my side", "i like this game almost for 20 yrs", "to much ads but it cool", "muzuri sana ,ujuzi mwingi utapata", "y u don't ttxaxaty txaa tq", "love the variety! first few games are easy and it does get challenging.", "very good job i am proud that this game is made by my brother thanks", "I like to play the game .", "one needs to think hard", "no comments so far", "it helps me relax greatly", "forces you to think", "right moves are ignored", "had a blast good game to kill time", "Draughts is one of the best game their is and i love it so much, I give it five *stars\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29", "it was good but sometimes it is lagging", "so great but its not the same to other checkers games", "this is good but also you have to improve option during play", "Very easy to use and good graphics please download high 5", "love this game so much but i really need to take backward", "That's good", "I like this game .", "a keeper of games", "so far it's okay", "Ai is repettative.", "very challenging game....awesome", "Good game just improve little bit on yr graphics", "such a nice game but please try and make multiplayer", "great make more of this kind of games , make it international system.", "a wonderful game indeed. I enjoy every bit of it. thanks", "nest in a small town", "online version please", "love this fun gsme", "fun to challenge yourself", "I injoy this game", "Very very poor indeed...", "it's been nice playing the game because it me in company", "very interesting but there's soo much advert", "\ud83d\ude0e game \ud83d\ude02 # tage David", "more harder if it can hardlevel is to easy for me", "I really love to play this game", "like it a little more better than other checkers", "very good game but too much adverts", "goood the best", "good fun", "ads are wisely used . game is complete nothing negative.", "very good", "It is very interesting and mind game. keep it up.", "it's a man's world when it comes to playing checkers I love it!!!", "my father game, one of the most favorite.", "Great app", "good timepass", "I like it", "its aightt\ud83d\ude0e", "its good game it makes you think.", "I like it\ud83d\ude18", "awersome", "very optional in selecting any country to play", "thanks so much for the update and for your response", "very helpful for brainwash", "good game if you like draughts", "I enjoy playing with you i like checkers", "very sweet game am really enjoy it", "great game", "Good for time killing", "it very hard \ud83d\udc4f\ud83c\udffb\ud83d\udd25", "its amazing to play and i play it all the time h", "good game", "nice game", "so good", "Its a great game, thanks for the amplication", "Good version. Very enjoyable.", "very good thinking game love it.", "nice one. I'm enjoying the game", "I love it too", "I love this game", "online play vs for 5/5 stars", "Very good and it has a wide diversity", "Very relaxing and challenging game!", "nice to make anyones brain to work", "one of the best checker games!", "It taught me a lot about checkers", "this game is improving my thinking skill", "very good it opens your mind", "not bad all levels are for begginers", "My game is very important for me", "I love how you made this!", "u see why", "its ok", "to many adddds", "not now", "its ight"], "Roulette Casino Royale": ["I love roulette this is Ads every 2 seconds. after any big win you have to back out cause there's no way to spin. awful greed is all this is. uninstalled.", "every time I get a big win it don't give an option to spin after and way way to many adds deleted", "please how do I withdraw after winning? No option of withdrawing why?", "quit with all the commercials once in awhile but not after every other spin ( come on )", "I hit big at the real casino .. this was my inspiration \ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\udcaa\ud83c\udffc\ud83d\udc8e", "very very nice game app.", "Good and nice game", "i'm either the luckiest guy or i am awesome. one or the other!!!!", "good game.brightchances to win", "easy nice", "Easy & Awesome!", "Bad bad bad", "good app. i like it", "lame", "Good app", "awesome!!", "good game", "fun game", "great game", "really fun", "hi nice", "Good luck", "nice", "good", "good", "great", "very good", "free game! no winning on big bets....naaaa.", "How do you benefit from this game", "Very addictive roulette game.", "Nice \ud83d\ude03", "Nice game", "WOW, super Roulete, I like it the rouling ball.  PS: doporucujem ruleta", "Terrible game", "I hate my life, but once happy my life that is clash of clans game coc game \nis more interesting that all games", "I very like tis gsme", "Cash money", "so agressive", "like this", "Very good game", "Like it", "Best game", "Game is good", "Nice", "Greedy", "Loves it", "Nice", "Excellent", "nice"], "Vegas Slots & Casino: Slottist": ["It's the best casino game I have ever played", "Fun to play!", "good app at all", "I enjoy playing it", "BORING... BONUS GAMES ARE LAME...ONLY THE SMALL DAILY BONUS...TIGHT. I HIGHLY DO NOT RECOMMEND AND UNINSTALLING", "Couldn't win anything big to keep playing, and to get free spins and bonus rounds are very rare to get.delete", "Great game easy to learn", "Love it", "Great", "Horrible. Hideous and confusing lay out. Boring , ugly slots. Buy to get starting bonus?! I wouldn't play this trash if you payed me.", "if you are having trouble sleeping, then this is the game for you. you will literally be able to fall asleep in minutes of playing this game .", "U call that game. Waste of data", "Hello that s just good enough thanks.", "Is a very good game. Wish a enjoy. Very. Much", "It's fun & different from others. Fair game play & wins!!!", "Very entertaining pleasing.", "Let's try", "Very nice games", "Love all the graphic and design of the game it's awesome", "Love it!", "very good", "Kindo", "Very good", "Good game", "Brilliant", "Good", "Good", "nice", "Enjoy", "perfect"], "Real Racing  3": ["Super fun and a great learning curve, gives you complete control over what things you want to turn off and on to control your car. well done. my only issue is that the event cars are super expensive to upgrade and money is a little short in supply, but I'm only lvl 20 so that may all change. but I'l...Full Review", "The single player is decent on phone/tablet strong enough to run it. But. The cars are ridiculously expensive. Someone counted that for completing the game you need about two years of continuous play or something like 3000 eur. And it would be great to have more tracks. The game would be less tiring...Full Review", "If I get it it right then this new update has forced ads after every event, atleast for me atleast skippable. Now a new idea for you, instead of showing distance to the racer infont of or behind me in units of distance why not show it in units of time. Would be more fun in my opinion. And also somet...Full Review", "The game itself is fantastic. other then the difficulty spikeing sometimes for no apparent reason its flawless and amazes me how good it looks on mobile hardware. After the new update I've been getting ads after every single race, this is pretty much a deal breaker for me i cant stand them when ther...Full Review", "Game over( After last update with adds after each race the free version is not actually free. You must see this stupid adds all the time or pay. And it is not improving in terms of stability. All that crashes and memory issues are there for a long time. The only good thing is the nice graphic. The r...Full Review", "Xlent graphic, xlent responce to controls, many variation of racing. Just an absolutly brilliant all round game. So good infact apart from Demolition Derby, I have deleted all my other games, so addicted to it.Thanks fantastic. Worth at least 10stars. Hopefully will see some TRUCK racing at some sta...Full Review", "I've been paying this game for years and this is the worst thing you could do to it. The latest update plays an unskippable video ad after every single race. This update is total bs. Don't you have enough money EA to do something like this. The game is all good except for those ads. 5* without ads.", "The game is not good anymore, that policy of ads is a pain on the ass. instead of force people to see ads, make them pay for the game, if so then the game may be good again, we probably have to pay for the game and enjoy that's it. I understand that you want yo be profitable, but this? seriously? so...Full Review", "Remove ads after every race. I have been playing this game for years. I had even done in app purchase earlier still you guys are not satisfied inspite of making all this money , worse update ever. Oh and happy birthday by the way, remove ads or it will be your last birthday.", "New update is disgusting ads so intrusive and to pay to get them stopped, I did this year's ago and now there back. so I bought some gold again and guess what still got the same amount of ads, feel ripped off. would give no stars if I could.", "Real Racing 3 is pretty much unrivalled as far as a game for driving enthusiasts on mobile. That said todays update 12.02.19 has tried to encourage more in app purchases. So what did they do? reduce prices to make it more attractive to free players? NOPE! they have introduced constant adverts rammed...Full Review", "I hate ads. That's why I made in game purchases a few years ago. Your game/software tells me I haven't done that my bank statement says different.. So now I get an advert every race I finish. I will contact your support. But the game loses a star each day I have ads forced upon me. After recently re...Full Review", "I've been playing this game about 5 years. at first i gave 5 stars to this game, but now i give 1 star. Why ? The latest updates is so annoying !!! Just Leave ADDS TO REACH GOLD OR MONEY as a choice !!! don't made it auto adds !!! after I play this updated game, I close the game, going to the playst...Full Review", "I love the game, graphics are great, gameplay is great, on the whole it's one of thr best games available for mobile. The only thing that bothers me id that I cannot customise the bodywork of a car such as hoods, skirts, spoilers, bumpers and all that. I would really love to see more bodywork custom...Full Review", "Brilliant game but if you win a race and return to it, why do you start in last place? Also gold is very expensive so why can't you exchange R$ for gold? And, it would help if we knew what the expected PR of a car was to complete a championship as sometimes you get near the end and don't have enough...Full Review", "Ive been playing the game for years and over the years the game got dull, predictable and repetitive. Just reading some of the users comments on forums shows how much excitement has been lost for the game with each update. Personally I think the game needs a free mode where you chose your own track,...Full Review", "opt out of auto play ads . buy something. .. I already paid like years ago for this app .... happy birthday indeed ! .... great game, great graphics. Would love some more circuits and cars.... Classic 60s le mans... maybe next year Pit stops... weather... Monaco! Keep it up guys ... still doing it f...Full Review", "I like it but just a few things like body kit customisation options,Subaru,charger hellcat,challenger SRT demon,Bugatti chiron,teslas,able to loan every car for multiplayer and teams,more R$ for completing races,offroad vehicles and offroad track's,selling cars and can you bring the v8 supercars bac...Full Review", "servicing of car should be in 1 sec,without gold coin, without waiting. remove waiting for servicing. except this,the game is good because there is no dirty photos,images of girls which r very irriratating ,boring, health damaging for all players,who feel awkward to see such dirty stuffs. steering c...Full Review", "Really amazing But one problem the last update every time auto play adds it's not good so please remove auto play adds. We need add we can select add choice please don't auto play other wise the next step the game will be uninstalled. so please remove adds really confused. waste of time so please re...Full Review", "I am a long time player (2413 races) and this game has been my favourite mobile game for a long time now. But the automatically playing ads in the recent update are a deal breaker for me. I already chose to view ads to speed up car services as it was, and that was fine. But now there is no choice. A...Full Review", "would have voted 4/5 as long as it was a nice little freemium to play. but ever since they started shoving the mandatory adverts down our throats, I am downgrading my vote. it has become less of a pleasure and more of a hassle.", "the gameplay is really good and I have been playing this game for a long time but the recent update has brought the ads and its an autoplay which is very annoying. Earlier it was quite good that ads don't autoplay. This new feature in the recent update is annoying and I feel very irritated. if this ...Full Review", "Best car game available on phones or tablets, graphics are very good too..... But the latest update feb 2019 not happy about watching a 20 second advert to get reward your part of EA Sports! please remove that ad after a race.", "OK THIS GAME IS BRILLIANT .... the developers have made an lot of effort to.stop.the cheating in this game successfully. I have been playing the game for 5 years and unless you cough serious money to get ahead in this game you will not get anywhere with it, the money I have spent I could have bought...Full Review", "i've been playing this game for months.. great pleasure of racing though. Control can be set for my own style, graphics also good enough. But i think i've played this kind of game before in my pc. looks like the same.. NFS Shift 2. looks the same but this one hve a lot more racing event.", "I have been playing this otherwise great game the last 5 years! And I have watched enough ads to pay for the whole game 10x. However it was my choice, ads were voluntary and rewarding. The last update is unfortunately a deal breaker for me, if the forced ads are not withdrawn before, or latest by ne...Full Review", "Totally agree with Jen Riki, been playing for possibly 4 plus years and update keeps pushing to buy out of adverts so have stopped playing til they change at next update I hope. Best driving game ever. Come on change it at next update.", "I playing this game for a while. Realy enjoying. But is to expensive. I mean,you cant win a car for free,you have to spend a lot of golds for upgrates to make sure you finish the level. Whats the point to saying \"free car\". Otherwise,the game its like a real car race. Like it but if you can,just mak...Full Review", "please, shoot down psycho who decided to put mandatory promotion video after each 30 seconds race. Keep away from this game unless you like to spend more time watching promotion than playing!", "Well I liked it a lot before you added a new update which has 30 sec ads after every race! I'm level 90 and I've been playing this game since the day it was released, I've made a lots of ingame purchaces, but I'm uninstalling it now cause ads are just abnormally annoying!!! I don't get it why would ...Full Review", "worst update ever, 30 seconds ads for every race. it's ridiculous. I've been playing this game for years and this is my greatest complain. you guys are joking. this is the worst review for the great game. not cool way to killing your game. oh right , i remember. this is EA what did i expected.", "The game has been far from perfect for a long time. Ranging from severe glitches to unfair racing. Issues with backmarkers, ridiculous online matching with people who have significantly faster cars, 1 or 2 races wiping out your cars servicing and too little money and gold being earned from normal ra...Full Review", "Forced ads after EVERY SINGLE race have totally ruined the enjoyment. New players stay away! Old players, stop playing until this company shows us the respect we deserve and fix this ridicule. No new worthwhile cars for some time now as well.", "what is up with the new FORCED advertising after EVERY race? its really off putting. what happened to the usual occasional \"star wars or nfl EA related\" ads that was NOT INTRUSIVE. and an ULTIMATUM to make an in-app purchase in order to REMOVE the ads that YOU GUYS put in the very first place? why d...Full Review", "used to be 5 stars but the game has gone so far downhill. the forced ads is a joke seeing as people already watched the ads for free gold and rs and for vehicle servicing and upgrading. the new update is terrible, boring cars, no new tracks and the current tracks repeated over and over. also sometim...Full Review", "entertaining, but the servicing mechanic is awful, remove all the waiting, shouldn't have to depend on gold to play the game, gold should be for cosmetics/paintjobs. currently taxing players. upgrades should cost R$. the AI is terrible, they run you off track trying to drive right through you. many ...Full Review", "This use to be a game worth a 4 star rating... but with the set of recent updates, its become a title Riddled with Guerrilla style advertisement. and its either they allow you to skip the video with no benefit to you, or force through the whole advertisement, award 1 gold credit, then have this obno...Full Review", "Great gameplay but the recent changes deserve 1 star. Now, after every race, we have to watch a 30s ad as if we don't already watch enough to cut wait times when cars need 3h servicing every 6 laps or upgrades take 1 day. Free to Play should be about a solid core experience with nice things sold sep...Full Review", "GAME OVER Played this for the last 3 years, but the recent update installed 12 Feb 2018 has stopped the game working. Will not boot, just freezes and then get the crash report. If it makes it as far as the menus it freezes on the first click.....and then crashes, time and time again. Removed game an...Full Review", "All in all the game looks pretty for a mobile game. It doesn't run all that good, but that can be overlooked when you consider it's strongpoints. The cars that YOU drive actually do handle the way you'd expect them to. But that's all i can think of, that they did good. Opponent cars seem to be keepi...Full Review", "This latest update has RUINED this once wonderful game! Now after every single race I get about 1 second of some random advert & then the fame shuts down & restarts again every time! This makes the game MUCH less enjoyable to play & I'll have to reconsider whether it's worth continuing playing! PLEA...Full Review", "The elite of mobile racing games with easy progression and doesn't feel pay to win unlike other mobile games. I will however only give it 4 stars due to it constantly asking to download extra data for the game and also the main career menu needs a tidy up so it's easier to use.", "Gold to purchase the latest cars is beyond a joke. Spent over 200 gold for this Mercedes Amg GT3 car. This is an average car. Please reduce the purchase for gold so buying upgrades are more affordable. It is a complete joke having to buy gold in in app purchases. In competition there are lot of hack...Full Review", "I Forgot My Password And Had to Get My Data Wiped.Please Make A Way So That The Stats Are Saved By The Google Account.So Whenever I Do Something Stupid And I Have This Option. Overall That Best Game.", "Real racing 3 did it,the real world racing has been brought to life in this game...wonderful.. only one problem in this game is when a car crashes during a race..i expect the cars to get damaged severely like the real cars do during real races..please do that for us..to look more real and also pleas...Full Review", "Awesome!!! Addictive game... But still I don't know if it is online or offline I rather want to make it offlone though... Please make it... Also I have a problem about the saves... I repair my car and quit the game... When I came back my saves are all gone! What happened??? Even I used the cloud sav...Full Review", "yall su*kers better do something about earning of gold. Its really impossible to get any cars or upgrades! you dont get gold for completing a stage and in the process you lose alot of gold in upgrading cars to complete the stage. This doesnt make any sense!", "i gave this game 5 stars a little while ago, but now it is useless, cannot play it anymore. it either freezes or just stops. also will not load properly. please sort it out.", "great game. howcome it does not have manual transmission? and please introduce blue flag to your AI's, they become irritating at times.", "loved the game till i got a new tablet now it crashes all the time & it wont connect to facebook its very frustrating cos im not computer savy. If i cant get help il have to dump & thats a shame cos its a brilliant game.", "What the heck has greed caused you to do? An autoplay ad after each race? I know I can earn a reward at least, but I want to choose when I do that - like I could always do before.", "worst update ever. remove ads after the race. after years playing this game sadly I will delete you Real Racing 3. cheers \ud83e\udd2c forced ads still annoying me.", "An update that brings up ads after every race? This is the worst thing to happen to this game..Why mess up with an already beautiful game? Thats just wack..", "I love this game but forcing players to watch one ad after each race is too much. I watch at least 85 ads every single day to get 15 gold plus the ads to speed up repairs and upgrades, so I totally miss the point of this new 'feature'...", "I don't feel that I am in a full control of the car. It brakes automatically. One star because you think that players are lazy and don't want to win the race by the skill. And I scared how mobile freemium/easy games are filled the market.", "time has come to uninstall the game.. advt after every race...sucks..this game just depend on gold coins only.. means real money.. they don't give gap between two limited time series and ask more gold to upgrade..and hence we have to put real money... don't play this game..it's just money minded..", "Great driving game. I rated this game ages ago. Still playing it now. I love this game best driving game i have played and stuck with, if i could change anything about it. Maybe more colours for cars and a wider range of vinyls for deco. Amazing game. also higher gold rewards, n being able to colour...Full Review", "Very bad update waste of a time. We already giving you much mega bytes, and you people insert more pop-ups.", "I love this game but, too much granted for servicing the car even after we pay cost. Why are you guys doin this? it is ok if only have to wait for delivery car we bought, but for service??? come on...", "Dropping another star for the latest low, Auto ads only to be opted out by buying something in the store for real money!!!!!! The fire monkeys are basically only developing new ways to get into our wallets, almost only LTS left (testing our gold spending skills) every update they shove in 5 way too ...Full Review", "I've been playing This game for about 4 years now, its one of the best racing game for cellphone's out there, But recent updates are not really that great, The game has a motor sport section which has Nascar, Formula E, Endurance, But it doesn't have Formula 1?!. F1 is like the pinnacle of motorspor...Full Review", "Since I joined I felt cheated all along for the last 5 years, if it were not the best race simulation I would've been gone long ago. Sad to say. prizes for winning are far too low compared to the horrific car and update costs, also the R$ amounts are growing excessive without use, since too many upg...Full Review", "Alright then, ONE STAR ONLY. The reason? Who likes after playing every day for about two years, after update the app suddenly encounter the most stupid arrangement of all time, actually mother of all stupidities. I am asking myself if this is real after playing one game and waiting for the next, I a...Full Review", "It is a simply amzing game with great controls, amazing graphics but my only problem is that it takes up to much space you have to download the data for things like cars and races in the app so it takes up over 600mg of storage but apart from that could you add af1 championship type hing to the game...Full Review", "I believe your products are like crack cocaine and heroin to kids, the only difference is that your drug is digital in nature. Your bussiness model is akin to drug dealing, considering that you get more money from the more addicted, and there is no cap to spending on your games. This kind of bussine...Full Review", "Great game ever but the latest updates with autoplay of Ads is very disturbing and totally unacceptable. Must you guys destroy a great game with a whole bunch of ads. Fix this, I may change this review to 5 stars. Other than that, I will consider uninstalling it.", "Another great game that got an update that has now filled the game with Ads. Small term monetary gains for Game Devs via these horrible forced Ads - ends up with hardly anyone wanting to play their game. Such a disappointment!", "not the best anymore, because too many ads now! even I finish a race, I must wait until 30s to watch your ads! It's a bad choice to update the newest version... I want to race, not to watch your ads! \ud83d\ude40\ud83d\udc4e goodbye, uninstall it now... \ud83d\udc4b", "Game was fun, but ads are ridiculous! There is an extent where you cant skip the ads at all unless if you purchase something from the app. Seriously, were you guys that despo? Not removing my poor rating and reviews until this has resolved. So unacceptable!", "The best racing game on play store. There are 2 drawbacks to the game, though: 1. after installing a 1GB game you are from time to time asked to download 'assets'. even if you choose 'download all assets' which will be a whopping 1.5GB, still the game wouldn't leave your data connection alone; will ...Full Review", "Its a good game,I love this game but before update my game progess(cloud save) is 23.1% progress but when I update today it shows only 22.7% progess in cloud save with good network singlal. Please solve this problem.", "i have played since conception. i actually donated. are folk really spending $100's on levels and cars? new car - \u00a340!!!!!!! to actually finish game now costs about 3000 hours and $30,000 . these folk must be millionaires or their sons/daughters. as a previous statistic analyst these are ludicrous a...Full Review", "I have always been a Motorsports and racing games fan. Real Racing is a great example of what this kind of games are about, but in the last update they included a really invasive ad format, you have to see a 30 seconds (unskippable) ad after EVERY race.... that's too much I was a big fan of the game...Full Review", "Easy to play, graphics are great, but the large app that took up nearly all my phone's internal memory. The latest download came with this stupid reward add thing that keeps popping up ruining my gaming experience. GGGGRRRR", "All of the cars must be bought with Gold. Upgrades take insane amounts of Gold on top of that. I understand you must make your money, but prices for gold is off putting. Please provide 1 Gold with new forced ads.", "chose manual brake, brake on its own. why AI always driving slow in front of me on endurance? you did it on purpose?", "Turing into a monotonous piece of junk. I don't know how they expect a new start to progress in this game now. FM, you need to sort out the stupid bugs (collision detection for example) rather that adding money grabbing content through ads.", "So we now get screaming ads after every race? I've been playing this game for years but I will not tolerate being screamed at every 5 minutes. Remove the ads before I stop playing this game through sheer annoyance.", "SIMPLY AMAZING GAME WITH AMAZING GRAPHICS ! HEY, SPEND 1000GC AND WE'LL GIVE YOU 2GC IN RETURN ... FANTASTIC SPEND 10,000 GC AND WE'LL REWARD YOU WITH 28 GC FOR COMPLETING THE SERIES .... PRETTY COOL EH DUDE ?? NOW WATCH ANOTHER BORING AD AND WE'LL REWARD YOU WITH $2000, WHICH YOU CAN'T REALLY SPEND...Full Review", "There is one very bad thing about this update. After every event a 30 second ad pops up and there is no way to skip it. So please fix this. This game is the best serious racing game I've ever played. But there are two things which i think are missing: 1. Weather- why is there no rain? 2. I think tha...Full Review", "Favourite mobile game ever but the new update has ruined it! After all the years how does it make any sense to force 30 seconds of a pointless ad on loyal (mostly paying) users after every race. Surely the game has paid for itself by now", "EA has created a scam by enabling Auto Ads to get gold and disabling it by making compulsory in app purchase.... this latest update sucks..... 1 star for latest update,,, I would even give it a negative star for this particular feature,,, forcing people to make in app purchase to save their data....", "Awsome game would even better if had some options to set graphics and plz tell me when will you add BMW i8 ?? This game is already tough not the races but the way to earn r$ and gold It would be better to win 1 gold for 1 gold trophy earned", "Last time I played it, ads came only for 1 gold if you wanted, now there s an ad every time you finish a race and it s annoying as hell, I know electronic arts is a a greedy company but why fill the game with ads and making some of it s player base leave instead of releasing some small add ons and p...Full Review", "Don't download! This is not a racing game, but a disguised advertisement watching shitshow. Not worth it. Annoying ads after every race \ud83d\ude21\ud83d\udc4e Almost everything in-game costs ridiculous amount of gold. E.g. 1000 gold cost about $100, which is not even enough to buy and fully upgrade one high-end car. ...Full Review", "Game is awesome but the latest upload make the ads auto appear every single time you finish the race and you can't turn it off unless you make a purchase in games. In short, this game has hit a new low.", "my number one car game . this game is amazing. but the gold cost too much for this game . iv got ove 60 cars with out paying a penny. and also please get rid of the cheaters . there's a hack for this game you need to find it and destroy it", "very good graphic but so selfish game giving GC's and RS prizes economically.i've been played this game for more than 4 years but still i have no further progress 2 star for you rr3 is enough.", "Been playing this game for some years now and regularly but the amount of gold i have used and earned is nothing in comparison to what some of the vehicles are worth. I love playing this game but my progress has become really low . Why are all your updates , vehicles all cost so much and is there an...Full Review", "Need track changes,countries,climatic conditions, tractions,using alternative tyers,drizills,hard rain,visibility unclear with all visual displays, co'mn, grounds,take a break & u geniuses! Iditot's r we race,to live...just overhauling will be great,enough of bullshitting around with being a real ra...Full Review", "I've loved playing the game for more than a year now... But this new update that auto plays an add after every race unless you buy something with irl money ruins the immersion sadly... If this auto play add feature is a permenant thing then I'm pretty sure il get real tired of it soon enough and uni...Full Review", "Nascar update is the worse! a wide variety of cars ! small number of tracks ! now with forced adds after every race ! now it's having that cheap flavor of a homebrew game not a product of a big company ! after years now comes the forced adds after every race ! if I'd known that ... and have a happy ...Full Review", "Nothing is free, don't even start unless you have lots of money to give them. I have played this for years but NO MORE. Money grubs, stay away, not worthy of your time. Nothing's changed still rubbish.", "Brilliant game, excellent fun, enough of a challenge to keep any game fanatic going for hours... My rating for it did just lose one star overall though, because now it has auto pay ads, unless we make an in game purchase. Suffice to say I'll be playing a lot less of this game now.", "The latest update has broken the game on my tablet. Reading the comments about intrusive advertising, that's probably a good thing. Ah well, it was fun whilst it lasted.", "Negatives - expensive in relation to gold, and no different road surfaces or weather variation. Positives - excellent graphics, lots8 of cars, playability. Very expensive and poor updates of late", "I used to think it was a 5-star game but this latest update is disgusting. Ads after almost every race is a clear indication where your game is headed. I'll be uninstalling if this doesn't get resolved", "This is the third update on my last two reviews. On my last review, i did mention about Online Multiplayer Matches which has, not only been fixed but also has been turned into something really exciting! In a way this game is actually FLAWLESS! .Surely I miss the Special Events, which I am sure would...Full Review", "What Happen??? After the update, the Ads become worst in every race & it makes my phone freeze many many times after the ads pop up!! it really become annoying because i must reset my phone that getting Freeze very often, please revert back the update & disable the Ads!!", "Looks like the problem with the particular ad has been fixed so I updated my review. A conservative 3-stars this time for the new autoplay adverts. \ud83d\ude0e", "Why I got suspended?! I didn't do anything! I play normally and didn't cheat! Fix this", "Best racing on android so far, challenging, quite realistic, on track - love it \ud83d\ude01 Edited: Autoplay ads after every race? Few years playing it and you pull something like that? Come on! Game was great, ads were watched for gold but now it is like all other games out there. I'm moving to Assoluto Rac...Full Review", "this is the nearest thing you can get to real life racing- the graphics are astonishing , there are hundreds of events , and this game never fails to please me! what would take it to the next level though, is if they could possibly make it so that you can play in different terrains such as dirt trac...Full Review", "I have changed my rating for this game, I am giving it one star now from 5 because of the adverts after each and every race I finish. I hate that. You have ruined the game by forcing the Ads on us, its really frustrating to forcefully watch Ads. This was a perfect Racing game on mobile before the la...Full Review", "last updated ruined it. Cant play the game without a connection. Error 3: the time on your device isn't synced with our server please make sure you have an internet connection to continue.. because ifyou don't time will not pass by, servicing and upgrades won't happen", "After the last update there're too many ads. You can't even skip it, the only way is watching the whole 30 secs. Awful!", "Why man why? why autoplay ads? my phone keeps hanging time to time because of the ads. and I cant opt out of it. btw I am talking about this update only. the game is still great.", "wth is wromg with all those ads popping up after the race and tell you to pay in order to get rid of em' EA! HAVE YOU LOST YOUR MIND?", "ads are becoming more intrusive with each update, the difficulty system is all over the place, and the AI can't really attack or defend, usually just follows the racing line regardless of traffic", "I've been playing for the better part of 2 years over a few different profiles. suddenly with the new update there are ads after every single race. why? this makes me want to put the game down and uninstall... seriously... get rid of the ads maybe then I will give it more stars", "2 Stars \ud83e\udd14???? it's because of new update that ruined this game. That one feature that you added which is very frustrating when I play game right after one race an ad Pops up. I jus hate it. after 3 years you guys have disappointed me ........\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e", "I used to love this game. Now they make the players watch ads after each every race! All they cared about is money! What a trash game.", "Very good app for free, but am on gmt, and keeps telling me am not in line with the server, nothing i can do about that, plus you have no \ud83c\uddee\ud83c\uddea flag, that's a tricolour national flag for Ireland \ud83c\uddee\ud83c\uddea, which i find very disrespectful, otherwise its a very enjoyable game and would recommend it others", "Get rid of the video ads. After all these years (over 4 years) you' re forcing a user after every race to watch a video or buy something. Screw that. if you don' t change this soon I'm uninstalling the game for good.", "Was my best game until today. With the recent update you now watch a 30sec video ad after completing a single race. I played 10 raced and watched 10 video ads this morning. I'm done with this game for now. I should give one star but I loved the game.", "Givin 1 star cuz of the last update. 20 -30 seconds ads after every race.....and forcin me to pay to stop them.....wut???? Are you fo real!!! Been playin this game since it was released this WAS the best mobile game for me before the last update......GJ. Fix it ot quit", "The AI does not care about the player. It is \"the players fault\" when the AI drives into you and you get a speed penalty. There is no balance of difficulty. In some races you overtake all cars in the first corner and in others you need to overtake 15 cars, which have the same speed as yourself and a...Full Review", "The new update with the forced ads literally after every event makes this game almost unbearable. Its no longer fun to play and its a real shame.", "Great game but only if you plan to spend your money on it. At some point you have to buy your way through. All the new series and cars are worth the gold which you cant earn alot. Atleast not as much as the worth of the car, let alone upgrading it.", "This game rocks from last 6 years, till the last update. IT WAS AWESOME IT WAS REAL WAS REAL RACING, but now this update come with ad, after each and every race ad will playautomatically thats so much irritating now going to HATE this game just because of ads.... ads......ads.....ads.....", "Best racing game on mobile. The graphics are unbelievable and there's so much you can do in special events and career mode in this game. AWESOME!!! car collections and tracks too. Best ever. \ud83d\udc4f\ud83c\udfc6\ud83c\udfc1", "App requires too much money to play comfortably. After last update sounds start to freeze and lag permanently, despite the fact that game process executes in right way. It was very cool game, when I started playing It few years ago. Very sad..", "Hi real racing team I'm also love to play this game. If you don't mind, I' will tell you some suggestions - Please add these car and car brands like hummer, Jeep, Honda civic, mitsubishi, range rover, volkswagen, subaru, lykan hypersport etc. I hope my suggestions are helpful............ Thank you", "Addictive, fun. latest update means the game is now riddled with adverts, very frustrating.", "A full screen ad after each race and forcing users to make purchases gets you a 1 star rating Fix this!", "Once i fully upgraded a car to win it, but the level was too hard to achieve that disappointed me a lot, was in March 2018 i paid 100 $ but nothing credited to my account i asked for full refund but my request has been rejected", "When playing the game daily and checking in to receive the bonus prize, is great, but when the month has 31 days and check in daily, for some reason it jumps back one day, so you cannot receive the 30 gold coins on day 31. This is no coincidence or a one off, as it has happened since November 2015!!...Full Review", "Playing multiplayer is fake. Twice or three times I finish 1st and then twice or three times 8th. And always the same. Doesn't matter how good Im driving.", "Am dat o stea pentru c\u0103 \u00eencep\u00e2nd cu update-ul 7.1, Real Racing 3 nu mai este un joc free to play. Te for\u021beaz\u0103 s\u0103 vezi o reclam\u0103 dup\u0103 fiecare curs\u0103, dac\u0103 nu faci m\u0103car o \"micro\" tranzac\u021bie.", "now when you play it gets interrupted by ads been playing for years going to find a new game greedy people they make a lot of money", "Love this game. I've been playing for years now but can only give three stars because after the last update there is a ad after every race. Other than that happy birthday \ud83c\udf82.", "The game is awesome but I'm noticing that some of missions are not loading on my mobile.. I'm using redmi note 5pro mobile.. some of drag races and time trials are not loading..", "auto ads after each race unless you pay them. I'll be awaiting the update that removes those. EA greed at it's \"finest\" i especially like how they forgot to mention this in their \"what's new\" section.", "What's with all the stupid adverts in the new update?! Ruined a great game. Dislike.", "Thank u guys for making this game, It's the best racing game, it simply justifies its name REAL RACING!!! Everything is so real, my request is if u can add up more types of tracks n different types of challenges, it would be awesome!!!", "There are strange symbols and letters instead of icons, even the vynils are replaced with these strange symbols. Why is this so? Its really annoying and it totally disrupts the gameplay. Please fix this issue, EA. Thank you", "updating is very bad, every time you finish the race there are always video ads that playing automatically, is this the way you get profit, bruh??? I think many are sorry for this update, \"return to the previous update without any ads playing automatically after playing!!\"", "i was happy about anti-cheating in online multiplayer. but some ads have black while returning to main menu. changed rate to one from five.", "The game is perfect, however there's just one drawback - you pay for service then the time DOESN'T MOVE (stays at 3hours forever & i don't know why), also having the same problem with upgrading cars. So i would really appreciate it if they solve this problem (The Developers).", "i really love and enjoy playing this game and i just want to request that will you EA please add the Toyota Supra Mk.IV JZA80 in your next update! hoping to see the car in this game soon!", "Too many 30 second video ad to watch. Waste of time and internet. And if you want to stop the video, you' ll have to pay it.", "I would recommend to any racing enthusiast. I have been playing this game for more than 5 years, and it just gets better! Great stuff guys! Enjoy!!!", "The new update with ads has made this game the worst racing game ever !!! Please don't download this game anymore !!! I used to love this game but now I totally hate it because of its stupid ads !!!", "shows adds after every race and try to forces u to buy in-game money. This game is not designed to bave u fun but to take ur money and time.", "worts game i ever play. after wasting my time n energy i reach lvl 2 and i was force to buy a new car with my own money or i can't go any farther. i waited for 2 days it's still the same now i have to delete it. goodbye mf. i wish i could give 00 stars. these game should be remove from play store.", "still one star.with the new update,you came up with the idea of throwing ads anytime exept when racing,mostly with ads that the player can't skip.I don't know how much this is legal.any of developers feel free to answer.", "awsome graphics, and nice game play. Everyone must try this game.This game is ad free i.e dont have any Advertisement. love it", "Are you joking with the ads after every race? \"Give us money or watch annoying ads after every race\". EA proving once again what a money hungry company they are.. shame", "TO THE DEVELOPERS BIGGEST PROBLEM IS THE STORAGE!!!! OVER 3GB SO FAR AND CAN'T FULLY STORE ON EXTERNAL SD CARD. That's a huge problem when you consider other apps most people have. if you only have a 16gb phone this will kill most of what memory you can actually use. Why can't you make it so the big...Full Review", "Game was okay until i updated it and now you cannot progress without watching 30sec advertisments so annoying!", "awesome game, please remove ads from latest update it is so annoying.. i am still giving a 5 star as this game is still awesome. Very good work done people keep it up.", "Awesome game and graphics. one request add new cars.For example KOENIGSEGG aegera Rs,Bugatti Divo,LYKAN Hypersport. That's all.", "new update ads are disturbing, i like to listen to online radio while playing, but now this ads are stopping my radio that's annoying.", "it was ok until im being forced to make an in app purchase to opt out of automated ads after every race...uninstalled", "THIS IS THE BEST EXPERIENCE GAME RACE EVER...!!!!! but its need little two more 1 mirror and 2 in my phone the resolution is bad can you add more setting so i can give 5 star on rate gameplay and rate graphic", "Hi team and thanks for an awesome game . just wish it didn't take up so much space . 3.5 GB and building", "Excellent racing game. Yeah, graphics still amazing. Pity there aren't more popular tracks and some offraod races.", "played for yrs. now full of ads that lock up my phone and have to restart the game so un installed", "Was My all time favourite Game,but they've added compulsory advertisements and even the game crashes sometimes also the frames drop 2-3 times a race", "New 7.1 update ruined the game. Now I am forced to watch ads after every event.", "Still buggy, but i like this game a lot, so real to life than other games, awesome!!! but the autoplay ads is forced. Too much -_- Thus minus 3 stars", "way to much ads since last update. had to change my five star rating into three stars.", "This is a very good game and hoping to see some more features of racing like rally and F1 cars under redbull racing team and Lotus. Please make some lancer evos and subaru at hill climb racing series please", "With new update every single time i exit an event to return at main menu starts an adv and usually about casino. Really annoying.", "i love it, but the steering wheel and the gas pedal are everywhere when tapping on the screen, how about let the user put the in where ever they prefer of, for me I don't use any assistance in control, and one more thing can you make it from the starting line players can play the cas pedal making th...Full Review", "Great game but shame about the recent compulsory ads. it has become frustrating!", "i lile this game very much, and already made some purchases with it. BUT, the new update that made autoplay ads on 12/02/2019 make me feels like this game started to force everyone atleast make a NEW purchase so they can OPT OUT the automatic ads.", "most bad update till date adds are poping up randomly time to uninstall this game the game must have to review ita policy for adds", "Ads between every race suck. Last couple of updates have been boring. This game is on it's last legs.", "Why the hell you guys put ads in new update really not appreciated plz solve this", "EA why you put ads after racing is finished?? Sorry but I will uninstall this game (again). And if you read this... please don't download or update this version.", "this \"New\" compalsory watching of Advertisements is really outrageous!!!! just put a price to pay, this is ridiculous!! get a grip guys...\u2639\ufe0f\u2639\ufe0f\u2639\ufe0f", "great game for the last 4 years ...had to update and cannot reinstall properly...I guess I am done, it's sad that no monkey can help", "you people are getting more greedy than b4,see how long it can last b4 shutdwn,pui...knn", "brilliant game. always other cars/money to win. enough to buy new cars and once fully upgraded, you are able to compete for bonuses/gold/cars. love the lay out of the progression stages as u go also... could you please upgrade game which also includes off road races with cars such as land rovers, ra...Full Review", "If the game will repeat ads again and again then I'm going to stop playing this game for sure I'm playing this game since last 7 years it never make me feel bore but now it make me so do something related to ads either no more play Thank u", "Versi\u00f3n 7.1.0: Esta actualizaci\u00f3n es lo peor que hay. Al intentar correrlo, no pasa del logo del juego para intentar cargar el men\u00fa principal (jugando en una computadora con PhoenixOS como sistema operativo). Desinstalando hasta que sea lanzada una reparaci\u00f3n, o esperar la versi\u00f3n nueva el mes que v...Full Review", "horribly irritating to watch ad after finishing every race. No option to opt out ads", "Good but.. Can u guys put some new weels? And maybe an option that make you decide how big to pub this weels? Maybe since 15\" till 21\" for sport weels but cm on.. It's time to improve the customizatio. I don't want a NFS but... Weels apart, great game. I play RR3 since years and i still love it. Is ...Full Review", "After the latest update, the game immediately freezes upon starting. And yes, I know my tablet still runs on Android 4.2.2, but this is ridiculous", "you ruined this game with adds. l play this game for about 3 years, and l will uninstall it now. Adds pisses me of.", "too expensive. some time it will cost you more than $200 because you can't earn more gold", "It was good but not now. Watching a 30s ad to collect race winnings has killed it.", "online sux, unless u make other's car a ghost.. too much lag ramming makes \nit a terrible experience.", "RR3 was the best race game i ever play but until the last update, need to watch 30 second ads after finished the race..this was very stupid update..please remove the ads", "What happened to you guys? Why do you make us watch the ads? It was better when we could choose to watch the ad or not, but now there's an obligatory ad after each race which makes the game annoying.", "first of all one little replay to CARLOS ALVAREZ. \" italians, spanish and french are the only ones who wait outside the restaurant door for 50 cent, after romantic dinner with the wife \" I TRIED FEW OTHER CAR RACING GAMES AFTER A RESEARCH. WITHIN 30 MIN I KNEW DIRECTLY THAT REAL RACING 3 IS THE REAL...Full Review", "Thanks for sharing your favorite products and services to help you find the right place for you to know about it and it is not a big problem for me to the Crown Point of Sale and quick home sale and quick delivery and returns to you", "why after race automatically have ads??? i purchase with money and now with ads. Waiting for the update like before so i can install again. now i have uninstall", "his cutting using credit fight using I'll issue using to us think do", "This update always crashed the game when I'm connected to internet. But not on offline. So cannot open it when i'm online.", "a great game ruined by constant ads and being essentially blackmailed into buying something as its the only way to get rid of them thats total fkn Bs EA", "seriously? push ads that are 15+ seconds long aftwr every race? how freaking greedy are you guys?", "got no words in any language to describe this superb excellent extraordinary best ever Car game with more details which gives a experience of real racing but one small problem which I felt was the size of the game but was worth it for that space", "Hai.. I think you should add more car manufacturers such a Honda. I glad if you can add this manufacturer.. Because they also their own fans. I will give 5 if you add Honda", "Exellent Game Real Racing Is...But After This Update I 'm facing too much ads...pls work on it", "Forced ads after every race = game ruined and unplayable. Sad times.", "The latest apdate it's totally rubbish. I wish to get zero stars.", "Great game. But grinding for gold becomes harder in later stages. And please work on shifting animations for pedals and gear stick in first person mode. The player shift without moving his fingers or hand. And if he moves then the gear stick doesn't move."], "Piano Solo - Magic Dream tiles game 4": ["is fun, interested,and is fun but hard bit i like that:3", "Bagus Cuy, Permainannya, Aku Enggak mau Berhenti, Enggak Aneh Dan enggak Gembosh Loooh\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude09", "Omg!!This game is the bomb!! It's amazingly good!\ud83d\ude31\ud83d\ude31\ud83d\ude3b\ud83d\ude3b\ud83d\ude3b\ud83d\ude3b\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18", "nice,pretty,cool,asome with music and sleep ;)", "the best app ever \u2665\ufe0f", "rd", "\ud83d\ude00", "awsome fun", "good", "it is awesome", "Excellent", "at first i was really slow but now I can go faster", "As soon as I discovered the notes play regardless of whether you touch them or not I knew I wasn't going to play anymore. I hit the tiles quickly, I hit them slowly, I hit them erratically and still the song played with perfect rhythm, the sound of the notes playing exactly when they were supposed t...Full Review", "Just an endless music game as long want to continue play and get higher score. Better play other game that score base in acurancy. No need to be endless", "Its a very addictive game and very interesting to play..I certainly enjoy the game", "wish i could play water flows in you yurima but this game is GOOD", "it is really fun and fast i like that", "ok....but its too addictive", "it need's more songs", "Too emotional sound affected and satifiying", "Super awesome!", "it's so nice", "pretty awesome.", "Awesome I love it", "i love the game just awsome.", "it's a fun game", "Love it \ud83d\ude0d", "i love it..", "I love it", "Soooooooo fun", "grrrrrate", "best", "I am really good at it and it is fun \ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03", "\u0627\u0641\u062a\u0636\u0627\u0647\u0647", "Good", "love it", "awesome", "There is an ad after every single time I finish playing a song. Due to this, the game grew boring extremely quickly, and I found no point in watching an ad for a continue due to the fact that I'd simply be forced to sit through another add afterwards. I'm just going to try a different piano tiles ap...Full Review", "Just clicking boxes as the music plays on. I started playing different rhythms & it had no effect on how the song played. It's supposed to be like you're actually playing the song.", "this game is so interesting and hard but fun to play.there has been 4!!! sesons so far and they all were really interesting i cant wait for the fith one.You guys are so talented.Keep up the good work\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\udc77\u200d\u2642\ufe0f\ud83d\udc77\u200d\u2640\ufe0f", "I love everything about this game EXCEPT for the ads. Gives you an option to get rid of them for like 2 bucks tho, so not too bad. Very relaxing, almost hypnotic, Love the game!", "This game is good, but the amount of ADDDDDS IS INSANE!!! Literly I play one sing 2 I have 2 ads etc. You spend more time watching ads then playing the game and I rarely ever write reviews!", "the game is very nice but whoever wins the must get a gift hamper from your all must come to the house and give the gift hamper as well as me also and giving a such cute comment so it's very nice but this latest songs from asleep like Taki Taki", "it has background music and like the regular one you have to tap the blocks and it will make the song but in this one I could wait to tap the block and it makes no noise when you to change the block and you never get the fun so don't recommend this app", "Would give zero stars if I could. All it ever does is crash. NONE of my other apps crash.", "I love this game because everything is fast and everything is slow only thing I like on it it's every song show me some beautiful songs that are ugly but I don't care what sounds sound like I just think every one of those songs are just beautiful it calms me down when I'm stressed and it makes me ha...Full Review", "the game has pretty awesome music and it is challenging but the ads ate very annoying and not even GOOD. It would also be nice to have a menu to customize your background of the level", "to be very honest I enjoy this game alot, not the songs a whole lot but being able to test your tap speed is amazing. Highly recommend.\ud83d\ude0a", "I gave this 5 stars because its so good and nice .I could play this wonderful game non stop until my tablet died^_^", "This game is a real challenge! it may not look so but, it is. my hands sweat like an ocean when I play this. Wonderful, I love piano tiles games", "It is good but I have not had it for too long and it is already glitching, I press it but it does not respond wasting a life and I think it is really stupid that there is lives.", "its a fantastic piece , clearly displaying and empahsisng the beautiful melody of the piano crushing its other propoturus rivals by breaking thier selfish outer shelves and exposing the human nature .truly esquiste", "this game can play with out wifi and its rilly fun the thins are rily cheep its amazing it 1.19 for 700 bimans you shoud befintly get it", "of all the piano tiles in the play store, this one has the most ads you can see, each time you die ads will show up immediately, best piano ads \ud83d\ude11", "I love the songs and this game but i will more like if you guys also have Ariana grande,justin bieber,Selena gomez,Daya,DJ snake songs recommended", "Fun game this going to be short but I have minecraft and 1.14 came out already and it's fun to like this game is to but now minecraft fun now because of the update", "it is not the best as the panio thing 4 but i can say is that i like it as much that i would play every day so here is a 5", "it Is a really good challenging game and makes you happy and alert.not only that but there are many beautiful song\ud83d\ude17", "it is a good ap but i dont like the ads BUT everything is good ok and my name is Vanessa this was my sister's old phone my name is Vanessa not Angelica\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude42\ud83d\ude0f\ud83d\ude25", "it is a the greatest game of all but a little more work on the songs put songs that people no . i love the game keep up the good work well done make more games so we can say how good they are i hope i here from you soon by connie pusonly good bye you relly nspiret me", "being a professional piano game player I've noticed that the controls are horrible i will get really good at it then out of nowhere it pauses and I can't play", "It is so cool I convince you to play it \u2764\u2764\u2764 And also I hav ejust downloaded it It is so goood an s hard but it is okay everything is so funny\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b", "Love the game. Really awesome musoc and really fun when you're bored. Great for a young musician!", "I love this game is super fun i play it all the time i recommended this out of 5 stars \u2728", "love it. i don't usually play games on my phone but this came as a pleasant suprise", "It's fun but I would like to do the fast ones right off the bat.", "very addictive as the all last versions.... and the buying of premium songs can be done with the diamonds... it was a good change \ud83d\ude00", "First off the music doesn't even match the game .Second it goes way to fast and at one point it didn't alow me to click anything...", "Very fun but... there is glitches when I come in but after it's fine. Such a great game!", "i like it but it goes to fast and it takes forever it to be done\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21.And the good thing is that you get to know how fast your fingers are\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04.", "its really fun to play but it sometimes misses the tile when i press it so then i lose my 1000 tile streak but other than that i think its a great game\u270c\ud83d\ude01\ud83c\udf39", "Esskeeitit _lilpump thats how lit this game i got 1 2 3 4 next year it could be 5", "I really like this game. overall this was really great but there should be less adds", "i love this game its so fun i just downloaded it and i alredy have 1128 points", "This game is great. I love the music and the music makes sense. The graphics in this game are amazing compared to its former games as well. Over all, it is a really nice game.", "I LOVE IT! some times I get mad", "when I'm playing it sometimes makes me fail please fix it and keep up with the good work", "i love your game soooo much its very challangeing i love it keep making games love you\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\udc96\u2764!!!!!", "love the new music. hate the ads", "I mean it's alright it gets like too fast and too hard and it like makes you like not win the game sorry... but three stars to help I think that's good for this.", "this is a good game to relax yourself if you are in stress also if you like music", "awesome game, and a great way to pass some time. two thumbs up \ud83d\udc4d", "This game is so cool you need to download this app because there are a lot if differents, types if music sometimes there ads, but if you don't want ads, you need to take off the WiFi and you don't have anymore ads.", "I love the songs they put in here and I'm happy they made a number 4 !!!!!! I LOVE THIS APP", "why the f is it so flipping slow every time i press one of the tiles and for some f***ing reason it doesn't count it it just gets me angry", "Tests very good typing skill and challanges you my best is around 784", "I was level 60 something and it started me all over to level one and I'm really mad about this cuz I worked really hard to get to that level", "It is a okay game , But at times if u touch the tiles it doesn't count it . Buy other than that it is a good okayish game it doesn't have the songs that it says in the adds . \ud83d\ude44", "fun game to play. love this veraion for all the. lassic songs.", "Its a good game i just wish that you could search for a song instead of just having to find one.", "horrible did not load so irratating if your like me and picky about good game install farming simulate only 5 bucks not bad at all", "Nice game. relaxing. I like to hear quality sound. Good effort", "It is not nice at all because whenever I press it tells me your out \ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21", "could've been a really good game but all the music are out of sync they music keeps going even ig you've not clicked", "good game, however it would have been better if the song was played along with tapping the keys", "this isn't a good app it has stupid ads like happy glass \ud83d\ude08\ud83d\ude08", "I love this game it so fun and addicting", "too much ads, dont download this! u will regret!", "It is amazing if you like music!", "this game is cool but it gliches alot and make you mess up sp i would juat get the piano tiles 4 origanal", "Its really \"relaxing\" Ann yes the sound of \"ding dong dah\" \ud83d\ude1d", "Its very bad", "this game is amazing I want to play it everytime of my life (just kidding, but I still like the game).", "it is the best game ever and it actually feels like your playing the piano", "it doesn't work on my phone!", "just take away that \"perfect\", \"great\" and \"cool\" overall its an awesome game", "I liked it but the ads are annoying so bcoz of that only three stars", "This game is very addictive and I am loving the songs so far.", "i love this game it's very cool . some realy cool piano songs .", "the best game i ever played so amazing I love it so much i wll Never delete it and if i get other phones i will install it right when I get it", "the tiles are not in perfect sync.\ud83d\ude11", "it's fun but in think the songs go to fast so please pick slower songs on the lower levels for us to play thankyou! -Eden", "Advertising is too high. And every few minutes he will finish the heart. And you have to leave the program to continue playing again", "it has all of my favourite artists and the music is great, i think this is the best one yet", "not a very nice game but okay", "it is really good and I would recommend it sooooo much", "the game isnt loaded", "this is a game you would play on a boring trip", "nothing can be more peaceful than this game", "I love it this game is so addicting \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0b", "totyly unbelivbale so fun does not go too fast or too slow.you should get it.Dont regreat it.", "This is an amzing game, I have finally found the perfect game! Loved it so much! \ud83d\udc96", "this is an amazing app and very addictible. GET THIS APP RIGHT NOW!!!", "thanks so much for all your help and support \ud83d\ude42", "so bad. the song played by itself", "\ud83c\udf1dthis is the best game I have in my games folder", "great experience so fun, but i really want to have the titanic soundtrack to play in this game. Please we need", "awsome game just when im playing theres lots of lag", "I love this game \ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00.This game is easy, exciting and fun. \ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00And this game is little hard. This game is different from all of other games. I think every one should play this game. \ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e", "fun but music needs improvement like more recent music", "it is fun and you can play lots of songs", "this game is so cool it is working on my replex", "love it and the music do you went to know dolwold it now FREE", "this game although slow and boring at first became super addictive and rewarding i really enjoyed this a solid 7.5/10", "fun,addictive time passes flying I like it", "Really good, no bug's at all and it's the best piano game I've ever played ever.", "it teaches you how to play the piano thats something you don't see everyday", "the game is so amazing, I like it", "its super calming and chilling", "it plays without you touching the pads", "the game has bad controls \ud83d\ude10\ud83d\ude11", "its super fun, me and the kid's try to compete who cam go the furthest. so yeah pretty fun \ud83d\ude0e", "it so...... amazing l0v3 1t", "good but there is a glich that is making the songs sound corrupted", "It is very fun and intense also peacful at the same time", "so fun\ud83d\ude02\ud83e\udd23\ud83d\ude1c\ud83d\udc96\u2764 You should always be you and ignore the people that try to bring you down Positive vibes \ud83d\ude1c\ud83d\ude1c\ud83d\ude1c\ud83d\ude1c\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc9e\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc9e", "I love it ! its challenging", "A very heart warming game", "terrible... wont register when I am playing the notes...........fix IT!!!!", "This game was very good and I think that it goes more slow at beginning then goes faster", "\u0646\u0645\u06cc\u0627\u0631\u0647 it doesn't work \ud83d\ude21", "the best piano game ever created great graphics and great game play best of luck", "good and distracting game love it so much\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83e\udd17\ud83e\udd17\ud83d\ude18", "The Take us not what The game is not start", "love it so cool and relaxing", "really good but bad", "It's really fun and addicting but I wish we could chose any song we want.", "doesnt lag like the last game. very fun and enjoyable\ud83d\ude0a", "this game Is so funny it do not what to touch", "it is way to fast .......it is way to good*", "great music and great background + it was fast so you could not press it quickly", "Its so fun and it can relax you", "love it !! it is the best!!\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude01", "its very difficult and like it", "not support in my phone", "i have hAte it its a scam", "So for so good!", "so cool hard and challenging but very exciting \ud83e\udd17\ud83e\udd17", "Good I guess", "This game is cool i love it!", "good game, it improve ur hands skills, fun", "I love it so much. I am so relax when I play", "its addicting games. i love it. its all 5 star to me. if i can give 30000000 \ud83c\udf1f hahaha", "I super funn and asome", "I like piano 2 better then piano 4 there trying to hard", "Piano suppose to relax a person, not tense", "it puts you in this world like stay on the game", "It's a good game", "super fun cuts out kinda but for the most part fun", "It's like your playing a poino but it's on a game playing it", "i looooooove this game !!! best game ever", "its a good app it makes me calm", "it takes forever to load", "good to learn how to play for the first time if u have not played before.", "it's fun enough to stream", "its grate and i love playing it when i have time to kill", "some time it doesn't open and force close", "I love that it starts slow then speeds up", "my highist is 500 to 900", "It doesn't load!!!!!!", "AWsome!! Cool! Great!", "This is way better than the 3rd one I can't wait to beat this game!!!", "this is the most amazing game ever!!!!!!\ud83e\udd17\ud83e\udd17\ud83e\udd17\ud83e\udd17\ud83e\udd17\ud83e\udd17\ud83e\udd17\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03", "The songs sounds great but please add music from the MP3 audio.", "i could'nt even play it \ud83d\udc4e :(", "Love it v v !! can't stop play it !! BUT.. nothing perfect :\")", "AWESOME\u00b0\u00b0\u00b0\u00b0\u2606\u2606\u2606\u2606\u2606\u2606\u2606214 DALLAS\u2606\u2606!!!!!!", "I love this game but music and play with your game thank you so much I love it", "The callenge is the socre and the game is incretable !!!!", "I like this game because it reminds me of when I'm playing my actual piano"], "Ronaldo: Soccer Clash": ["it is good and it seems to be wonderful for Ronaldo fans and i am also a Ronaldo fan", "mus provide some more control", "IT IS NOT WORKING WORST GAME OF ALL", "world's best game", "free money", "useless game", "how to play", "best Ronaldo game", "Graphics needs to be improved and what is the motive of this game, just scoring goals or any other excitements?", "the game is babi(pork) its just so Bad", "Good game but hangs sometimes and then i have to restart the game", "It is so so good I recommend trying it yourself", "\u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u062e\u0648\u0628\u06cc \u0628\u0648\u062f \u0648\u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0632 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0631\u0627\u0636\u06cc \u0647\u0633\u062a\u0645 \u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc \u0628\u0631\u06cc\u0632\u06cc\u0646\u0634", "nice and not a bad game.\ud83d\udc4d", "best is ronaldo hell yeah", "I think it is very good", "superb maindbloing", "It is nice game", "Cr7\ud83d\ude0d", "fk game and servers....", "the best", "awesome", "love it", "Good", "I have played over 100 shootouts till now.. But all of a sudden I am unable to equip other balls from my collection and replace with the existing ones. I want to replace the current balls with other good ones but unable to do it. Kindly fix this issue. 3 stars only because of CR7's name.. or else wo...Full Review", "EDIT my first review, The problem with the update seems to be resolved and the devs got back to me in super quick time so shows they care. Ive played the game for a short while and I am enjoying it so far so hence the four stars, After playing the game awhile longer it may get five stars? so ignore ...Full Review", "I've only played a few games,but I'm hitting the cross bar way too many times in a match and I also had lots of tied matche results. Please don't say \"Play like Cristiano\" . He plays on the pitch not on the phone .", "Cannot play anymore. App asks to update now. Each time you try, it takes you to Google AppStore. There is no option to update. Going round in circles. Please sort issues....", "i like the game other than that when i customise my character, it resets what ive done when i go out of the game and i have to keep changing it even tho im logged in with facebook so it should keep my progress but it doesn't regarding my footballer", "the game is good but keep connecting sometimes even when im at home using wifi.. pls do something tq overall the game is superb!!!", "the only thing I think is bad is that sometimes the goal keeper doesnt move the right way or is just rubbish", "you dont know how you score or why you miss... worst ever game i had played , plz dont brand it with CR7", "O jogo nao \u00e9 muito bom porque na hora do remate da bola o jogador p\u00e1ra e depois \u00e9 complicado defender.", "new updates have improved the game immensly, really fun and challenging. I enjoy playing against my friends.", "uts doesn't work...just show the loading screen and keep on for too long time..", "so worst game chi chi and they are making ronaldo also bad so slow its hanging many times \ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude1d\ud83d\ude1d", "The game is fun. I could never transfer game data to new device using Play Games account.", "The problem is when I play it takes a long time to find someone who is playing and every thing else is very good", "FIX GAME PROBLEM LIKE YO YO YO FIX LOADING on front screen", "ronaldo os bad messi 8s good plzz name the game as messi :soccer crash", "Very poor game. When i start the game it's showed authentication failed.", "the game its self is cool but it runs very slowly I think that should be improved", "Has a constant network problem And the player loses points for that", "it not going inside i on my data but it showing no server so friends donot download", "this is very bad game this game is not loading easily", "It is a very nice game. I enjoyed it much.", "i don't know why it isn't working for me", "the game is still loading and i can't even start playing", "superb to play and get your goals against your friends", "Awesome Game With The Best Graphics and Best Playable Game.\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "love Ronaldo but this is really bad", "very bad gameplay.", "not loading in latest version also", "game is nice but its sever is very very bad", "CR7 fan's do this game to 5star game CR7 LM10", "yeah this game is so cool \ud83e\udd1e\ud83e\udd1e THIS GAME IS TRASH!!!!!!!", "my boy. Best 4ever and ever.", "Yaar loading mein bhut time leta h", "big fan of Cristiano Ronaldo", "It is not starting only", "\u0646\u0635\u0628 \u0646\u06a9\u0646\u06cc\u062f \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u0628\u062f \u0627\u0633\u062a \u0646\u0645\u06cc\u0627\u0631\u0647", "after downloading the game it only loading nothing after that coming stops in loading", "The best f***ing Game to exist!", "I don't want it with Internet", "because this is a Ronaldo's game", "fitta moo\ud83d\ude1c", "best game\ud83c\udfae", "It was SIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII", "One of the best soccer online games. awesome features. great graphics.", "I just love this game and this game is very amazing and lovely to play", "fantastic!", "vere level", "it is a good and a interesting and fabulous game", "very good game please download this App", "nice experience with better touch and graphics in this game", "Cristiano \ud83d\ude18", "best game", "good game", "awsm...", "wap", "this is fire", "beautifully game", "\ud83d\udc4c \ud83d\ude42", "very nice GO CR7", "ok", "Fun , entriging and awesome", "love the game #Ronaldo", "Best game for Ronaldo fans...... Ultra super !!!!!", "super", "worst", "\ud83d\ude0d", "\ud83d\udc4c", "I love it", "very nice", "bestom best", "Good game", "good", "nice", "good", "Nice", "\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95bored app ever \ud83d\udc98\ud83d\udc98\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95\ud83d\udd95", "nice", "nice", "love it", "fantastic", "Amazing", "good", "good", "nice", "Good", "best game ever played its just magnanimous. Super-emminetly better than clash royale as its relates to it. As this about football so there are football arenas nd cards. Its was about cards of fighters like barbarians etc. I loved clash royalea nd was in the top 10 player in India but left as wanted ...Full Review", "joseph and the team is going to have Antonio spurs are you doing today and projects that the 9th ugud I don't have a new book called me back in time for Christmas for eeu7odnidjidjpiepokdkwlkwkowks929794 and the team is going to be the best way to get it done before I leave the 3#3rd to the team is ...Full Review", "i love this game, but my game says updates in store but i do not see any updates available. so i havent been able to play it since.. :(", "Game not working... Needs to be updated please! Thanks! Game is now running and is very entertaining! Loving it! Thank you. PS: would be great to add maybe in the future offline mode/campaign...", "I downloaded the game and opened it and told there's a new update and tells me open and the whole process begins again", "Keeps saying a new version is available when i have only just installed this version and there is no update when I go on the app store", "it's ok but it sais it needs a update but evry time I press update it never works", "Such a stupid game lots of bug. Bug allover the game. Uninstalled. Au Revoir!", "i have downloaded latest version but it still says me update", "works fine but weekly league does not show my weekly medals or my rank\ud83d\ude14", "right off the hop it says new verison update now and nothing:( so sad", "Ronaldo's lovely game, i am loving it. fun playing with friends. smooth game play", "I have really enjoyed playing this game and can you make more of these kind of games", "If i whant to play the game the game is telling me there is a new update and if i whant to update the game there isn't a update can you please help me??", "very good game but need to improve coz it hang a lot...", "in game it says update now i press it it goes to google play and says open or unninstall.I CANT PLAY THE GAME", "I just downloaded it and it says new version available please fix it", "I can't find opponents it searchs infinitely", "it is bad because yu need an update", "Just downloaded this game and it's telling me there is an updated version", "i can't play with anyone \ud83e\udd14 always in search for join an acount to play", "still says update now and nothing there is no updates", "Loved the Game and graphics. One of the best sports game", "cel mai tare joc sa mor", "Very good game This game is challenging and exciting", "Wont Let Me Update It !!!", "it is the best game in our world", "Best game and love you ronaldo", "don't let me play the game", "i love this one plz keep it up", "it's very good", "best game ever", "i love the game", "lovely game", "\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc", "ABC", "\ud83d\ude0d", "amazing game for me", "update", "sick", "good", "good", "fun", "Nice", "\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude1c\ud83d\ude1c\ud83d\ude1c\ud83d\ude1c\ud83e\udd18\ud83e\udd18\ud83e\udd18\ud83e\udd18\ud83e\udd18\ud83e\udd18\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffe\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffe\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffe\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffe\ud83c\udfb6\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffe\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffe\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffe\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffe\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffe\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffe\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffe\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffe\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffe\ud83c\udf81\ud83c\udf81\ud83c\udf81\ud83c\udf81\ud83e\udd14", "Smooth Game Play. i like the defensive mode lots of things to do upgrade ball cards for better stats. overall nice ans smooth experience.", "adding friends problem. i already sent a friend request to my friend. and he accept it but i cant see his name on my friend list. pls fix it", "Great Game! Fun scoring goals. Playing with friend's and players across the world is great. Must download game.", "Great soccer game! Ronaldo fans outhere will definitely like it. Go download it now!", "Fantastic goal scoring... really helped when I worked out how the balls upgrade! #gamechanger!!", "the right game to steal your time\ud83d\ude05\ud83d\ude0f\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udcaf", "game have to many lags pls fix it\ud83e\udd2c\ud83e\udd2c\ud83e\udd2c\ud83e\udd2c very lagging", "This game is awesome. I love playing this game. playing with friends on a network was fun ..:-)", "Loved it! Simple yet engaging game play.", "Tutorial is too long and very boring", "Love the graphics and gameplay is also good", "best game no scams", "awesome game!", "amezing game", "\u092c\u0922\u093f\u092f\u093e \u0939\u0947", "excellent game", "\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "very nice", "suiiii", "\ud83d\ude0d", "laggy", "it's cool", "The game still won't start it now says \"unfortunately cristiano ronaldo has stopped\" it's just so annoying that a great game like this can't be played without a major error causing the game to crash and not start please try and refix this. this is a major issue ruining people's experience like mine", "The game is really great. But there are some bugs actually. Some players are cheating taking time. Do you need a professional QA engeneer? You definitely need him)", "Overall its a very good game and addictive too. But sometimes the game hangs without any reason. Phone: Redmi Note 5", "many glitches .....even after winning matches the game stops for about 3-4 minutes and then there is message that you lost it", "i just came here to say; WOW What a game.", "Amazing game as Im a huge fan of Ronaldo so definitely this game is awesome as usual", "great game,gameplay is smooth ,ball powerups are fun to use,playing with friends is great", "wow the controls are awesome never found such control must play game game is well designed", "Really awesome game, play with friends is really awesome thanks to my friend Mohammed Mohideen for recommending such a great game.", "It's a good game with less MB.Works well and is really interesting.", "spam dont download the game it does not work", "some time sunndenly it stop working some thing immpove in it", "awesome app I really love it I recommend it", "sometimes lag but ok", "Excellent. takes a while to learn tho", "Everytime i open the game my dressup gets reset to default!", "Easy to play and quite fun!", "it's fun to play.But the game needs more optimization as it lags in my J7", "That is good game and i love u cr7", "need improve .... nice game", "game is not open pls help", "Good game!"], "Casino Slots: House of Fun\u2122\ufe0f Free 777 Vegas Games": ["Great Game, Awesome Graphics, Winning Odds are good, only thing I don't like is the slot games i like that i play always keep getting locked. They let u play a certain game for awhile then lock it, so now I can't play my favorite slots anymore. this has happened 3 times with my 3 favorite slots. and...Full Review", "Love this game. It is still, after all this time, my favorite game. They have great challenges on the side to keep you entertained and challenged. The staff is very talented and creative. The graphics is great and the control is better than most other games out there. They try to stay available to a...Full Review", "Love Frankenstein. Got 95 free spins the other day & my score up-to almost, or just over a few million. Very new to the game, but still quite impressed,aye. But,it just doesnt and for a longtime hasnt paid out big,like it used too. So,i had to change my 5-star rating and remove 1 star if &/or when t...Full Review", "Really loved this game, lately not so much!! Games have gotten tighter and coins are less and harder to get enough to play a game for any length of time! Why has this happened house of fun?? Seems like the only time I win any amount of coins is after a purchase, for a small amount of game play. It's...Full Review", "every time you hit something good it cuts off and cheats you out ofyou winnings which is waytohard to hit anyway. restarted 5 times in 1 hour. rip off. Better have plenty of money because your not going to win much and get even less free points.Another 100000 betting small and nothing back. And they...Full Review", "good game but i recently nought a new phone and when i logged onto my account my level was still the same which was nice but it brought me back to bronze! very upsetting. i was silver status almost gold! now i have to start all over. i would appreciate it if you fixed this for me. totally not fair H...Full Review", "I really Love the game but you have to be careful and watch the bet amounts, they can reset to higher amounts if you don't watch it closely otherwise great fun. The best game out there! They add lots of new features to keep it interesting.love to play this on my commuter bus? I just really enjoy the...Full Review", "This is by far the best casino based game online. The graphics are amazing and games unique. I've only encounted a few issues with loading which site corrected immediately. A real casino fan I could easily see some of these games take place on the floor. Would actually like to see if you could knock...Full Review", "Best of all casinos, but pays rarely sustainable to spend any amount of time playing. Must purchase coins to keep playing. Unfortunately, my account was disabled two and a half years ago as Facebook noticed someone from Sudbury had logged into my computer. That is where my computer Server is located...Full Review", "When I updated, I liost 40+ Tokens that took me weeks to accumulate and buy, which is not fair at all. I probably won't update again, because to lose what you buy is bad. The game is ok, just don't cheat players out of Tokens, it makes you wa t to delete the whole app altogether !", "The games are Casino like right down to the graphics. A growing variety. And a super concierge service. My player rep Leon Tudor is every bit as personable as my reps in Atlantic City.//Update: They used to be but I can't prove I have one anymore. At level like 1050. And the only time I hear from my...Full Review", "Love this game ut it has changed in the last month. Win you pick 3 coins in a game you always get \"minor\". Payouts are fewer and far between. It eats up your payouts like crazy. You can never get ahead. Coins are way expensive. Too bad, its fun but onvmce agsin greed takes over!", "It's addictive!!! Game is getting better some times! Finally winning! Not like before but getting better. Lots of ways to get free coins but the free coins amounts are low.... Come on please, please, please give us some more coins! But still love this game none the less. Just have to wait to rebuild...Full Review", "I love everything about HOF. Graphics are awesome. Like the daily free coins. I try to come back and complete the free spin reel. It is up to 3.1million for me now. I do lose a lot of coins by not catching the spin amount bet. I somehow must hit the max. amount bet. I can lose all my coins if I don'...Full Review", "coins keep disapering you get free coins and win coins but they dont last long. when your about to win and it stops then it quickly jumps so you dont win. its fun addicting just wish you won more often so you can enjoy playing. you get coins every 3 hours and in email but for amound of turns you don...Full Review", "the games are really getting boring after playing so many years. you cant even hit anything on any slot anymore. even buying coin packs which i have done so many times you still cant win. the big wheel spin you can forget getting anything good there too. H.O.F. listen to the people loosen up the slo...Full Review", "It sure has changed since I started playing in 2010. I keep Facebook just for HOF. Looking forward to see what the new HOF Blvd features are all about! Don't bother trying to get FREE COINS from the FANPAGE POST. THEY'RE ALWAYS EXPIRED UNLESS THEY WERE POSTED WITHIN THE FIRST HOUR! VERY DISAPPOINTED...Full Review", "well my experience wasnt worth writing about it. i was under the impression that you wanted people to play a little. And have a little fun. Well when you never get the bet paid back, well you do play a little, but it aint no damn fun at all. it really sucks if you want the truth! thanks for listenin...Full Review", "Grand Spins and lots of games to choose from, very easy to find ALL your favorites right here at the HOF Slots, Join now and get your 100 free spins and bonuses every 3 hours! Also Great Challenges!Spin to win RIGHT NOW here AT HOF !", "It's different, and its fun. There are plenty of different style slots. Some Ive never seen withbonuses so unique and out of the ordinary you cant help but wonder whats next. i just wanna know where do they come up with this shtuff. very much a gambling gamerz kinda fix that'll keep em up till the j...Full Review", "After playing hof for two years decided to play through facebook, had to start again from level 1 and it took 39 million in coin. i suggest if you want to keep track of you game and coin do it at the start not later. however graphics good games fun , hard to win on though.", "This site has certainly been good to me as of late. More wins and better payouts. Also enjoying the extra coins every day. Thank you HOF. It would be nice if the wheel came up with some worthwhile coins occassionally. I'm curious to know if anyone actually wins the 3.8M that shows up on the wheel.", "I don't understand how people enjoy this game. You lose 90% of the time. Then when you do get an occasional win, you get very little back. Like a win on a $100 bet will get you like $15 back. And on this rare jackpots, you'll win like $150. Payouts are pathetic and you can only get a small amount of...Full Review", "i can't give 0 stars it i would! i didn't get 100 free spins! i have actually spent to much money on this game and gotten nothing back, and when your out it can take days just to play again and build up enough coins. stupid. and they're messenger app to get more coins more often doesn't work. boo", "Some of the games don't really payout much when your bet is 20000,but I'm getting use to it. Other than that I've been getting colossal wins every day and to even things out I've eon a billion $ jackpot. Yeah I'm having fun.", "At first I liked it because it seemed like it paid pretty good, but once you started playing it the bets went up and for the amount of money you have to bet you go through too much money too quick without winning. If you have 2 or 3 thousand dollars you get to play maybe 10 minutes before it sucks i...Full Review", "love this game so much im level 1021 to be exact.... I have been playing hof for almost 4 years and im still an addicted daily player. I love it so much and so will you. This is truly the number 1 casino slots app that there is. I will say the only downfall is the game can get very expensive. The lo...Full Review", "Great quality but very annoying add-on games...legends, treasure, board game, etc. I wish there was a way to opt-out of the extra feature games. I just want to play the slots! Being constantly interrupted to go open chests or treasure maps is EXTREMELY FRUSTRATING! Now its some board game with turns...Full Review", "Detest mind numbing, boring & annoying slot games! But this has a few games I don't mind ... I Don't compete, but play to switch off! I'm always annoyed with the sideline games garbage, where HOF tries to get people to make a purchase, or use all their credit! I don't understand, why put some games ...Full Review", "Good games if you could win and keep points! The specials like the treasure chests are a big joke! So, watch out these games will rip you off, especially if they say they are their top picks!!!! And you can't keep enough points to play the better games. Their specials really sucks. You have to bet m...Full Review", "Fun but cheat. literally 50 plays without a single win, not even $1 playback! \"rate us for a bonus\" and the bonus was $0 after rating 5 stars. I have the screencap to prove it. that blatant lie resulted in the 1 Star rating.", "I really like your Slots games they're fun, enjoying and relaxing. just one complaint you have cut back on the winnings, but thank you for the free coins . thank you very much for celebrating my birthday for a whole week. I love house of fun slot,I am rating you a 5 across the board.", "I enjoy playing the games. I just wish the fake money was cheaper. I don't care much for the side games and some games never let you win. When the game has major, miner, and mini jackpots, 100% of the time, I get the mini jackpots. which in real life that would be mathematically impossible. So why d...Full Review", "Finally won a little bit but still no huge wins like I see other \"players\" win. NOW you've added this completely STUPID new game that FORCES you to bet big to win the grand prize! At least with the Legends game you had a chance. Again, just trying to take your real money! Zero stars if that was poss...Full Review", "Eye of the tiger like playing a lot of the games,but you have to wait to long for a bonus. I love playing your games,but it takes to long for bonuses and to fill the meter. Wheel of fun is a joke you wait all those hrs.thinking you're going to win a lot so you can actually play. Also I hate the thin...Full Review", "Why do you people have to control everything. My last 7 spins on your Wheel of Fun I got 36 thousand coins 7 times in a row that is not possible unless you control the spins you should do right by your players. Your rating has gone down from 4 in a half to 3 if you continue to do wrong by all your p...Full Review", "your supposed to get free tokens twice daily by email. l have not received mine in a month. you keep says your fixing the issue. but it is still unfixed. when you get a big win the game cuts off and sometimes you dont get your tokens", "Bought coins and just watched my bank go down. So long between wins I feel like they owe me rather than being excited when a win comes. There are better ways to waste my time. Enjoyed for a short time. Alot of good games.when they pay.", "Best slots ever!!!! \ud83d\ude06Love playing these slots. Best ever! ! So much fun and great new games. \ud83d\ude06 I can't imagine a better game site. Keep up the great work! Remember the higher the bet the bigger the win. Have fun! !! I play these games almost every day. \ud83d\ude0a Love all the extra Contests. Never a dull ...Full Review", "you will get 1 free spin in approximately 200-300 spins wins small mostly but seem to be regular. Early day so can't say okay entertainment wise. A bit glitchy.", "There are lots of issues with purchasing and payments when you're playing, not good. Problems trying to figure out how to get all the Free Plays especially when you have spent lots of your money.... Thank you very much.", "House of Fun is my all time favorite of any slots game. It's just SO hard to keep money on it and you have to wait so long to get your bonus. Other than that l love love it!", "Soon as I buy coins, y'all keep taking it away once I play. Your games sticks and freezes, it just made my bet go higher on it's own. Plus it said I was in airplane mode, I wasn't. I like your game but I think yall cheating me. Please give me my money back give me back my money had been lost and put...Full Review", "Would be nice if the free spins was a bit better still feel the free spins could be better it don't pay good. dont like that the bonus dont vome around enough.. would be nice if they would let you play longer instead of eating up coins so fast", "Love playing at this casino. Just wish I could win more coins so I didn't have to wait for the to collect each day. spinning the wheel doesn't seem to win a very big amount. The games don't pay out very well. have to wait 3 hours every time i get coins. I really enjoy the updated version of this cas...Full Review", "All your games are exciting to me and keep me interested some more than others. Keep up the good work. Thanks. My only problem is that when I started to enjoy certain games them they were locked.for instance Lil Red. LOVE it but now hAve to wait to play. It will be while to get to that level. There ...Full Review", "i thought it was fun until i realized how much it cheats. tournament- when im 3/4th pl 1st place has 60 turns. when i 1st pl its only 30's. when there's more than that for MY 1st place-\"connection interrupted\". lose all. when play other games, press \"stop\" n noticed if there are winning reels it kee...Full Review", "love the game but they don't give enough coins out to play they want u to buy coins and I don't do that. if u want us to rate I only when I get a prize coins in challenges. Give more coins out free if u want me to play or don't take all my coins and not even win a match on some games. I need and wan...Full Review", "Love the slots, but HATE HATE HATE the board trip spins reward popping up and interferring with the slots! Need to make that a silent feature that just accumulates off to the side. I really couldn't care less if I am getting 2 or 4 spins on the trip board every spin. I am on here to play a slot game...Full Review", "I'm addicted to this game not a day goes by that I go without playing! Bonus games, free coins, and is connected to Facebook and has its own page which presents free games and coins all day long", "I like the games in HOF but you can never win much. I have to save and save for a about 2, weeks just to be able to play sometimes just a half hour. And don't get me started on how long it takes to level up. I've been playing this app since 2017 and im only on level 563 i think it is. And know they ...Full Review", "I have been playing Hof for three years now and I love it yes it's hard to get a good spin but I don't think I would get rid of this game for no one... it's a great way to start the day and end it with me play with my friend's..", "Playtika, you simply amaze me ! Your graphics and attention to detail are the best in the field. I have a great time on all of your games, with plenty of freebies and promotions every day. I don't see how I could play any other game. Thank You! Samuel Covert", "this is my favorite casino game and also my most aggravating. I love the games but the bonuses and daily cash amounts are the worst. I wanna play but I'm always out of money. for this reason if I could find a game I like as much I would have no problem leaving this game.", "ablosute scam its fun for about 5 minutes till you run out of credits and then they want real money. how is this fun its so fecin retardedd. its abviosly just a ploy to steal money from people who deserve to be stolen from cuz they ficccin retaad. i would have 30 times better chance at winning with ...Full Review", "A lot of different games! All the email coins are awesome! Getting to try locked games as a preview is great! Thank you. One of the best and does not ask to invade my computer information! Sooo addicting. No one else sends free coins all week for your birthday!! Thank you.", "This has been my favorite game until I lost millions of coins, lost my status,and had to start over. Not fun any more. Other games give millions to collect on the hour. House of Fun only give me 440 coins, couple spins and you're done. I made too many purchases to start over. Time to delete!!!!", "The payout is far and few in between.It is hard to hit any of the jack pots. Nobody wants to hit big all the time but it would be nice more often than not. Even when you spin the wheel I don't get anything big.", "my favorite slot game ever, but it seems that when you spend actual money your odds of winning go down forever. And cost of buying go up forever. At platinum level 500+ minimum purchase is $24.99. Don't buy in to the $.99. Also every time there is a challenge it is almost impossible to complete beca...Full Review", "love playing the game, but since upgrade to new spin collect feature dont win more than 300,000. I do that on regular screen spins. if I did not love HOF graphics I would play elsewhere.", "Very funny games.the only thing I would suggest to make it better is to cut bonus time and add feature like other slots that give you chances at free coins. That would increase people's love of the game and increase replay value :-)", "It a game that you cannot stop playing I love the game I wish I wish that I could win a jackpot it hard to do. I love the game.The free coin sometime dont come out to paid the player.I really love the game House of Fun great game. The House of fun is Amazing game I can't stop playing so Amazing. You...Full Review", "the games are fun but the coin collections are bad. all other games give bonus are much bigger whet you can play the games this one gives 600 to 1000 what can you do with that any no enjoyment wait 12 hrs later and get another 600 oh boy", "This game house of fun is a joke. Never able to win. When you do get free spins you don't even win the amount that is bet. People that pay money for this game is out of there mind. As I said game is a total joke. Game not any better.", "Sad when you spend almost $50 to get coins and don't even get a single bonus. The slots don't pay well and you have to keep spending money to play. Graphics are great but not alot of fun if you don't get to play a bonus occasionally. I wish it paid better. Yes, you get free coins, but if you spend t...Full Review", "This game has changed so much since I started playing it 5 years ago. for instance I just got on to play checked my inbox in the lobby one of my friends sent me free spins as a gift I clicked on it and it never gave me my free spins. Also the games will spin where you cant stop it. while it is doing...Full Review", "The games are very nice but the payout is very little. The daily free coins are sometimes only enough to play no more than two minutes. Very cheap. I collect from the app and Facebook all day and it all goes very fast. If you don't buy you don't get to play much. When can lose millions and then you ...Full Review", "I enjoy playing all the games. Only complaint I have is when I changed my phone I downloaded all my games. The only one I had a problem with was this one. I lost all of my bonuses even although it was just the exact ones I had already paid and played with. Thanks for great gaming I am totally addict...Full Review", "Many different games to choose from. ..payouts are on the stingy side but four hour bonuses are great! Graphics are not too bad. Best part is constant game transitions so there is always a new game to try.", "Garbage, Slot machine learns your \"playstyle\" and goes against it to drain you into paying. Will also force spin time to counter your force stop ability.", "fun when u win it it seems like u only loosen up the slots every weeks or so. have to really li.it my playing most of the times. if I'm playing 1000$ n only get little hits or none in 10 plays. it is not worth playing. if there is a game going on most of the hits go to the side game n I still lose m...Full Review", "Thought it was a good. Spent money. No returns. Fan page rewards are much better and enjoyable but rewarding wins are few and far between and until they become better I probably won't spend money like I did before..", "update not good... took away weekly bonus.. very hard to win any good money. all about that money I see.. shame!!!!! I'm bout to cry cause this game sucks really bad now..", "I love this slot game! The only complaint I have about it is that they do not give you enough daily credits so that you can earn a lot more credits example: credits in the thousands so that you can play max back more often.", "Not enough pay outs but fun it's hard to play without ternament it's rigged you take everything. ..if this doesn't start paying I'm deleting it I'm giving one more trynot one jackpot in hundreds of dollars unbelievable  never seen hi your greed your wins become non existence  I had a 400 spin on a h...Full Review", "Nice game playing for a long time but have to tell the truth it's costly but I continue to enjoy. It would be nice to get a jackpot once in a while. Getting better no jackpots yet. lts coming", "Lame! Weak payouts ruin a game with nice slots. What fun is it to run your bank dry 15 minutes after you download the game? I'm tired of these \"100 free spins\" games that fix the bet at $50 or $100, so you end up winning only $10,000 after 100 spins! SO LAME! Especially when you only get $50k to sta...Full Review", "House of Fun used to be a good game. But it takes too long to get a bonus. If you do win a lot of money it goes too fast after you win it. You need to improve your machines and stop being so tight", "Too hard to win anything substantial and then when you do win anyting it takes it all back from you quickly i wont pay REAL $$ when it wont allow fake $$ wins if that red head is Pam and she is single... give her my online ID and I'll get over being constantly broke on your game. \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\ude04", "This is a fun slot app. They have tons of different themed slots. Seriously ive never played one that has as many as Casino slots. So there are plenty of different bonus games that are sure to make your wait or your break fly by.", "I absolutely love playing HOF. It's the closest games I've found,that are like the actual slots in a casino. My all time favorite. HOF is still my favorite game!!! The only thing I don't is when you guys offer free coins on FB it never works. Always says it has expired. What a bummer.", "I use to love playing HOF but not so much anymore. I spend all day collecting my bonus just to lose it all in a short period of time. The wins are fewer and fewer and the progressive jackpots just don't happen and a bonus round is getting obsolete. Please make HOF fun again!", "DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR YOUR \ud83d\udcb0 MONEY! I'VE BEEN PLAYING THIS GAME FOR LONGER THEN I'D LIKE TO ADMIT, IT IS A REALLY FUN GAME BUT THEY CONTROL IT AND KNOW HOW TO SQUEEZE YOU DRY! IT'S REALLY ASHAME THAT THEY HAVE TO BE SO GREEDY. THEY SAY IT'S JUST LIKE VEGAS, BUT AT LEAST THERE YOU HAVE A CHANCE T...Full Review", "Excellence slot game. You always win more than you lose. The only thing is I wish it would have more ways of winning like sub games inside of a game. But I do have a lot of fun playing this game.", "HOF is my go to gaming app. I love the vast variety of games. They are imaginative and well made. I do get frustrated with the long droughts between wins. I continue to enjoy HOF. Bonuses are too hard to get on a routine bases. Every other gaming app is playing catchup!!!!!", "Bonus games aren't worth playing, Legends are to hard to level up chests are lame and too few and far between. loose status to easy when you change to new device.", "Most times i lose everything. All day i could not win more than what i bet. I win but its less than my bet. I love this game. I know its gambling. Theres no chances. No give. Lose immediately what i win. Less than the bet. And its gone. Bought more coins.. gone in 20 min. I dont like this anymore.", "daily gift limit are you kidding me this is the first time I've ever heard about it today I think I won't be playing this game anymore what a joke after you reach your limit. no free gifts and no bonuses wow I dont like the limit deal it sucks", "so mad!!! i had over 15k and your slots automatically put bets to max making me lose it all. so irritating and annoying. slots should remember your last bet.", "I enjoy playing the games. One thing is on bonus wheel...it would be nice if it lands on the white wedge once in awhile. So you can play more often..just saying. \u263a", "I'm loving the game but more bonuses would be greatly appreciated please more coins.You all are great the games are getting better and better thanks! Still enjoying thanks for the opporitunity to play these slots!.Got a new phone and I lost all my coins and status would love if you all would send me...Full Review", "It's pretty Bad when you get over 100,000 coins and it's gone in 5 minutes. It dont give you enough wins to even enjoy playing awhile plus it keeps acting like its gonna freeze up and I have done everything they told me to do and it still happens", "\ud83d\udc9b\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc99\ud83d\udc9a This game is by far the best of it's kind, Hand's down! The graphics are great,it's super fun & truely i just enjoy every thing about it I've been playing for a few years now.... Big Shout out to the Developers for doing such a wonderful job on this lovely game. Thank's yall \ud83d\udc8c", "Just like playing at a real casino I don't win anything there either you put challenges on and there is never enough tokens to get anywhere in the challenge. then this little thing pops out on bottom left hand corner that says higher bets for bigger wins if payouts werent so scimpy i could make high...Full Review", "House Of Fun Casino is the greatest I've played in as of yet. I had started out with four or five more, but I shut them down. This is the only one I play in now. It's the best, I give it all the stars.", "Seriously addictive. However as you level up it's no longer fun. Whatever Challenges games they running are hard to win and you are force to bet a certain amount which eat up your coins and are very hard to win. Other than that its not a bad app.. also stop forcing people to buy coins and give us be...Full Review", "I am not satisfied once again... How can you play a game for money if you keep taking it... WHAT HAPPENED TO ALL MY RANK 4 AND THREE. I HAD TOO MANY RANK 4s TO HAVE TO START FROM SCRATCH!!! I GAVE THIS GAME A RATING OF 5 STARS FOR YEARS NOW I'M DEMOTING IT UNTIL THERE IS SOME TYPE OF SATISFACTION. T...Full Review", "Love this game to the max! Wish you guys pay better with the wins and fix the email glitches cause you send me free coin links but the last few days it say try another prize and I'm looking stupid. PLEASE FIX", "It keeps my mind occupied. I don't cry as much for my loss of 2 children. Forever 25 Jenny & forever 38 Jimmy. i have my kids playing now. These darn google cards are getting expensive!", "spinning millions.... not a single diamond chest won on the legends contest... seems that purchases of coin is the only way to get these diamond chests. Disgusting!!! But, House of Fun is still the top casino gaming site.", "games are good but it crashes quite a bit on my note 9. had a few games I liked playing the. they got locked and aren't available until a level in the 600's and I'm under level 100 now.", "Love the games but they are set to tight not enough wins takes to many coins to play at the minimum bets every eeone likes to win but you should look at your everyday loyal plaers make it worth their time and money spent for all would be great you must give to receive", "Fun game. Free give aways, let's me build up a nest egg to gamble. Slots are fairly loose. Not too many ads. Great graphics. many slot choices. Tried others, but have not found any that are nearly as good.", "I was able to play for about 5 minutes before the game started demanding real cash to continue to play. complete waste of time and space. Uninstalled 10 minutes after downloading.", "Thanks again still love it and still do and still do great great great really love the double coithink its ns i missed my fifteen chests they just disappeared before i opened them. Like this. It's great my game keeps blacking out and closing not happy", "It's getting better but it still seems like the odds are worse than the real casinos and I really don't thinkr y'all should control how much I bet that should be totally up to me. I still don't like that you make us achieve levels to play games and they should all be open", "horrible small wins no consistency no coins one day u win like crazy then for a week u struggle just to play hoping for that big win that never comes out I'm done unbelievable they want u to play but u cant win how can we play when we cant hit anything to keep playing what a scam \ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude02 More Like ...Full Review", "The spins are generated and I think it's an absolute sham, I've played over 2 million coins on all my devices and it's literally generating the exact same spins on every device. Absolutely horrible!!!!", "Not enough winnings never have chips. Games take more then they give... starting to dislike this game can't never play it... doesn't pay out. How do I get the 100 free spins????", "The freezes often and I do hit a free spin the doesn't play the full free spin. I tried other games and this doesn't happen. If you fix that I will gladly rate you higher", "Not bad slots but leveling is a rediculously long process and you have to navigate endless ads at every turn. REALLY annoying.", "Been playing House of Fun Slots since its inception . The variety of games has kept me interested and I play every day...my tokens have gone up and down but I won't stop till I can get a few million ! There's always new games and challenges. I'm not a large token player, so I get excited if I happen...Full Review", "As soon as I get a fave game and play it every day, they \"LOCK\" it and I cannot play it anymore.  Instead of encouraging me to keep playing to reach higher levels, I do not play House of Fun anymore.  Pleaase open up all the games.", "I'm addicted to this game! Can't wait to play it first thing in the morning. Even before coffee! been away for awhile but nothing's changed, still best app . nothing's changed", "OMG!!! I love playing all the games on HOF. It has the best and most fun games. I enjoy all the games. It's entertaining. Iove it. I have been playing for a very long time. Awesome!!\ud83d\ude03 The best games ever!! better than any mobile games available. Awesome, fantastic & so much fun!!! Love it!!\ud83d\ude00\u2764 Best...Full Review", "The game was great, right up until I said No Thanks on Rating You! Soon as I said No, I lost everytime. So here's my review! Think I can actually win enough to play next time?", "Wow love the games..can't stop playing every chance I get..\ud83d\ude00sometimes really good sometimes not so much. .but that's life. but I keep playing oh yea.even if they screw ya", "I reported to customer service that after i win the jackpots on this particular game, on the very next spin, it deducts the winnings i just won & the amount of the bet. a week later it's still doing it. It does appear as though they just want you to spend money.. i used to buy coins but i stopped. I...Full Review", "Took about 5min to get bored and lose the free money. It's designed to get your real money, without any real rewards.", "Poor return. All you do is lose. Not much fun. When I started playing it was fun, now not so much. You would lose before but at least it took awhile. Now just lost after lost", "I have just gone through most of my money. No wins no free spins. It use to be the best games but now its just not fun. Others who play seem to win not happy.", "I love House of Fun, I stay on for 3-5 hours at a time, I'm truly addicted to this slot, I spend atleast $50 a week on the \"In-App PURCHASES.\" It's colorful, the sounds and graphics are amazing! I love the bonus games and everything is just like a real casino! My favorite slot machine.", "reels wont quit spinning and it took me a whole year to win a mega jackpot. starting to get really boring.", "Games should be fun and not frustrating. . I have been playing this certain game for a while now but never once i have won big.. i guess i am a sucker for disappointment. . Can't even win on this game..merry Christmas.. still hoping..", "House of fun is a fantastic app.I don't have a card so rely on free credits but would be nice sometimes to have a jackpot. I am 80 years old and love the games.thank. You.thankyou for my birthday gifts.", "Love the game. More bonuses would be nice. Don't know what is going on but somehow my coins keep disappearing. like millions of them. Anyone else having this problem. Changed my Facebook password several times, so what is going on ?", "hof is a theif scamming no good slot game it will take money from you over charge you and steal youre coins its a rip off slot DO NOT PLAY YOU WILL BE SORRY I KID YOU NOT DO NOT PLAY ... GOD BLESS US ALL", "It's fun when you get to win. I know losing is a part of gambling. But figure a game would more fun. Never thought I could go from 350k to nada in less than 30 minutes. Bummer", "All I love playing these games sometimes I love playing these games but sometimes but sometimes games gets stuck the games. Collect I love the games but sometime the games get stuck and on the spinning wheel I won the big prize and it stopped on it and then it the games gets stuck over to the next a...Full Review", "So much variety, always new challenges and rewards offered. Love this game. What happened to the Goldie Locks game? That was the best.Also enjoy the double and triple x-p days.Could use more of those.", "great game - except this new update! can no longer play the game. App tells me to connect to wifi or turn off airplane mode. I am connected, I dont have airplane mode on!", "would get a higher rating, but i had 2 3star and 2 5star bonus reels, my phone froze up AGAIN on the bonus spin, and ONCE AGAIN I missed out on my bonus spins. Still no comp", "Like in a casino. Don't care for the chest challenge. You don't have much of a chance of completing one. The challenges are much harder to get through than when they started. Only way to come close is max bets if you have the credits.", "Everyone Should download this game best slot game ever get it now it4s such fun you will love it to hurry Up play you'll love it too but I'm starting to notice the tricks that hof is doing but it's still it's a great game get it now you love it to please we waiting to play with you hurry up what you...Full Review", "many years I have played HOF. I love that your have New games all the time. I Also like the New challenges. I also would like to say thank you for the collect all button for the coins, and hours of fun.", "Spent almost a hundred so far and have yet to get my money past a million. Machines will hit big then after that they die and take all your money after you raise your bet. Other than that great game and graphics one of the best slot games. Awesome", "Great game love the music! Ive played the game for a time now so for i like it and will keep this one on and play it on my spare time.", "I was highly addicted to this game for 3 years. Now I'm on level 776 & starting to get bored. Personally I think we should get bigger bonuses every 3 hours on high levels. Also you hardly win on the games the higher the level you get on.", "I \u2764\ufe0f House of Fun! Excellent games with fantastic graphics! New challenges to keep things fun! Plenty of free coins throughout the day! \ud83d\ude0a An awesome way to relax and have fun! Keep up the great work House of Fun! \ud83c\udf89\u2764\ufe0f\ud83d\ude0a\u2764\ufe0f\ud83c\udf89", "Soo much fun, they are always tweeking and changing the themes. The games are so varied it never gets boring. Time passes quickly while playing, it's a great down time app to play.", "Very addicting. Spend money sometimes but so wort it. Saves me from going to casino. love this game . I have deleted almost all my apps to do updates and keep playing. i love these games", "Alright slot game with pretty bad win ratio imo. With free coins etc you know losing is gonna happen yet this one is the worst I've played. Figure a couple days hitting zero not a couple weeks whether betting 100 or 5k. Get free coins, spin 10 times, done, pop-ups to buy coins at a very high price w...Full Review", "Love this slot....thank you for the enjoyment....still love this game...keep up the great job.....this game makes me smile when I am having a bad day!!!! Thanks for making my day...keep up with the smiles......awesome slot....thank you. House of Fun slots are the Best....Thanks for a GREAT TIME!!!!!...Full Review", "The first game i ever downloaded always on my device so can play. Love it. Fav slot. Play most days. This is the one game I always have handy. Awesome game. \ud83d\ude0a Always a variety of different challenges. still loving it", "Great games and challenges, great time waste, but jips me out of my free coin on daily quiz and spins most times. Tells me to go to main menu, but not the same. disturbing! !", "100% rubbish and a scam. Dont waste my time for something what doesnt even work.", "I like the variety of games. The winnings are great, a fun site! the only drawback is the extra tournaments are harder to win unless you buy in.", "great gaming playing for years don't think I'll ever stop until they remove it from my screen thumbs up 10 out of 10 great Graphics always new games is there a way to pass the time when you're just bored or don't feel like doing anything else was sitting in play an enjoyable game!!!", "I still love this game, BUT the messenger games have a lot of faults. Also on the new board game, I don't like when I have 10 hops and I use 3 hops and the 7 don't carry over to the next board. \ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude29\ud83d\ude12...", "I love this game! The new update and the extra games are so much fun. I have a new experience and it helps get my mind straight. Sometimes u deserve a little time for yourself to just do something fun. This is what i choose to do. And I LOVE it!! Thx for all the coins! Keep them Coming!!", "Love this game!!! Joined my first group on Facebook because of this game, and it is great with lots of free coins and spins. Played legends and had a great time, getting ready for the next new thing", "This would be fun if i could play longer. It lets me win , then takes it all back within seconds. Then no wins for a very long tine\ud83d\ude25 i just went through all my coins within 3 minutes. Come on....", "This is my absolute favorite game of any! !!!!!!!!! my favorite game is gummy bears but for some reason it just doesn't seem to let me win or get the bonus still love it just upset but here lately the bigger wins have been flowing in!!!!", "BEST FUN SLOTS IG WINA\ud83d\ude2f BIG WIN games graphics BIG WINNERS \ud83e\udd17\ud83d\udcaa\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f Play now fun for hours..\ud83d\ude18JUST KICKASSSERY COME PLAY You bored\ud83e\udd14COME PLAY play time big win What you waiting for COME OOON!!!\ud83c\udf7b\ud83d\udc9a\ud83d\udc9a\ud83d\udc9a", "graphics are great. the game is very stingy in \"wins\" and pricing escalates week after week for coin packages. so don't get addicted, the price to play is not worth it.", "Been playing HOF for years - bloody lucky to get a free spin now. I just collect free coins & go for gold.. I've changed my original 5* to 2* now...", "I love the games. To me HOF has the best slot machine games. However, big wins are few and far between. Most days I end up with zero coins and have to stop playing until the bonus coins add up to an amount that will allow for a longer playing time.", "I wish problems with the game were fixed before new things were created. There have been several updates for this game yet the same issues remain. The coin counter has not worked forever when collecting coins from friends. It adds coins then subtracts them! What the hell? I have contacted through em...Full Review", "Its fun but I was dumb enough to make a purchase that included free spins.When spins were done I didn't notice the bet automatically switched to $5000 and sucked up my purchase in an instant.Just want new folks to beware.", "Have the best fun playing the game, but they don't pay good like other casino games. You lose all your money pretty fast, then it takes forever to get enough coins to play again. If I get enough coins to play I'll jump right in and hope somehow I'll get a slot that pays good so I can play for a whil...Full Review", "The win rate is disgustingly low. once you're out of coins, you get a pittance reward every 3 hours. You won't get far if you don't pay.", "I love HOF games. sometimes my coins limit me to playing, but, if I have a lot I play a lot. I don't have any right now, so I'll say, thank you and good night.", "I used to play this and would lose all my money quickly. I recently started playing again and the games seem to pay much better. Great graphics and game variety. Highly recommend! This is my fav slot game but i must admit i purchase chips when my balance gets too low:(", "Free gift in messenger doesnt work please fix as i am missing out of free spins an coins gifts . Im giving 2 stars for now. Not happy .", "Very addictivefun but not should give you more coins every hour instead of such a small amount. Especially when you spend a lot of money buying coins!", "Craptastic! It's fun enough till you're ready to cash out! You can spend money but not make ANY! DON'T BOTHER with this app!", "HOF HAS always BEEN my favorite Game to play, I must confess there is not a day that goes by that I miss poking around on my game, grateful that after all these years it has kept me afloat with points.....\ud83d\ude01", "I've been playing for years n I still love it a lot of new offers keep up the good work, still Loving it!! This is the best slot game ever !!! Gets better and better as you play !! Bored try it!", "I enjoy the gome and graphics it has. But I don't seem to be lucky on the jackpots on here. Hopefully my luck turns around soon. Its been awhile and still no luck.", "These games are the are the ones I always come back to. They always have different bonuses so you can win more money. payoffs are great. Above all the other casino apps.These are the games I play everyday.", "it's like just about most casino apps,but the fact that they interfere with playing by throwing up ad after ad to buy something is annoying! I mean i can see that big \"buy\" area if i wanted to buy i would,the consent flashing of ads to do so isn't gonna make to buy any faster! Give it a rest.", "LOVE the games just wish the coins lasted! Great fun but coins don't last very long \ud83d\ude1fdefinitely some of the best graphics of any online games. still play HOF every day", "I love everything about this game. I can't stay off of it. the graphics are awesome! the bonuses are great. this is the only slots game i play anymore. love the new games also !!!! THANKS HOF\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4dyou are awesom\ud83d\ude01", "It's a fun game one of my favorites. just wish they gave more free points because I don't get to play very long.great!!!", "would give 5 but always running out of coins..ive purchased way too much n still not enough coins to keep it going same", "Overall good game...wish coin packages would include more spins not enough free spins for the money spent...games have really improved....but the money goes way to fast if you're bored", "love to play this game!! Sometimes a little frustrating after winning a big jackpot because the winning seems to stop. Its the closest thing to playing real slot machines. Highly recommended!!", "Fun! Higher chip count needed!. But fun! It is one of the best out there. Games are good, chip allotments are rediculous low compared to other apps.", "Relaxing and enjoyable. I just do not like the fact that my favorite 4 games keep getting moved to higher levels and then locked on me. This has happened to me 6 times now.", "Lots of Fun & Adventures * A must have game.The coolest game! !The Best! ! Awesomeness! :);) I highly recommend that you try this game, it's endless entertainment , addicting ,blast!! It's a very happening app. Indulge yourself :) Spectacular! ! Incredible!Fantastic! Marvelous! Amazing!Loads of fun!...Full Review", "love the games & love that they are always coming up with new adventures & ways to keep it fresh & exciting! great way to waste time ....TOO Much time sometimes.", "Wish there were less pop ups asking you to buy coins. An email would suffice. Excellent game play and otherwise excellent!", "I don't like it that you Lock up my games that I've been playing and trying to build up,, I find a game that I actually enjoy playing and you take it away from me.. I've came close to deleting you a couple of times and that's still not out of the question!", "No lie, I JUST WON 95 MILLION!!! FUN is in the HOUSE!!! Too many great games, you could play for hours!! I've been playing with them for years, they never let me down. Great service... All around number ONE app!!! ***WARNING*** HIGHLY ADDICTIVE!! Sincerely, an HOF Funatic", "Hard To even win coins to even play this app without having to spend your OWN REAL MONEY just to instantly lose every coin that was personally bought. Don't Waste Your Real Money For This App. Its Quite obvious they are trying to take as much money as possible from every person who plays this.", "I ENJOY PLAYING THE GAMES BIT YALL STOP THE GAMES TO MUCH FOR ME WHERE IS THE FUN IN PLAYING THE GAMES THANK YOU VERY MUCH BUT I DON'T WANT TO PLAY ANY MORE I WILL PLAY ANOTHER GAME YALL NOT THE ONLY ONES YALL TAKE THE FUN OUT OF IT", "for whatever reason the games have gotten really tight with payouts, $30 dollars in purchases, over 2 days and over 300 spins and no free spins or bonus on\"Vegas classic link\" disappointing.", "Great app...just needs to give u more coins and bonuses...Very addictive....Love it...this is such a fun and great game....best slots game...keep up the great work ...this game just keeps getting better...we do need more coins though....thank you for giving us more coins throughout the day and more ...Full Review", "Great app, but not my favorite anymore... Bonuses could be better and so could payouts. The credits go quick in this game.. Not a big fan of the changes in the game", "I used to love this app. It has gone from bad to worse. Very hard to get a decent free spin. Takes too much to even get one. Try another app.", "Addictive. Fantastic Graphics,Love this game...And to be free...that's amazing! No ads..refills coins every couple hours,and lots of different slots to play. Definitely worth a shot!!", "you get very little play.they give you some coins and if you're lucky enough to win they ask you rate them after you lost thousands or more. you're supposed to get a daily quiz but you're lucky if you get it ever if 3rd day", "I've been at the same tier for almost 2 years, what does it take to move to the next level??? I play several times daily. still waiting for an upgrade! 2/15/19- still no upgrade.", "I'm on level 634 so you know I've been playing this game for years matter of fact since 2012...I've only been able to hit one jackpot which was soooo fun!! please dont make it so hard to hit a jackpot every now and then...from a 7 yr. loyal player\ud83d\udc4d", "Payouts are too low during challenges. 1 million coins and if you do qualifying bet you can't even play for 15 minutes.", "i love HOF. It is about the only game sight i like playing. i dont like running out of pts so soon tho. i wish u had bigger prize amounts.", "was never awarded the gems from the offer wall. I know many others that have the same issue. it is not right when you spend hours a day, reaching the required level for the award.", "I love this game, still my favorite game. Everytime I change to a different phone this is the first app I download. Can't find anything that fits closely to House of Fun. The only game I've actually spent money to play. Fun, fun, fun.", "Love this game.just wish I could get more coins more often. I continue to say i wish I would get higher spins so I could bet higher. I rate this game on a scale of 1 to 5 i rate it at 10 a 10 on a scale of 1-5l", "They took are points away tht we already had and made us start over for the rewards I think tht sad wrong getting ready to un download this."], "Football Strike - Multiplayer Soccer": ["Awesome game. Great graphics and can get you going for hours before you it. It's a must download as you will not regret it. My kid had a doctor's appointment recently and was playing it while they gave him a shot. It was ONLY after we were finished and heading home did my son realized he had played ...Full Review", "This is an absorbing, entertaining game. Provides hours of fun, matching your skills against a multitude of opponents. However, there are some kinks to be worked out and the biggest of them being the ever constant nuisance of \"connecting\" during which you can lose the rewards in the various kit bags...Full Review", "Fun game, I've only been playing for about 6 days and I love it.... but for some reason I started playing today and the games kept losing connection and now my account has a permanent ban due to \"exploiting the game\". I've never exploited any game in my life and your servers had issues yet my accoun...Full Review", "Like most games you get to a level and all the game does is want you to spend money. Sometimes you dive left it goes right or you want to go up it goes down ?? Still a few control issues. It's a great game and graphics and actions are great. Pity money is an agenda.... several times I've got up to 1...Full Review", "Surprisingly good time killer. The in-game purchases sometimes are kinda boring (e.g when you're out of coins or paper and have to wait 2 hours for things to open again) but unless you intend to play this 24/7, it's alright. Edit: As you progress through the game without spending real money you will...Full Review", "Hated the update and the lucky strike is nonsense. Please developer kindly revert to the lucky spinning. Again please, sometimes when on game play mode and suddenly there will be disconnection from server and we lose our stake. I suggest that once a game is not completely ended, there shouldn't be a...Full Review", "Anyone complaining below must have rubbish phone or not set up right, cos this is as accurate as can be... It's great fun.. Shoot out is fast and fun against real players.. Goal keeping is hair raising.. If u love football why u reading this.. Go install. If u like me and have no interest in footbal...Full Review", "Well the game is awesome, very interesting nd so addictive. Try it and you will enjoy. One problem I have experienced u cnt use coins to buy matches nd the matches ar very expensive, please wrk on that Other wise the game is so amazing!", "this game, for what it is, is very well made. the graphics could be a little better. ad the crowd could be more detailed. it could be easier to get rewards. also, whenever i watch ads to get coins, they never give me my reward. apart from that, this is my favourite soccer game(I dont like fifa hones...Full Review", "It's and addiction fair but goalie needs to be fixed. It freezes and we push one way it goes the other way will definitely need to correct and speed up my controllers for goalie that has to be looked into but the rest of the game I give a thumbs up. It a new year 2019 and I'm get ripped off in the $...Full Review", "Biggest piece of **** I ever played. The spawn has a lag, if the oponent has a bigger level he gets to shoot first. Forget about fair play. Waste of time", "Great addict game, time is flying playing it... I cannot stop playing it. Great Question; why it isn't possible to register the current id, through e-mail address but only through Facebook ?", "absolute trash, the controls are rigged, as with most games if the game engine has dictated something beforehand, it will not matter what you do, the outcome has already been decided. scam to get silly little kids to pay out", "Good game. Disappointed only being a guest if I don't have stupid facebook. In 8ball I have a my google name? If you update this I will give 5 stars. FYI facebook sux", "The game is terrible. You have next to no control over the keeper, can't make any saves especially when you play someone that has paid. It's a total joke and totally favors those that pay, and I'm sorry but there is no way I'll waste money on this game.", "boring game I want to give it 0 stars .its very slow and because of that i lost so many games with others. quality is good.", "The game is fun and all but the loading time takes from now to next week and/if the creators read this please can you fix it automaticly because I was about to recomened it to my friends but this happend.Is this a bug?Or a prank that makes people mad.....I WANT ANSWERS!!!", "this game would of been 5 stars up until they banned me for buying a package of $25 which included money, gold and 2 premium bags. i was on level 36 with all balls and gears and stats somewhat well. i slottered a level 18 in shooting and he flagged me for it thus causing my ban. when i reached out t...Full Review", "Most pobably some players are cheating, I really don't know how, but they play the ball like a machine gun (approx. 3 to 4 shots per shot of mine) which is unfare. Is this normal?", "prettu cool game. but just wish the people you vs were like your skill level cause i can run into a super good player or a super bad player but overall its a great game.", "It is a good experience to play with other people over the planet. It is amazing you can get so many items and try so many trickshots. However, I still wonder how many people have so much power in their shots and I dont. I still need it to be made more clear. But, still, it is an amazing game to pla...Full Review", "Wonderful game but the crossbar challenges, the accuracy when u swipe is far off so that needs some touch ups but other than that there is nothing else \ud83c\udfae\u26bd\ud83c\udfc1", "so far so good i really like it only dont have 5 as i am early into the game and could have more kit selections but a good skill game", "Amazing app game for football fans all over the world! to showcase your creativity of your sensational strokes hitting the ball and develop your timing skills on defense under free kick mode : ) love this app its addictive though I never missed a day not to play this game to win.\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude0e\ud83e\udd17\ud83e\udd29\ud83d\ude18", "every time the other player has to shot and before I can play as kepper the balls in the net and it's not just me its other people thar i know", "I do not own or want to on FB account. This game requires one to be able to play with my friends....wrong.", "better game . but they not guess country . please give many countries to play this and world cup cud football excibition mode can put this .miniclip,please give us a game of pro kabaddi league", "lots of bugs. tier 6 wins (gold)can't add on ur rank in world or country. need solution for this", "my account has been blocked for no reason I haven't every cheated on the game or any game could you see my account again and tell me why I have been blocked", "I didn't like the fact if you upgraded phones you have to start the game all over and you lose everything.", "Don't install! would like to just say to the thieving C#nts who made this game \"Clears Throat\" .... Fu#k You!", "The game itself is fine,the only problem is my internet keeps dropping so I lose games.I have a few other games and this is the only one I have a problem with,going by the other reviews I'm not alone.get it sorted.", "great game just you should left the spin free every day. it was awesome. it's good the shot with the wind try every 12 hours but. you should it left both. more chances to give stuff to players....", "Lost more than 5 million game coins because it hangs before the game begins and sometime even after I win. 2 stars for that, or else it would be 5.", "changing it to 3 stars. ever since I reached lvl 6 the game either freezes or the game lags. by the time it works again the opponent has won the game.", "Game was so good but with last update i am unable to do anything on this game. Nothing is working now. Hey team do something After update on 08Feb 2019. Touch still not working \ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21", "its ok but dont understand the goalies you point One Direction it goes the other it gets confusing", "Pessimo! 2 partite di fila da 10mila crediti spesi che terminano per problemi di connessione, non mia, e mi vengono scalati i soldi lo stesso! Che schifo", "\u062a\u0627\u0644\u0627\u0631 \u06af\u0641\u062a\u0645\u0627\u0646 \u0627\u0646\u0642\u0644\u0627\u0628 \u0627\u0633\u0644\u0627\u0645\u06cc \u062f\u0631 \u0645\u0648\u0631\u062f \u0627\u064a\u0646 \u0634\u062e\u0635 \u0622\u0642\u0627\u06cc \u0647\u0627\u0634\u0645\u06cc \u062f\u0631 \u0627\u0646\u062a\u062e\u0627\u0628\u0627\u062a \u0634\u0631\u06a9\u062a \u06a9\u0631\u062f\u0646\u062f\u060c \u0627\u0632 \u0622\u0646 \u0628\u0647 \u0639\u0646\u0648\u0627\u0646 \u0645\u062b\u0627\u0644 \u062f\u0631 \u0645\u0648\u0631\u062f \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0645\u0648\u0636\u0648\u0639 \u0628\u0647 \u0639\u0646\u0648\u0627\u0646 \u06cc\u06a9 \u0631\u0627\u0647\u0628\u0631\u062f \u0627\u0635\u0644\u06cc \u06af\u0631\u0648\u0647 \u0647\u0627\u06cc \u0645\u062e\u062a\u0644\u0641 \u062f\u0631 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0632\u0645\u06cc\u0646\u0647\u060c \u06a9\u0645 \u0646\u06af\u0630\u0627\u0634\u062a", "Lovey game i love the online Should allow yoy to also put your own comments with your friends but otherwise very solid thanks \ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc95", "Tons of competition. Aggressive. Fast paced. Completely left another game for this one. Had to download it for my little boy so I could play. Enjoy!", "The directio i swiped to it just stood there like are u kidding me.", "You did a very good job making it man so cool make part 2 makeit quick", "Decent and a good time killer for thefootb all fans. one of the best soccer single games ive tried. app always works too!!", "one star because since yesterday the touchscreen does not work while in game ( galaxy s9+)", "I don't normally like football but this is just addictive no adds it's brilliant", "i really enjoy this game. its not laggy or glitchy. i love that you can pick what type of mode you play", "This is a great game, lots of fun and very competitive, interesting challenges and keeps you entertained. I like it", "Love the fact i can play this with my 7 year old, simple game but nice \ud83e\udd29", "so fun and great game. sometimes there is game hang up error but no problem.", "It keeps freezing and then you lose coins will please fix it", "Still cannot play the game. still its hanged. FB ID- tabin. pls arrange to do something.", "really good game and no adverts come on the game I play this game all the time it's very good you can play this game with friends I recommend you play this game if your reading this", "It's lovely and interesting game. I love it lot of fun and skills testing app", "\u0645\u062e \u0645\u0635\u0631\u064a \u0646\u0638\u064a\u0641 \u062c\u062f\u0627 \u0648 \u0645\u0634\u064a\u0646\u0627 \u0641\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0627\u0644\u0645 \u0639\u0644\u0627\u062c\u0647 \u0641\u0643\u0633 \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0646\u0627\u0633 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u064a \u0628\u062a\u0633\u0627\u0641\u0631 \u064a\u0648\u0645\u064a\u0627 \u0627\u0648 \u0628\u062f\u0648\u064a \u0628\u064a\u0646\u0635\u0628 \u0627\u0644\u0646\u0635\u0628\u0627\u064a\u0647 \u0644\u0627", "Ce jeu est parfait. Il permet de s'am\u00e9liorer sur beaucoup de points sur le football.", "wow nice game verry usedfully and time pass karneka behetarin somai ka app ap sob lok use kar ke deko nice", "nice game love to play this game best game in the world feel good when I won better then life", "I thnk its the best game in the world when me and my son go travel its a great game to play in the car thanks football strike", "l like this app/ Game simple and fun ,. give it a try you'll see.", "the strike is very interesting game, but some games make me feel like it's not fair.", "It's really a good game, but I hope your next updates will be better than that", "I keep loosing my money every 3rd game when it fails to launch", "Not really in2 footy, But hey \" This aint 2bad 4a passing the time away game.. iv played it quite a few times now, also have come back4another \"Kick about\".. Ok game play & easy control...", "pretty fun. Good time waster if you are bored sitting waiting for food or something.", "my account got banned with no reason..they told me i have exploit the game..but the fact was my oppoenent's net connection was poor..this is so irritatinng..i want my account back.. my user is Sayak_104.. do the needfull", "Great game. Best of this kind in my opinion. And I tried lot of sorts games.", "really well handled wherever your finger moves is where the ball or goalie will go", "Good game cuz i play soccer and its so fun love it and u have too download it now.\ud83d\ude1c", "It's very addictive,challenging and just plain fun to play! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT!\ud83c\udfc6\ud83e\udd47\u26bd\ufe0f", "Left right side is not good, grafiks little make later...", "In Iran filter, make true this problem for our country \ud83d\ude25", "I'd say that this game has fantastic potential but is lacking in certain places where I want to see it get fixed one day", "Its awsome very entertaining relieves stress I wish there were more tournaments a little more often", "Great game addictive, frustrating, makes your swear box rich!.", "good game but when opponent has connection problem we also have to enter again pls fix that", "sweet graphics, I'm not a soccer fan or player but it's good.", "Good game...free coins and bags against watch online video option not available on my account ...plz give solution", "excellent and entertaining. The only downside is when it fails to connect during a game you lose points.But overaly good.", "ausome I like it do much \u0986\u09ae\u09b0\u09be \u09af\u09a6\u09bf \u098f\u0987 \u09b8\u09ac \u09b8\u09ae\u09df \u09a7\u09b0\u09c7 \u0996\u09be\u09b2\u09a4\u09c7 \u09aa\u09be\u09b0\u09a4\u09be\u09ae \u09ad\u09be\u09b2\u09cb \u09b9\u09df\u0964", "I love how I can customize my player and the game is just really fun", "Thanks for lying to me again by any chance leave babies are u not sure what happened babe xx love you heaps my mate Sylvia Rangitunoa Samuels", "I really like this game.it's my best game ever.", "I love this game because this game helps me to learn to play soccer with my friends and I have one million friends", "What the Hell I lost 300000 Coins Games gets stucks and coins are gone i want them back Miniclip", "a v good time passing game with little strategy and angled shots..", "love it. great game .cant put it down becoming very addictive. yes", "good game but try to help players earning some money", "its a good game been playing it everyday when i have free time", "brilliant a app I keep on winning all the boys 5 stars", "All I can say is fun I enjoy it. I haven't played a game this consistently in years.", "realistic football, great rewards, fun to pit your wits against international players, Love it", "Good game only the thing the other player should be same level or less not more", "don't install this game, worst game , l had wasted my 40 mb", "too many bots and keeper control is terrible", "getting better at football now best game ever people \u263a", "this is the best game ever for me because I'm like soccer", "need to improved the prizes of free rewards send a good friend gifts and spin to win", "It's fast and doesn't take long to load up.", "its good game in sports and the free kicks is very interesting", "i love this game because i looks like a original pictures, real game", "esta padre! pero hay veces que la pelota no sigue el trayecto indicado.", "i love it so far the good graphics zero lag i just need more cash and coins hahah", "Nice game but too many glitches and loses connection easily even though the fone has full reception which results in match lose I hate this part a lot please improve or better opt for some other game", "I want more money and bakej this is the poor thing", "it is great but you need to put nottingam forest kit in", "Hello aslkm rat the best for you umrah and back to bolo", "really Good app l liked that it had different things and you could practice as much as you want it good because the game tells you how you are at football games.", "outstanding game I love this game\u2665\ufe0f\u2665\ufe0f Good for time pass", "good game... play today, play tomorrow or don't play for a day or two...", "well this game just helps me in real life.", "so aswome cool and fantastic and it is the best love all of you love you", "awesome addicting game. no glitches whatsoever!", "good game but they cheat with super ball so you can't win", "It's actually a pretty good game I enjoy it!!!", "Be aware....This game developers are cheat....They are maintaining dirty policy.....Now I hate this app....", "pls chek the hackers in the game i hate this game for ppl hacking", "great game I love it i wish they added new uniforms like the one of :cuervos negros de nuevo toledo fc (I'm not a bot)", "Excellent and fantastic game having good entertainment definitely deserve 5 star would like to give more than star \ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f", "it's kinda slow on response but it is a fun game to play I like it", "i don't know y u ban me. i want to play this game. pls help", "it is a great game to play if you like soccer", "wow nice game very used fully app", "It is a good experience with footbalstrike i like it very much", "very best game ever i play for boys and girls", "more than a year n a half now playing nothing other than this game... thanks to the developer, you gave joy to our life \ud83d\udd92", "good and horny sike you thot love the game soccer so good sike you thot jk soccer a great sport", "great game, it would also be fun and great to have a goalie practice mode", "Excellent graphics and game play. Very responsive movements with no lag.", "Uninstall, Uninstall and Uninstall,,,,,,,,,, I'm in level 17 and you organized a game (100K Turkey) against a competitor of level 92 .. Where is the justice ?????? Uninstall \ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21 By the way I have saved the screen shot", "good. bt please make a path to ourchase stars", "Mini clip always giving an awesome games..8ball pool then football strike", "It's a really good football game and a just a bit delayed on the keeper, just at bit though", "I played more than 6 thousands game and never found the vip card is that joke", "Best Soccer game I've found! Challenging & Addicting! A+++", "Good game nice control and its not full of adds like most other games are", "qood game, gets a little tricky.", "Fun game. keeps you entertained for a short period of time when bored.", "Pretty good game... one of my favourite game... Only issue is due to network problem..", "it's amazing even though I'm a kid and does not have a Facebook you can still chat to people after the games.", "too much lag in the game. rewards doesnt work. wait is too long.", "u got to change something about this game, when i shot it took so long before the human shot and the moving human was already in the way so change", "im never gone stop playing this game and big fan", "Not diving where I want to. It does not dive when I swipe towards ball", "adicted and fun game specially with fb friends", "so good games i m very enjoy", "so good game but make it more enjoyable and messages allowed with opposite player", "good game but career mode is hard", "best football game i ever played i love it", "the game is very good at football it is easy for us", "good game if you like snooker", "The game is interesting but the problem is that,it can't play offline", "This game is so bad\ud83d\udc4e. Don't download it. a", "Very very super game hey gentleman enjoy ur game", "It is a very good game but when I open it, it will take to much time.", "Keeper won't move? Disappointing", "a stupid game not working what a waste very bad", "its a great test of skill..nice rewards...would be nice to have female avatars to compete against.", "so nice game..i like it..some time only cannot understand this game..but im enjoy this game now\ud83d\udc4c\ud83c\udffe", "great game. great customisation. more variation in shooting angles and distances would be a great addition.", "fun not expensive not many buy ups to enjoy.", "\u064a\u0646\u0642\u0635\u0647\u0627 \u0627\u0646 \u0643\u062a\u0631\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u062a\u0645\u0631\u064a\u0646 \u062a\u0623\u062b\u0631 \u0639\u0644\u064a \u0643\u0641\u0627\u0621\u0629 \u0648\u0633\u0631\u0639\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u064a\u0628\u0629 \u0628\u0633 \u0628\u062c\u062f \u062c\u0645\u064a\u0644\u0629", "great game no lag problems and sweet prizes;)", "masuru game onnu.nalla vilayaanda porukaathe udane athu sari Illa ithu sari Illa nu game ma vittu velakkitan sakkiliyan. intha game ma illa makkunga sunthar uncle.", "very very bad game and that is all i am going to say", "The free spin is replaced by a non rewarding free kick..", "This game is just cool. I'd gladly buy its in-app purchases \ud83d\ude04", "revert to daily spin rather than daily lucky shot", "its just laggy I dont thunk its good", "amazing game. am addicted", "great game and I love ita lot .", "We want real faces of players pls...but everything is perfect...this is the best...10stars\ud83d\udc4c", "I beat 500 people it's so cool", "Very nice. Love to play on daily basis. great ghraphics.", "not so much enjoing", "I love this game cause I play soccer in real life", "lagging all the time so annoying", "it glitches sometimea but its a great time killer", "I really enjoy it especially since soccer is my favorite sport. I glad I saw this game keep it going!\ud83d\ude03\u2764\u26bd\ufe0f", "cool game, definitely addictive and just wish the connection wouldnt drop as often.", "Its pretty fun...if there was an option to play against computer as much as u wanted it be 5 stars. But good game.", "super cool game.i loved, everybody sure played it it's very fun .", "love this game it's very nice game i play all the time but i want 100000 coins match should be add expect 200 coins tier 1.", "wench guy is back arm ng guff", "keep getting the same change of clothes i have not gotten any new clothes.", "can d stress out.\u263a", "Its a fun and great way to practice and exercise your mind when im not in the field", "Kieran Richardson is 9th and I 6th 6th the vipers and lknpolish", "only and only hangs. it reduces the fun and your earnings drastically", "waste we are not winning in this game", "Damn. still freezing :(", "Straight forward enjoyable but lots of money must be spent to proceed", "this game is more interested for me and my friends", "I like this game so much!", "I will prefer if there are penalty kicks and free kicks practice", "lucky shot not good, there should be only spin and win", "great game..so adictive.. I LOVE IT ....\u270c\ud83c\udffc\ud83d\ude0e\ud83e\udd19\ud83c\udffc", "Overall. ?..IT'S LIKE DAT", "joss gandos kotos kotos eruh ora artine?", "Its very action game and suspense i like this game"], "Roulette Royale - FREE Casino": ["Good for learning. Would like to have an option to start a separate game mode with only $100, and not be able to get free money from leveling up. This would be a truly competitive game mode, where you can't rely on free money to save you.", "Great to practice roulette strategies before going to gamble. I have electronic Casinos near me so feels like same as the real thing less risk though. Great fun", "Edit: Great multiplayer update . And listening to our feedback. Now it reconnects and continues the game. Earlier, It was disconnecting from game when network is patchy. Multiplayer tournaments are fun and short. Simple and fun game", "showing details clearly.. can play fast... avoid time wastage.. video quality is good.. good practice before playing acctual game", "very good ap to test on b4 going into the real thing, made 1000 into 250,000, if had started with 100 then i would of had 25,000,000, now if only i had played it for real lol", "DONT DOWNLOAD! Worst roulette game I have ever played!", "I use this game to prep for actually playing in real life. super fun!", "I love the game. It's like it's a reality roulette.", "nice game very addictive", "I like how it explained everything in easy contect. Very straight forward and easy to play. I have tried other apps, but found they wanted to play games. I really like this app! Regards, Frank...", "following and practing youtube tips cor the real deal", "just like the real deal! exciting!!", "i don't think the ranking is real. really", "Lots of tournaments or play solo offline.", "Keep it up. Thank you!", "real helped my play at the casino", "You finally did it worked out what i was doing and took the chips, one star", "Very pleasurable but slightly pressured.", "Exactly what is needed in a roulette game. Even free top-ups!", "love the stat's,part easy to keep record of your strategy", "love thi game", "no ads!", "the game is not random it wants you to Los answer by chips.its obvi", "I just play the demo. it's fun and has no problems.", "need bigger payouts", "mani arn app", "this game is very best and entertaining and earning \ud83d\udcb0 but your time pass", "love this app! great practice for the real deal.", "it's a cool game", "rigged", "say me colour perfect red or black", "Best roulette game I've played", "Great aap for learning", "A very fun and enjoyable game.", "very good nice app game", "time pass", "very interesting. very entertaining.. very addictive.", "Good time pass game", "good app I like it", "learning to play roulette and loving it", "just for fun, it's great.", "Simple easy to use.", "jhakkaashhhhh....", "very good game .", "good game. 100!!!!!", "Very fun!", "great game!", "It's amazing !!!", "very nice game", "great fantastic fun", "very good app", "Okay", "like", "keren", "super", "waw", "\u597d", "hj", "suck", "bogas", "Ty", "super", "cun", "super", "sucks", "it's good apps", "\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01", "very good", "great for learning", "great game", "Very nice", "nice game", "very good", "nice game", "good game", "good game", "great game", "great fun", "great game", "nice game", "nice game", "The best", "Fun game", "nice play", "good game", "good love it", "i love this game", "nice game", "nice game", "Good Game", "good training", "nice game nice game", "gr8 fun and gr8", "nice game..Roulette,,,,,,,,\u270c", "nice,", "gr8 game.....\ud83d\ude44", "Good", "good", "greatest", "useful", "good", "nice", "good", "good", "good", "pleasant", "excellent", "cool", "the best", "good", "Great", "nice", "great", "good", "good", "good", "love it", "nice", "great", "good", "best", "good", "Great", "nice", "great", "good", "One day I noticed something was weird about some of the rolls I was getting and started purposefully making bets to try and get a 1 in 50,000 chance result of flooding the board with one color from making deliberate bets. Literally was able to manipulate the algorithm to go full red, then full black...Full Review", "I still play this game just because it's something to do but it's very predictable it will let you win your 1st couple spin then it makes you lose over and over again it is very NOT random no matter how much they say it is!!! this game is rigged I would never purchase anything or buy anything from t...Full Review", "I love this game BUT why the countdown for the top up bonus?? Because when this is happening a 2000 coin bonus comes up in the background and I can't claim it because of the countdown. This is crazy !!! otherwise it's a good game", "Very bad no real people on the tables use fake people on live but not 2 bad in solo mode. would like to play against real players .", "the game is a good representation of a real life roulette. it is good for practice and get ready for the real thing. although it seems that it is not random because it seems to fall almost on the same numbers depending on your bets. But the simulation is very good", "I have used this app to practice several betting methods. It works very nicely and will let you do $1 bets like the video roulette at some casinos.", "I love the flow and realism of the odds. But above all I love the way you can cherry pick what you want to take off the board too many other app have it where you have to erase the whole board.", "no points playing on this app , i installed the app once and got up to 20bn and the app crashed and i was left with 200k , i contacted thr support with fail attempt .", "it rips you off like the real slot you bet red it goes black you bet black it goes red and if you bet on every number but one the one you didnt bet on comes up exactly like the casinos", "the game is a complete waste of your battery, please do not buy any chips, a total con", "why always disconnected even I don't have any problem with Internet. especially when I won the game on the last rounds make it disconnect.", "you took 860 sar from my mastercard which costs 4 SAR inside the application...you took money way more than needed... why is that??", "I come from the Casino industry. This is the worst roulette app ever. Not like the real game. Its a computer controlling the numbers it spin. No stars is the real answer.", "paid for chips, never recieved them. RIP off. avoid this app. server often disconnects in tournaments causing your buy in to be lost.", "HOW CAN KNOW WHAT NUMBER WILL NEXT AND I CAN WIN PLEASE EXPLAIN I NEED THIS URGENT BASE.", "Keeps bugging you to rate the game", "Pretty fun but I kept using the same guess and didn't realise you couldn't do that a certain amount of times.", "great for R & D before you visit the casino", "Best free casino style game, but the bonus bar disappears to soon", "It's RIGGED, real Roulette does not behave as the one in the game.", "like 2 play awaiting flight assignments from LAS 2 Groom.", "fantasic game I like allthe bonus money it gives you. this is my number one game.", "this is fun game. ideal to practice before you go to casino to play with real money", "fun game. kills the time. easy to use and not bogged down with ads.", "great to learn and get ready for real thing. fun to", "so far soo good..nice game guys thank you\u2665\u2661\u2665", "full time pass", "Mind observation training", "nce game fullonn", "is a good game but make money available for offline", "great game n top up bonuses", "great for trying different systems out...for free.", "Very Nicely developed. Highly recommended", "need more Features", "badia game", "great game need more selections", "Awsome game!!!!", "super games", "This is good for simulations on your strategy.", "excellent 4 practicing strategy", "like it not to bad of a game", "nice game no tention", "ok", "BEST GAME EVER!!!", "good app. thanks", "I love this game", "best game ever", "very good game", "just a lot of enjoyment", "very good RR", "good app", "nnnnnnn", "super", "a+", "ok", "wew", "excellent game.", "fun", "Nice game", "Great entertainment", "great fun", "good game", "good fun", "great game", "nice game", "learning lots", "very nice", "nice game", "good one", "realistic plays", "easy to use", "Good luck", "Good game", "nice"], "DoubleU Casino - Free Slots": ["Disgusting rigging of your slots. Terrible payouts. You only get free spins on the lowest bet and with terrible payouts. I had bet high on several games and never get free spins. Delete the app or do not download it. Your graphics and games are good. That is the only good thing on your casino", "clearly fixed. The pay outs are inconsistent as a percentage. larger bets have lower return percentage then smaller bets. as Australian the purchase prices are 50% more then the US charges are. There are a lot of games but most are very similar with minor graphical changes, and being constantly forc...Full Review", "I am going to uninstall this damn game cause I am tired of the stupid notices and just like all slot games they let you win for a little while before they make you lose and you win far less then what you bet", "It is very fun, it takes All your coins NO Bonuses OR free spines AT all. You have to DO better then that. VERY disappointing. .......", "What has happened? I spent \u00a356 this morning on chips and had around 110 million left to play with when i took a break. My tablet crashed while i was away and i had to reinstall all my apps. when i tried to get back into DoubleU Casino it now only gives me the option of signing in as a guest and my c...Full Review", "I am Julia Richmond and I picked the ones I most liked to play and love them and how they get me feeling like it could really be real winnings if it weren't for the charges for tokens. \"The big\" what ifs!", "its no fun having to update every two or three days just becouse thay want to add a game . an update is about 25mb to 5p mb at its smallest", "been playing double up casino for a while now but I had to uninstall it for a little bit due to technical issues with my phone man did I miss it", "I like this game, but I would not spend real money on it! When you are using the auto-spin feature the addition seems a little wonky...you know what they say, the house always wins!", "This is definitely the best casino it should be rated number 1 the payouts are good and the graphics are awesome it's addictive no doubt but loads of fun.", "This is the best game by far on android. been a member since 2013 when the game first came out.. when you could have 20 000 more friends. Love it", "Hard to win and dont get bonuses. The last week i havent gotten my mission bonuses and i havent won the \"jackpot\" on the slots in a long time and i play alot. A few months later and still havent won a jackpot on slots. Time to find another game", "if you don't mind please quit eating up my memory on my phone with the updates. I am almost done with this....", "Use to be fun, but now it sucks! They took away the big team bonuses and the small amount they give you to play with, you quickly lose.", "Fun - but once you up your bets you NEVER NEVER hit the feature! Predictable...ugggh", "poor pay very poor pay. collect enough chips in 4 days to play for 15 minutes. very poor", "Need to take 160 off of spin, thats all i EVER GET.When you buy as many chips as I do and you are out of chips and only get 160 for 3x kinda says dont play anymore!!!!!!", "Easiest app for acquiring, free credits. This is actually my favorite gambling app.", "fast,... coins don't last and it's hard to win any not paying cash for coins that the game itself can't even match my purchase", "i cant even play, as soon as it start spinning it says no iternet connection. it takes forever to open and i do Not see why you need access to my camara!!", "you need to find new games in the classic casino..the best game is the 3x 6x 9x..the rest is garbage.", "It is hard to build money. machine not hitting great. wanting u to spend money, money money", "been lucky hit 2 days big", "DoubleU casino the best and hours of fun play", "this is the best slot game ever. i love it", "A fantastic game i recommend it to anyone who likes their slots", "my my experience with this has been adventurous", "DUC IS THE BEST GAME EVER!!! THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING YOU DO FOR MY GAMING EXPERIENCE!", "wow this game went down hill it sucks", "i like this alot may be an addiction problem for me", "the game is ok prizes are low and the lowest amount one can bet i find rather high on some games", "im bored and really don't understand this", "I'm totally addicted to this casino!", "very addictive when I'm bored this helps pass time.", "Its the best out there, BY FAR...", "great game, easier chance to win more games.", "Thank you, been playing ur game for bout 5 years now, I've always enjoy playing , thank you again", "l love these games. A lot of variety. And they actually let you win.", "great game but to hard to hit jackpots or big wins the coins go fast.", "very poor game all they want you to do is buy money never no big jackpots", "just stard seems ok", "ripturbo15 love playing with DUC it's like having an entire game room in the palm of my hand!", "you never win big", "the only game left on my phone lol", "love the new games!! 2", "stingy, will uninstall", "enjoyed this very much a great variety of games", "I was paid to write thus review lol", "It's a great game I love it and am addicted to it", "New and hopefully we can win!", "Best slots ever, but not enough free coins given everyday.", "Love these slots. Payout is good.", "I play these slots because the look good and play better than others. Love it.", "very exciting and lots of fun", "so much fun win lots", "it's a good time killer", "addicting slots and hours of action.", "good but ran out of chips.", "fun waste of time", "this game is a blast! come join me !$$", "been playing on and off for years", "good game to play and pass the time", "fun fast furious", "\"Very disappointed \" :( :( :(", "I'm just glad I'm back!!!!", "this an official awesome game better than I thought it would be", "ok so far", "poor chance of winning", "okay just started", "Awesome! LOVE IT! AWESOME! MAGNIFICENT!", "awesome game thanks", "Thank you DUC for wonderful hours of play fun.", "great, should give more free bonus spins", "many many games to play", "i enjoy this game DAILY !!!!! IT'S A MUST HAVE SLOT GAME !! still playing...love....\u2763\ufe0f\u2763\ufe0f\u2763\ufe0f DOUBLE U CASINO 2-20-19. ...", "love double u!!! been playing for 4 years and still enjoy!!", "Excellent graphics. Great game.", "Beginning to play. Will let you know later.", "\ud83d\udc9e\ud83d\udc9e\ud83d\udc9e\ud83d\udc9e\ud83d\udc9e\ud83d\udc9e\ud83d\udc9e\ud83d\udc9e", "awesome grafic and game play love it!", "Best slot game I've found!", "Enjoy this site! Love Most of the games!", "free coins :)", "enjoy the game, play every day", "to early in the games to rate better stars", "i love this game it ease my mind", "very fun game to play i enjoy it", "most exciting slots never boring", "No winners", "never win", "just downloaded", "just starting", "aw some", "its ok", "site for distraction", "fun time all the time", "Fair deal and entertaining graphics.", "good game.", "love it pays out good.", "So far so good", "nice Graphics big payouts", "Lots of cash and lots of fun", "Awesome game thank you", "having fun...so far love it", "its a great game!", "great relaxing for stress", "very good game to play", "I Love DoubleU Casino", "Fun Game time killer", "thanks for your great work", "disappointing.", "cool game", "realreally great", "awesome game", "Absolutely love this game!\u2661\u2661", "a little too addictive!!", "need more free money..", "Awesome", "great game !", "Very fun to play \ud83d\ude00", "Love it", "very g [good", "its the best yet !!!!", "best game ever", "brillant game love it", "ENJOY THE GAME", "really fun to play", "not a bad game", "slots are fun and interesting", "love it hours of fun", "love the coin rewards", "is all good and fun", "fun so far", "its a cool game", "Fun and addicting.", "beuno", "ok", "up", "ok", "great. thanks", "Great games.", "Very good.", "Fun!!", "GREAT!!", "Love it!", "love it!!", "\ud83d\ude00", "having fun", "Great game", "love this game", "great game", "easy wins", "lots of fun", "easy wins", "great game", "really fun", "love this game", "fun games", "great love it", "great games", "its fun", "great games", "Fun games", "Good Games", "its good", "great fun", "good game", "true enjoyment", "lots of fun", "love it", "bland", "awesome", "so.much fun", "it's great", "great.", "great", "great", "good", "awesome", "wonderful", "is fun", "fun", "cool", "love it", "great", "love it", "it is great", "kool", "Good", "fun", "kool", "Nice", "good", "amazing", "wonderful", "good", "awesome", "nice", "excellent", "This game is getting worse 15 days now and no reply from customer support. Definitely not a consistent game app bonus only when it remembers and everytime you query them that never get back to you and if they do it takes weeks not happy at all."], "Take5 Free Slots \u2013 Real Vegas Casino": ["it's the best game ever only game to play. the pictures of eatch game is clear and so much fun to play i get so caught up in it.i lose track of time.", "Do not understand why this runs a check when I am trying to download a new game on Take 5. it shows the site was checked for the day.", "no good at all .Always the loser .No way to be winner.play for many years.lose all the time.no incentive to spend more money to get coins .", "on the s8 and s9 the whole game takes up more of the screen than is available and you cant see it all like it is cropped. sort it out please.", "Fun and enjoyable game. Gets you excited and anxious. Love it. a must dowload for any casino enthusiasts.", "love my club love your casinos!! Got gambler's anonymous phone# lol cj ray", "never can win to play awhile", "it's a bit boring", "good way to pass time.", "fantick is the only game.to.play", "gkokog gakek", "passes the time", "Great slots, love the graphics", "its different but fun", "loved playing these.", "nice time killer", "Great games thanks", "great games", "awesome games", "awesome game", "love the games", "good game", "Great!!!!", "loving it", "great", "awesome", "fun", "great\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01", "is there any possibility to get winning jackpot to my bank account , please tell me . if not possible I will quit...", "it sucks! you get designsted to a loser rooms with bunch of employees or bots", "OH MY FUCKING GOODNESS ALL DAY I'M COLLECTING AND LOOSING IN MINUTES I CAN'T PLAY 5 MINUTES, T5 KOREAN CUNTS DELEBRITY SWITCHED MY PAYS OFF, BE CAREFUL THESE ARE KOREAN MAFFIER PLEASE DO NOT BUY COINS OR DOWNLOAD THIS BULLSHIT SCAM SITE, OMG ONLY PAYING GUEST PLAYERS AS EMPLOYEES OF T5, THEY SEND IN...Full Review", "still begining the game", "its a lot of fun play and win Thanks to all.", "good so far", "Cool fun", "cool.", "I love the games but I don,t like the way you have to cash in treat tickets. You have to get loyalty points by sending treat tickets and then you can collect tickets according to your points. If you play a game with no other players you can,t get loyalty points. Players are sharing their winnings wi...Full Review", "this is ok game, however I do find that when it sends you notifications that no matter how quick you tap on it by the time it opens the game the notification has expired. I just got one and went from what I was doing directly to the game by clicking on the notification that comes across your phone. ...Full Review", "I used to enjoy this game alot!! Until...IT STOPPED PAYING OUT ON ALL SLOTS!!! I know its \"JUST FOR FUN\" game. But, It has gotten to where I DO NOT WANT TO PLAY IT, ANYMORE!!! PLEASE LOOSEN ALL SLOTS UP???", "this game is a joke. It's a money gimmick. I've even paid to play and all it does is suck the playable money from you just to have to pay again to play. this isn't a game it's a way of life for someone to get rich. complete joke.", "I am now level 12 and not once I've hit jackpot. Had 90.000.000 cash and even after spending money no really good prizes coming out. Graffics are awesome but just not worth playing with no prizes won", "this game has great graphics' excellent game play!! and your going to lose track of time itself. a little hard to win the really big pots. but a lot of fun", "you get credits for free but none of the games ever hit it feels like you are playing real money i never hit i get a few deals then out of credits and i dont bet high let me know if im doing something wrong", "the games are the best I have seen really fun to play, but the games are really tight. This can be a very expensive app to play.", "never hit a jp but games are cute and you can collect chips to play, you might not play for more 5han 30 min but its longer than big fish casino gives you, big fish never gives you enough chips to play more than 5 min lol", "Fun slots, good bonus spins, creative and entertaining original slots. Take a spin, odds are you'll have fun!", "Can't win like you used to be able to. Why can't we get the Fan Page on our tablets anymore?", "Lose connection to game even when internet is connected, have to spin many times before winning anything", "fun and addicting. plus, you dont actually lose any of your own money", "Just like playing in the casino. Tip of the day (Try out the western bull slot machine !!! )", "fun game but spending real money for game coins you dont win enough I have bought 12 million coins only to play and the game takes it all", "fun games I just hate all the sales pitches", "some games just eat your coins never win possibly never can but overall its ok", "These are pretty cool games. digging them ..", "i can't seem to be able to play", "I like this app. New games coming all time. Really great.", "really appreciate your game but we're ist he money adonde get my cash", "great casino fun games and ways of getting free spins and bonuses. oh yeah Robert is cute.", "only win so much then it gets taken back imo", "Please, never buy coins this site", "I love playing slot and you have very good ones.", "taking to long to unlock new game", "Games are decent. Like this one enough to keep playing.", "i have played these game for a few years and they are. still the best", "Too early too rate...just installed", "its okay game", "needs more bonuses", "great I just love it..whole day I wanna play it", "So Far Seems Like An Awesome Casino", "appreciate for more generous win. good game", "Time to have fun with Take 5 Slots.", "this is by far my favorite game of all times..", "very addicting game! LOVE IT!", "usually have enough wins to enjoy the game...", "a lot of choices and a lot of big wins", "love it such fun", "weast", "ok", "lots of fun", "\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "great!", "superb!", "Addictive!!", "\ud83d\ude0d", "awesome site", "good game", "its fun", "fun game", "the best ever", "nice game", "very fun", "fun games", "love this game", "GREAT", "nice", "fun", "grest", "exciting", "fun", "fun", "good", "great", "fun", "fun", "fun", "fun fun fun", "It's a good app. Great games but lose ALOT more than you win. Will continue playing hoping for that BIG WIN. Don't know why treat tickets are 4 times as much as they were last week. Really stinks having to give so much of my winnings away but I will always share.", "if you collect every free point you can get every day for two or three weeks then you can eventually play for about ten to fifteen minutes before you lose all points and have to start all over again. This is definitely not a game of chance like they say it is. it's a game that is programmed to have ...Full Review", "My absolute favorite! Always new games and the graphics are great...I may not win Every time but the payouts are good and keep you playing...the only slot game I've KEPT installed!", "I purchase credits no payback.i love the game but take 5 scam me. Hello i dont need to buy credit anymore, is a scam", "games are all about the same...kinda boring but i enjoy playing with other people and sending TY points but those tickets you get for winning big i have about 4-5 i cant redeem it wont do it idk why so this why only few stars", "I love this app, because you feel like you are playing with others and not alone in your room. Great graphics and great games!", "I love everything about Take5... awesome graphics, game variety, frequent and big payouts, bonuses, meeting new ppl... EVERYTHING!!!", "this is not take 5 free slots its take your money and loose slots. very bad payouts.", "i was just playing my free 50 spins and i won 144k+ and a 180k+ and noth times Take 5 stopped and i lost my winnings. wow...joke!!!", "I love playing this game but unfortunately I never get to play for very long because I'll start losing everything in seconds no matter which game i go to", "sooo addicting i hate it lol THIS IS MY FAV GAME. I PLAY EVERYDAY IT KEEPS ME ENTERTAINED. YAY FOR ME :)", "didnt expect it to be this much fun.", "not enough payouts. just the same as their other casino game DUC", "game o.k. when it loads. wins suck. dont pay to play costly and you dont win", "will not spend real money on this game after two times game money has vanished", "app has all the best slots i like to play. Thanks", "No coins to even play 2minutes", "I LIKE THIS APP, KEEPS ME OCCUPIED!AND IS THERAPEUTIC FOR ME!I LOVE IT!", "By far one of the better slot games in my opinion. great bonus games & Good payouts.", "i love this game very interesting", "These are the best slots yet!!!!! I enjoy playing them. Great features and pay outs. Must Try Youll Like Them. Have Fun!!!!!!!-", "gud slot i play it everyday thx... so fun cant get enuff.", "NOT THE BEST BUT DEFINITELY NOT THE WORST", "they stink", "ilove take five", "I love this game.. it's really easy to win bonuses and bulls and wilds..", "fantastic graphics love this game", "it keeps your attention it's nice and colorful it's just a nice pleasant game", "it's fun and they're very generous with free spins and free credits", "love the machines in this slot game they're addicting!", "Love this game...one of the best i have ever played!", "really good addicted", "Great games, great wins and graphics", "need bigger prizes, tones of fun", "good pay at times", "A Gerat Time and a Lot of FUN", "Love the game keeps me going", "Luv it!!! Fun for hours!!!!", "i like the gsme", "good time waster", "awesome games to play great sight!!!!", "nice games, bonuses are big", "nice games love to play", "one of the best apps ever", "thank you very much", "it's OK", "fun game", "Amazing great games and great bonuses", "very stimulating and challenging.", "Exceptionally vivid visual.", "I thought it to be fun.", "ULTIMATE COMBO JACKPOT!!!", "yay.", "awesome games love it", "love it great game", "good fun games", "cool game thanx", "love playing the slots", "Fantastic Fun !!", "nice game", "good app", "LOL!!! Excellent Earnings!!!", "ok", "wow", "gg", "awesone", "exe", "ok", "Simply wonderful.", "jackpots", "ok", "like", "best game..", "Fun!!!\ud83d\ude01", "\ud83d\udc4d", "\ud83d\ude18", "fun fun fun!!", "good game", "\ud83d\ude22\ud83d\ude22\ud83e\udd17\ud83e\udd17", "enjoy a lot", "awesome slot", "LOVE IT", "great and fun", "fun!!!!", "great game", "pretty fun", "nice app", "fantastic and FUN", "great games", "awesome love it", "graphics is good", "good fun", "have fun", "great graphics"], "Shadow Fight 3": ["Excellent graphics, Traditional weaponry, skills are brilliant BETTER THEN MORTAL KOMBAT!! no doubt, this should be the best fighting game. The good thing about this game is new weapons skills come about as you progress as a SURPRISE and tons of em instead unlike other games. Can you bring this on P...Full Review", "The game is excellent, I'm a long time fan of the series. With the last update there have been a few glitches. (1)The animation for a lot if not all ranged weapons is messed up. (2) Sometimes I send enemies flying way off the screen into the atmosphere, super funny and cool, but sure it's not suppos...Full Review", "The story is accelerating and the game is fun. The controls are great and easy to use and the rewards are fair. The only thing that made me upset about this game was the PVP. You have the option to duel once you reach a certain point in the game, but when you duel it's not real time PVP. You're faci...Full Review", "This is very interesting game to play.Online duel are awesome.I want to improve my skills and this game giving a chance to go on.Really,this is very nice game.The graphics of this game is fab... But there are two bugs to be fixed: 1.I want equall opponent in duel battle not less or not higher. 2.Fro...Full Review", "Needs a feature to re-watch and save your fights! Incredible 1 on 1 fighter game, ESPECIALLY for free and on mobile! The hitboxes can be incredibly satisfying when you've learned the range and positioning of each move. A very worthy follow up to Shadow Fight 2, lots of fun.", "Warning Honest review alert! The simple mechanics allow for light story telling and the art style is beautiful. I would recommend if you are tired of the \"tap, swipe \" mobile fighters. Wanna know what I think of other games? Check for my honest reviews and if you dont see any feel free to shoot me a...Full Review", "The game is great. Lots of fun. Cool weapons and gears. The only downside is after we've completed a chapter, the stages in that chapter is never to be seen again. They're gone. The game size is bigger than 1gb but we are stuck playing only stages in a new chapter. If all stages from all chapters is...Full Review", "THE NO.1 GAME :\"SHADOW FIGHT 3\": NEKKI u r great, your game is amazing and awesome from its chapters to graphics and to gameplay just awesome. Well I was upset because of your update in which u chang the behaviour of AI but now I'm greatfull of having such an incredible game. Well there is some few ...Full Review", "The core gameplay is great, rewards you for skillful plays and learning how to use armours and weapons correctly. I see a few major drawbacks, the awesome and very fun competitive mode needs to be reworked so I'm not facing real players that can one hit kill me, i understand that my skill is enough ...Full Review", "Well, so different from the 2. Expected a crowd fight, but it's OK. Just not down with the loading from server every now and then -- it makes the game somewhat dull because the internet is not always steady. And if the game didn't have the stage fight look it would have just been perfect -- if Shado...Full Review", "I'm reducing my rating from 5 stars to 2. Since it has become extremely and ridiculously difficult with the newest update. The challenge was fun for a while but then you realize you aren't progressing at all and it is almost like the game has been designed in a way for you to NEVER WIN! This isn't t...Full Review", "you game is really ridiculous, the mechanics are really below 1 in term of rating, you will obviously find a way to block this comment so that other won't know how unenjoyable frustrating your game, am really disappointed in nekki, i know making money is key, but to do this to your customer or fans ...Full Review", "Awesome Graphics, Gameplay, Physics, Story, Soundtrack. One of the Best Games. new event start Server response takes longer than expected please wait\ud83d\ude2e Server response takes longer than expected please wait\ud83e\udd14 Server response takes longer than expected please wait\ud83d\ude11 Server response takes longer than ...Full Review", "So I was playing tutorial today, after fighting June the dynasty girl. After that there was this loading screen after loading it said \"server connection problem\". Damn, I knew it was too good to be true. Everything was so good until it needed an internet connection. I mean what's the point of it alm...Full Review", "What the heck happened? Why did my game reset me to level one? my power level was about 14,000 before the reset. @Nekki, please help fix this. love the game and have put a year into this game, including buy packs here and there. this is just upsetting now. Once fixed I would be happy to give back th...Full Review", "This game is the best. Good graphics,good and simple controls,constant events,challenging AI,creative weapons,good storyline and more. But the only thing that can be improved is the difficulty of boss battles,everytime when I finish the small battles,there will be a boss fight,but its basically pay ...Full Review", "I like the game but there is somuch crashes during the game which is annoying. I tried reinstall it many times, still there is no solution. please fix this or I stop playing. I've been a loyal player to you since SF2 and YES I have purchased a lot of items using REAL Money!", "Since AI update Nekki promised a very fun game. No ,it isn't at all it's even more worse , what guys are programming there skynet ? I mean seriously the new AI is creepy for real, he knows everything about my next attack and that isn't fun is like fighting with The Terminator .All i want is to play ...Full Review", "i like the game a lot but there is one extremly infuriating thing. it cheats characters like itu can heal themselves that is absolutely unfair aggravating to the point where I want to delete the game and destroy my phone. get rid of that healing ability pronto", "I wish I could give zero stars. The new update makes this game unplayable. I hate everyone involved in the production of this game. This is the least fun game I have ever played. It is difficult for me to describe exactly the extent to which I hate it. I would love five minutes alone with the head d...Full Review", "horrible system of duels. you can easily meet -500 and +1000 at the duel rating. controls are horrible. i want to jump and kick and stupid character just kicks. stupid combo on many weapons. no way to do full combo because enemy will just fly to opposite corner of the map. feel angry and disappointe...Full Review", "this game is awesome the story is great controls and combos are cool too and especially the weapons and armors looks sick and the shadow powers also this game is fun! but im having a problem tho... sometimes the duel crashes when it loaded and i lose points and it sucks can you pls fix it? thnx....", "Loved the graphics.. Hate that it needs a server connection all the time.. Now after the latest update it needs access to server, but it keeps timing out... And it never let's me play the game.. Totally useless keeping the game installed anymore.. I'd prefer giving 0 stars for such bad client server...Full Review", "The game lags! Force closes! The game is turning into a premium from a freemiun! Feels like you have to buy stuff to upgrade the player and not win challenges.The game has great graphics but has bugs too that bring the game down.The only game that gets worse after every update would be this! The con...Full Review", "I love this game and went far in the story, BUT it's not allowing me to join any server for the past months. I got new Wi-Fi but it still doesn't work so I got angry and upset about it but really Its annoying. Can you add save data when you Delete the app because if I delete the app then download it...Full Review", "Since shadow fight 2 this is the most addicting game I have played. Those who are saying its bad and needs real money for progress they just lack the skills. I faced only one problem that sometime my custom control mapping is removed and there is a glitch in legion move BATTERING RAM that it doesn't...Full Review", "today after the event, the transformed coin did not add in my main coin slot.... something wrong happened. another problem is before the season end i have 3472 trophy but after the season end it reduced in 3400 trophy... 72 trophy vanished \ud83d\ude2d... other things are ok. \ud83d\udc4d", "When I going to fight in duel , quests or events it crashes and I got loss .Your team is just concentrate on new chapters, new events and new updates not on players and on there complaints and problems. I never have been play worst game like that. How could I enjoy this game if its crashes frequentl...Full Review", "Yeah, if you could have an AI that isn't programmed to calculate what move you are doing and picks a counterattack in the time that it takes you to press the button and for the move to activate, that would be great. Seriously, it isn't exactly fair to have an enemy AI that recieves the data on your ...Full Review", "This game is really nicely made, the characters are beautiful, same for the scenery but... after you discover the game and have a basic understanding of it you are completely stuck because the creators made sure you HAVE to pay to be able to continue. The non-paying gameplay stops at that, you have ...Full Review", "The game is butter smooth but requires a continous internet connection even though you can't really face other players. The game makes you think you are fighting other online players with is clearly not the case, those are just pre fought bots or other probably players. 'You can't pause a online fig...Full Review", "The most pathetic game i have ever played. Always matches with players having superior equipment and armor. Poor matching system . As a result , higher level players keep beating lower level players which is obvious and totally pathetic. Em done with this worthless game !!!!Not gonna play anymore ! ...Full Review", "Changed my rating was a 4 star, now a 1. I played this game previously on my last device. Made a few inapp purchases. And I had to reset my phone and it didn't let me log in to my account and I made a new character. Around the time I got to the first boss my original account popped up, asked me a lo...Full Review", "The latest update's UI is good. But really need to work on the video reward system. There is a glitch in the reward system after seeing the whole video, when we close it then it starts buffering (the app doesn't responds), it gets hanged and even pressing the back button, do not solve the problem. T...Full Review", "worst thing is you have purchase equipment to be good player which is absurd in many sense, they compell you to fight 200-300 point higher point holder to embarrass your low ability and achievements so that you go and purchase their weapons. online player are not real player they have bots which hav...Full Review", "game have great graphics and visual effects but the AI makes you buy more equipment if you don't buy then you will lose 50% of the fights. even though your stats and opponents are equivalent. Their hits will do more damage to your health and they will block most of your hits while you will not be ab...Full Review", "WHAT IN THE HOLY HELL HAPPENED?! Y'all STILL have ALLOT of work to do when it comes to this game. The airscrew for Naginata is so trash now. Don't fix what's not broken. Great game over all though, but DAMN. STOP CHEATING US. And THE EFFING ADS MIDFIGHT?! THEY HAVE TO STOP. LIKE FR. Thank you \ud83d\ude01", "The game is broke af and the devs are out of their minds; requested them to nerf the AI a little bit, instead they buffed the hell up to literally an unreachable level. Bots ain't even letting the player attack. It' impossible for me to keep playing, regardless of how much I loved the game. Hope thi...Full Review", "You have made this game unplayable, unwinable, because of your greed. There is no way to win in the Lunar Festival especially since your opponent gains their health back with every hit they land, why does mine not do that. anyway I am reporting you to every governing body for yor tactics with this g...Full Review", "i love the game it is a good challenge and is fun to play quick paced and holds attention. it has a good story line. the AI can be hard to beat at times It can block attacks almost every tims and return attack immediately and get combos of 6 to 20 ide like to see a feature in training to where the p...Full Review", "Pay to win. The game itself is great, the controls are simple, fights are fun and challenging, and the graphics are top notch for a mobile game. The problem is that the in game purchases are ridiculous. Who in their right mind would ever drop $120 for gems? Especially when the equiment you'll get fr...Full Review", "i am stuck on level 4. i played it for many days yet my level didnt goes up. not even a lil bit. i get many level 5 and 6 weapons and armour. but could not equip them cus am at 4 lvl. i dont know what else to try to fix it. do u kno any effective ways besides deleting it and install again?", "the game improved a lot. I uninstalled a year ago because it was a real pain to improve yourself better. now it has events, secret fights, daily tasks - very good. the game method, the fight method, the graphics, arsenal of different equipments with different combat styles - amazing. there are still...Full Review", "super story , weapons , graphics, music . the thing is that in this game we have multi player. when we get boored by defeating enemies we can play with our friends . but the game is more than i gb and we can't play. with our old opponents like eclipse in shadow fight 2 . thanks to all who worked on ...Full Review", "This game cheats and has far too many glitches. on story mode the cpu can block instantly after performing a cumbo attack but you cant. in fact its like the game lets the opponent get a cumbo or two in before you can began to block attacks. another thing is when the game doesnt want you to win the g...Full Review", "DEVS HAVE DELIBERATELY RUINED THE GAME BECAUSE OF GREED! The AI has pre-programmed counter attacks based on your input! As a result the AI can execute perfect blocks, counter attacks and throws. MAKE THE AI BEHAVE LIKE A REAL PERSON! WHY HAVE YOU NOT FIXED THE DUAL SYSTEM SO THAT WE ONLY FIGHT OPPON...Full Review", "Great work from developer team, most would agree upon the excellent graphics and simple handheld controls (usually controls is very technical for fighting games). The part I love the most is detailed physics on weapons plus free upgrades and battle suit from different factions are just a great way t...Full Review", "This game was so fun and amazing!- While it lasted. I left the game and opened it again only to be told that my data had not be found and I had to restart. I was fine with that since I hadn't gotten that far, but now it doesn't even let me enter the game! It says there was a network error and I can'...Full Review", "The game is imbalanced greatly. even in chapter 1 Sarge is too op and the chances of winning as a player with the expected gear and experience is too slim. Firstly his defense is too op and he can tank 5x as much as u can and when in shadow stage he spams range movee and u get killed too fast. Also ...Full Review", "Updated: Now a days controls are becoming too worse that to mainly in events. when I try to pull backwards it rolls front side and getting head hit. Events are very different than duels, when season ends the ratings are scaled down. I don't know why. *************************************************...Full Review", "I keep getting fatal errors during the load. Then when the game finally runs, it crashes after the first match. It's a good game, but there always seems to be problem that makes it unplayable. Update: If you don't open the bonus cards, you can play 1 or 2 extra duels before the game crashes Update 2...Full Review", "Hey Nekki! Just wanna say Gr8 game awesome graphics but 4 stars because 1. Duel matchmaking is exactly like \ud83e\udd2e 2. Y U NO RELEASE EVENTS FASTER Also this game makes me feel like playing Shadow Fight 2 again!", "Changing my review to 1 star until they fix the bonus card glitch I've been getting the past month. Watch a video for the bonus card and after the video it just spins like it trying to load. After its fixed I'll gladly change back to 5 stars.", "Hey you kidding me right. it is very stupid game and make people angry. Currently, I was start to play this game I very happy but after I play in 2 year it is the worst game. Why you make duel with the opponent high power. For example, I have 1159 power but my opponent have a 2124 power.And it goes ...Full Review", "why the hell does snatcher in main quest in chapter 6 \"second arrow\" reduce our health so fast? he blocks everything and reduces our health to nothing in two combos while we have to do 2000 to freaking hurt him. why the hell us it such bloody nonsense? I have been stuck on it for over a month now. r...Full Review", "good game with amazing graphics. music is the best. on screen control sucks. so i play with xbox one controller connected. even then, there is lag in movement command getting translated in game. Not to mention that the game is rigged so that you have to keep spending money if you want to progress", "It would be nice if they would put in a mode where you can level up not just get gear. I'm stuck on level four fighting the boss Itu and i can't level up he is on insane and i cant beat him until they make change i won't change my mind. but everything else is fine that is just my one concern.", "the AI is too infuriating they block everything we throw and can put us into situations where we cant escape. The shock chance is too high for ENEMIES let that sink in we cant get a single shock in yet the AI acts as if they DECIDE to shock you. this game was good once but you absolutely dumbed it d...Full Review", "I have gotten the fatal errors before and lost my data. The first time, I wasn't really ahead in the game but the second time, I was on the Shadow Mind fight. I open the gane, fatal error, SENDS ME BACK TO THE BEGINNING. I've deleted this game and I will most likely not play agin", "The game difficulty takes a sudden rise after the first \"boss\", going from easy to impossible/insane. After that, your skill doesn't matter, but the equipment you have. In order to get better equipment, you need to level up, and, in order to level up, you need to beat the impossible enemies from the...Full Review", "All in all the game is good (could be better) such as very high chance of crashing and losing and the match or purchase you were doing. The hitbox is wack especially when dashing to the side and the weapons are retardedly op in pvp (Not good). Despite this, the game was enjoyable. Nice graphics and ...Full Review", "this game is suck. it had many bugs the cpu can block all my atack but i can't. the cpu in this game is insane and imposible to beat. and you must buy the chest to get beter equipment to beat the enemy. THIS IS PAY TO WIN GAME!", "I'm not satisfied with the rating. That's why giving 2 stars. I am Hero now and close to champion ie 3945 but later when I opened the game to play I got down to warrior again. it happened twice with me. I am not at all satisfied with the rating and stats. Even sometimes the controls are hard to mano...Full Review", "My son is 12 and this game gets way to hard for him after chapter one. Make it easier! It is hard he thinks to make all the special kicks an punches use only the buttons und theare is not a instruktion telling how to do the moves", "worst game ever.... feels like braking the phone every time i play...shitiest game ever made... only made for users to buy stuff... life is already frustrating and these games make you feel even shittier by making you loose again and again... -ve rating for this game. feel like braking the phone at ...Full Review", "This game looks interesting at first. But after hero level no progress. Duel represents 1200-1600pts more powerful opponents, such as mine is 12150 and duel opponent's is 13523! This part is so much boring. No progress since 9 months. rating shows 3400 to 3600. Overall its an average.", "fcuk fake event, only equipment ratity and skill matter? the ai have unbeaten power that able to one slash us and make player lose. this game's company desperate on money or what ? trying to make player spend money on levelling up equipment. one last thing i notice in this game, you guys make the ai...Full Review", "Great game until you play for a few levels. Very fair until all of a sudden gameplay becomes irrationally difficult. It's not a subtle and progressive difference in difficulty either. It's more like hitting a brick wall. All of a sudden every hit is blocked and what's that you say? I should go to th...Full Review", "Could've been a lot more than a money grabbing game this is. I've won insane level fights. Many of them, but the boss ones are too difficult, they should be impossible level fights. Same with the side missions. The odds are always against players who don't want to pay to play. I loved the previous g...Full Review", "DUEL CHEST GLITCH/APP CRASH Always had fun playing this game but recently i have had this glitch when ever i open a duel chest. The animation when the dual chest opens is on a Loop and eventually it crashes the game its really annoying. Everything else works great mission, side quests etc but the pr...Full Review", "very good graphics excellent controls and last of all good weapons. I'm telling everyone at least try the game its my first time playing it for an while after my phone broke its awesome please, please play the have an nice day.\u263a", "I like the game but it is bad laggy to the point it freezes up. I have tried to play at different times to see if there was a change but its laggy everytime I play. Also might need more ways to get your level higher. Contols I think will be fine if can get the lag out.", "the balance between faction styes is completely lost now, AI just shifts and throw spams. Fall takes sl long to recover,AI can just spam criticals a day which is annoying against heralds. Dynasty was good but weak against heralds now due to fall recovery taking too long. Any herald weapon beside kat...Full Review", "Upto a certain point it is fun, that is until your equipment is upto par with opponents. After that it is just impossible to win. With just 4-5 hits you lose and it would 10-20 good hits to win a single round. And dont forget about the shadow energy once the opponents use that your full health vanis...Full Review", "what the hell... good game fun to play put seriously wth. i painstakingly played for 10days doing the winter acension getting 6 tickets thinking it would enter me for lotts or something...but no they're tickets to allow me to painstakingly play more matches to 'possibly' win gear at the end of the 8...Full Review", "Stupid Game. SF2 was better than this. Apart fron the graphics. But the gameplay is stupid. Your moves are much slower than opponents. Ive been fighting sarge,but his ability is OP. And all he does was block and waste time. Doesn't matter even you have more life than him, at the end when both of u s...Full Review", "The game is stupid. When I am placed against an opponent who is clearly stronger than me ( me-987, them-1103) and I lose, my rank gets deducted by 20 points. Why?", "Perfect game, but expiriencing game loading issue. Recently it started giving me error while opening the game that server response is taking too much time. Maybe it is because the server is down, cause I tried to load from 3 different data connections.", "You people cheated. Today The amount of 1400 has been deducted from my account but the Holiday offer pack not delivered by Nekki to me. even my network connection was active and fast, app was running good. Refund the amount Nekki or deliver offer pack immediately.", "Good game and in general, but this AI is ridiculous, as like, all of my attacks are blocked by opponents, while when I try to do likewise, the opponent comes in and throws me every time. + Base duel matchmaking on power level, not the amount of trophies, cuz right now the matchmaking is unfair.", "Game is so incredibly unbalanced and unfair its laughable. The AI is almost impossible to beat sometimes, pulling off frame perfect moves, never letting down their guard so all of your attacks just bounce off, chaining grab attacks into even more grab attacks when i cant even do it once. Also the ga...Full Review", "Typical pay to win game. CPU is impossible and that force you to pay-buy new better equipment. Boss on the end of level 5 it's impossible and you need to buy something or to play side events 25 days to get some upgrades. You have 4 options: 1. Buy something 2. Play to defeat \"impossible\" level with ...Full Review", "wonderful game absolutely brilliant graphics love the fighting styles love the weapons is it possible there could be shadow fight 4 ?? One thing I would like to see is maybe a friends list aka private fights with friends really good fun. and 4 Those who are saying it's pay to win paying is an option...Full Review", "After the recent update the game always asks for update every single day. Again controls are buggy and stop working all of a sudden. Also the duels are highly mismatched. Almost everytime I get an opponent of power around 700 to 900 more than me. How am i expected to defeat him. As many players prac...Full Review", "this is a piece of garbage. \ud83d\ude20this game is poor and a joke I just can't believe this junk... I really wasted my time I would never play this trash again thank God for the delete buttons", "I love the event you put in the game. But can u fix the AI reaction? they all have high speed reaction which make me frustrating. AI already difficult to fight because of their Uniqe move, and Uniqe move with high reaction speed... it counter everything. They always move at the same time I push butt...Full Review", "Decent for about an hour, then the \"AI\" gets loose and good luck winning against a script that knows your next move and also has priority stats. Pretty awful game Ive got to say. Music are graphics are nice though", "Amazing game just one question. Is there a max level you can get on equipment? It would be helpful if there was (For the people who need to 100% the game) but if there isnt then thats fine.", "actually its a great game! great graphics! but the only problem is the error in the loading screen it says \"server response takes longer than we expected\" i pressed retry so many times! but the error still appears! HOW CAN I DEAL WITH THIS!", "Most stupid rubbish game ever made in this world.... You shouldn't lets your kids play fists n asking him a comments... A bet you they will say a same thing...", "I prefer the setting and aesthetic of SF2, but the new equipment system while still a loot box system is better and more complex, story is exciting and interactive, matchups are fair and challenging. However it could be improved, i missed the system where after a few levels a challenger appears to f...Full Review", "so much potential.. yet this game has so many bugs. first the monetization is a real greedy one. this is tied to unfair ai \"skills\" in fights. They can block faster, attack you while you are mid combo hitting them. stuff like that are either bugs or plain cheating ways to get you to pay in order to ...Full Review", "I'm just re-visiting this game and I have NO idea why I ever deleted it. Absolutely great. One thing though, can you give the ability to equip stuff, but change the appearance to something we already own? For a long time I was stuck with the bedrock helmet which was my best one, but it looks terribl...Full Review", "Not fun yet frustrating, the bot has become more powerful and can also counter all of my move. Come on Dev tem you can make the machanics better than this. I believe everyone who play this game just want to relax don't made it frustrated like this.", "Really not happy with the game. It's crashing multiple times due to which my gaming experience is getting worse and worse and now its at that point when I wish I hadn't installed it. All the good graphics and game play are waste if it keeps crashing like this. If you guys really wanna make this game...Full Review", "I can't get my old account back even I logged in to google play games. I don't know why but please let me know. I have reached lvl 19 and have some good item. for now I should play from chapter 1 again and that is wasting my time. please fix for connecting to play games. Thanks", "Games a novelty or better yet junk! Physics are horrible, weapons go right threw opponent or dont even hit you but register, the so called shadow power is all flash and doesn't even work half the time. In the events game locks up or just closes. So unless you spending money you'll go nowhere in PvP....Full Review", "I love this game! the graphics and sound effects are great and the fighting controls smooth and responsive. HOWEVER, the game crashes continually. i have lost prizes and progress plus it's just annoying. if they can fix the crash issues I'd give it 5 stars.", "this is a 5 star game but it lags after 5or 6 minutes after starting the game when i press any tab on screen it loads after a lot of time plz plz clear the problem and it is in my brother's phone too and the same problem. thank u. i hope that you will look after it.", "The game is good but y'all failed at a lot of things. You don't have a tournament so you can work on leveling up. How are you you supposed to beat the game by only being able to level up with main quest missions. Dropped the ball. I expected more.", "The game its a very well made game graphics are thw best I ever seem in a mobile game. I like the game but I think the characters movements are to slow they should be able to move faster to get the full fighting experience kinda like MK. dont get me wromg I really recommend this game the developer j...Full Review", "Was hoping I'd keep playing and it would become fun. Nope! Still one of the worst games on play store. Enemies block every attack and spam grab you. Also slight delay when you attack giving the AI time to know what you are inputting and perfectly counter it every time. Enemy can just walk right to y...Full Review", "Make the game more optimized duels are imbalanced and please fix the server problem, I have full network connectivity but the game says no net or the restart is necessary. please fix this or I will not able to play this game edit: I wasn't playing this game for a long time, so when I decided to come...Full Review", "Duel system is terrible, constantly matched with much more powerful opponents and they were given all the advantages (higher shock and critical percentage, instant blocking, op attacks). The game is pretty grindy unless you pay with real money.", "Fun addictive game. great graphics. however, Azuma is OP. he constantly blocks, there is no way to counter 3 out of his 4 shadow attacks,he recovers too fast after critical or shadow attack , every third or fourth attack I receive I drop weapon and his damage is insane", "Too much bugs and adds 1. Customized controls gets change in every update (even in small updates) 2. Automaticaly changes in game music volume.. even if you turn off in game music sometimes it automatically turns up.. 3. Too much adds.. Company's policy is simple \"if you want extra rewards.. you'll ...Full Review", "Beautiful Nightmare. The game is well put together but it's monetized at every turn and takes MONTHS to get anywhere if you don't fork over money. I haven't progressed since Christmas and we're past Valentine's Day. Skill means little and useful gear drops are very rare. Fun to play until they put y...Full Review", "absolutely love the game. I'm not sure as to how long I have been playing it, but love it only thing I really hate is when the timer runs out the opponent wins. Regardless of how much health is there, or how many wins in general it just seems like you need to win all rounds. if anything needs to be ...Full Review", "its good at first but as you get to 1000 power you cant get cards to level up, main mission is set at insane and side quest is at hard. im lvl 4 and cant level up as i can get any further. i have tried more than enough times. i take alot of damage and they barely lose health. probably going to unins...Full Review", "Great core gameplay but ruined by greed. Before long your progress grinds to a halt unless you pay real money for better equipment. Of course devs need to make money but other F2P games do this much better (ie less aggressively)", "its graphics are too good, and i control it very easily ,the game is just awesome.i am crush on this game. that is a incredible game. i am a big fan of this game, i also played shadow fight 2, and now i am playing shadow fight 3. And i think that no other game cannot compete this game.Thanks for ent...Full Review", "This is worest game i have ever played.. You guys are only money caring.. Like in this game nothing is like free.. Duel chest. Rare chest.. Both are worse drops. You can't find anything good in these chest. And then epic or legendary chests you need to pqy a lot of gems which f2p players can not aff...Full Review", "the game is fantastic..the only issues are with DUELS..if nekki still continues with the same pattern of duel fighting..than i am very sorry to say..ITS THE END OF SF3....ALAS!! BUT ITS TRUE..i somehow feel every player is not so perfect at all gameplay.why SF2 was more fun?is it that nekki wanta to...Full Review", "Great game. The new update is also great.play as much you liked it.i would love it more if neeki add some new fighting moves such as a backflip kick to dystenik some thing like that . for herdels the kick in shadow fight 2", "Game is pretty bad, nice graphics, solid fighting and pretty decent controls, but it tries too much for you to spend money on it;making AI in this game soooo very unbalanced(recovering from hits)and the worst of is the duels. Why would anyone make Duels matchmaking based on trophies instead of gear ...Full Review", "The difficulty curve of this game is a complete joke. lord have mercy on anyone that dares pick this up as a new player because you'll spend the first maybe 3 or 4 days absolutely getting your ass kicked no matter what you do. and every advance in chapter only makes it all worse. whereas your equipm...Full Review", "seriously this game is ridiculous ... this game gives me anxiety attacks because it seems as if they're going in slow motion. and maybe also add some blood/ gore. but other than i believe this game has potential. thank you for the fun/stressful game.", "Although the game has one of the best combat systems and story lines for mobile gaming. The way the game deprives you of items/power just to make you purchase something is pathetic. Completely ruins the game and makes you feel like you're wasting your time, boring yourself with duel matches after du...Full Review", "The game is amazing except flr one thing, booster packs. We are supposed to get a free pack every 1.5 days or so. Except when i click on the pack, the screen goes blank and i dont get the pack. When i refresh, the pack is gone and i have to wait another 1.5 day for the free pack. This has been happe...Full Review", "your updates only causes the game more damage...slow loading process, game crashes every minute, i can't even play for 5 minutes. you guys are making the game look worse with your updates. better fix this", "It's a good game, except the controls are irritating as hell. Sometimes hitboxes don't even trigger even when they should. Controls are really irritating, I lost count on how msny times I lost rounds because of the controls. Introduce a new control layout, give us something else other than a joystic...Full Review", "very difficult. the enemies ramp up in damage quickly and the ai is too intelligent. they know the perfect counter to all my attacks and if i try and block theirs i get slammed 5 times in a row. im a big fan of shadow fight 2 but this game lags alot and is unbeatable without spending money.", "Hilariously, this game is actually getting worse. STILL impossible to continue story mode, STILL takes a ridiculous amount of time to upgrade your weapons and now, you can be matched to an opponent who has 1000 more ability points than you. Fantastic effort all round!", "this was my favourite game of all time until the latest update has been published. All the AIs are way too smart and they can even predict your moves which make us impossible to win especially when we are playing as \"story's characters\". On top of that the opponent's damage is also greater than play...Full Review", "The throw mechanic is nothing but terrible. It happens randomly and has terrible input lag. What happened to regular ladders? Matchmaking on duels is terrible and only uses trophy count to determine opponents", "When i'm fighting in duels, It gives me such hard people to fight. I'm 12,589 power at the moment, and it gives me people with power levels around 13,000 to 14,000 . They're really hard to fight. everytime i increase my power level its no use. i keep getting someone op then i get one shotted by a na...Full Review", "Welcome to the most pay to win game on the google play store. Thats right this game consists of people who either grind more than 2 days for one item or just buy it. If you like games that have terrible ranking systems, this is the game for you. It's tragic bc i was really enjoying myself at the beg...Full Review", "When I found this game i was so impressed on all levels with the quality. now I am at a later stage it has gone insanely difficult like we are playing a robot and the only way forward is to pay to play. Dissapointing as the game is cool otherwise but now has just got greedy with the purchase to play...Full Review", "treats me like a 3year old, why isn't there a skip tutorial option? Also I don't care about the story, its not gonna be as good as shadow fight 2's so why wont they let me skip it? Here's my 5star review you asked me so much for", "This game is good, I love the graphics, minimal ads but the controls suck bad. I don't even press a direction to hit and suddenly Im doing a spinning kick. I hate it and it makes me hate the game so much. It is so constant that I couldn't even give the game a good rating. Fix this issue and I will r...Full Review", "Need to balance npcs when they get above \"normal\". They can spam attacks all day and not even give you a chance to recover.", "Whoa Whoa Whoa This Game... Is So Awesome. Just One Request From Me. Make It A Bit Like Mortal Kombat X, Okay. I Will Be Much Obliged If Do That \ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00", "\u2022Game's AI and moveset are unbalanced \u2022In-game shopping system based on loot crates \u2022Unreasonable leveling system encouraging in-app real money purchases. \u2022Boring story without no real characters or plot pacing Shadow Fight 2 is a lot better game except for the graphics and limited energy", "i love the game only problem is that i cant load up onto any fight it will only stop at some progress. i have a brand new Nokia for Christmas so it must be a bug please fix this before the event so i will be able to enjoy it and im sure i am not the only one facing this please fix this. thank you it...Full Review", "Started so well, was really enjoying this game until I reached level 4. Main missions went from being relatively easy to impossible instantly. Cannot level up without completing main mission and cannot complete mission without leveling up first. Impossible to play without paying for better equipment...Full Review", "Fantastic game truly wonderful. Excellent graphics and gameplay\ud83d\ude00.Only sad thing is that when I stopped playing for a month and deleted the game and now I try to play it...It won't load it's constantly restarting on the loading screen if you can fix this I would really appreciate it", "I've been started playing this game since it was launched in Beta Nov'17. It was way amazing and magnificent game. Slowly as the chapter increased from 1, 2 then 3 till here the game was more of skills and pure fighting experience. Due to public demand Nekki change the AI in chapter 4 (ppl call them...Full Review", "why can't we make our own equipment to upgrade or at least the character. It would be better in the third demention . needs a block button people don't just block without effort and It would require a little more strategy. the more difficult enemies should fight better not kill you in three hits, an...Full Review", "This is just a query here can I restart a new game for my phone? Edit: actually I change my mind, I hate this game because everytime these computer generated characters kept on blocking my attacks. Whats the point that I have to purchase \"real\" money to power up my weapons and armory. This whole gam...Full Review", "This game keeps going off in the middle of a progress. For instance when one is in the 2nd round of a duel fight, it goes off suddenly and that reduces the score level of one's progress. on other occasions it just goes off after two rounds are completed only for you to launch again just to discover ...Full Review", "incase the devs care imma report a balancing issue and bug with the itu boss. he can block while attacking and he shouldn't have an uninterruptible healing ability along with high damage and they ability to swing his weapons faster than any other weapon in the game. Also the game feels pay to win (u...Full Review", "I downloaded it when it first came out but when I changed my phone I lost almost all my progress and got back to level 2 whereas I finished chapter 3. Logging into play games also didn't restore my progress. I also paid to buy a legendary pack please help", "Nekki, i am true fan of shadoe fight 2 and 3. When i completed shadow fight 2 I thought that there will be no more shadow fight games But then you released shadowfight 3. THANK U But i have a request about the shadow fight 3 game plz fulfill it 1.Make Iron Tornado Used by jailman as an epic move of ...Full Review", "Good graphics but the area where you're supposed to be head hits only? The enemy can still hurt you even though it's not a head hit.", "Honestly i think it's a great game Good Graphics good quality. Reason why didn't give it 5 star is it is abit buggy it freezes sometimes so please do something about it But so far i honestly think it's decent \ud83d\udc4c I never really find these types of fun type games so credit to the People who made the g...Full Review", "Personal favorite close combat fighting game. the battle is very balanced between heavy medium and light weapons. Then balanced over the 3 disciplines. The block feature is easy to use yet hard to master. I have had no problems with in app purchases. highly recommended.", "The game has a great potential. Graphics are superb, control is good. however, the game play is getting worse. The opponent's moves in the duel are getting more difficult to beat, even if the opponent's rating is much lower. I consider this unfair, as almost all of my fighter's blows are perfectly d...Full Review", "if u want to hate yourself, rage and waste 1.2 gigabytes of space this is the perfect waste of time for you. this game is unfair and its all bots. i mean wjy would you make it an online game that only has overpowered bots that change their level of difficulty during the fight.", "The game is very pretty , but very much a pay to win. AI plays as if in cheat mode. it is very unfair and ruins the fun that could be had. Easy to get jammed up unless willing to buy packs or ingame coin.", "Garbage. The game used to be fun, then some months ago they updated it to where the AI blocks literally every attack you do. Wouldn't bother playing unless you have patience.", "Could be a great game. But the greedy developers made it almost unplayable. The only way to get better equipment is with chests which take 3 hours to open and you don't get anything useful out of them. The good booster packs cost around 30\u20ac each. And I am at the point I can't use better equipment, b...Full Review", "Game is good, the only problem is the massive shift towards monetization and broken mechanics abuse. Players have no choice but to spend money or wait hours just for a random pack of mediocre cards. Also, Nekki needs to improve the settings and controls. Like, why do i need to go in game just to cha...Full Review", "i like this game very much but one problem only this game update very fast but this game is amazing graphic i come on chapter 3 first boss NEKKI plz. reply to me tell my answer. give one chest daily only sf3 require one thing thing is when search a duel and win not give chest but before update no ge...Full Review", "The game is great but I have some problems last time. The game still keep freezing and stoped working many times on my LG Q6 . I don't know why I have low settings. I was able to play it normally on my older device with 1GB RAM, please do something, I love this game.", "the duel system doesnt work. my equipment level is 6045 and I've spent at least $50 on the game. and its annoying to spend that kind of money on a free game than get matched up to a bot(not even a real person) and have them have an equipment level of 7000. it's super unfair. People say your game is ...Full Review", "I have strong net connection but still it says server didn't respond.. too bad.. when this problem will be fixed.... Rating 1 star again for this problem", "Once you get to a certain point you can't upgrade anything because the side quests and the main quest become \"insane\" so you can't move forward unless you buy the add-ons. Completely trash. Fun at first but then complete trash.", "The game is v good but it's menu option is worst, even it is setting also very confusing. Ones it gives free game in a world and when you done two three steps it want 100 gems for free mode, this is cheating.", "my phone is always lagging every time I play your game. aside from that how can you defeat the insane difficulty and the impossible difficulty? your always tells us to buy your stuff. how can we sure that its very effective against enemy? fix it as soon as as you can. im thinking of uninstalling it", "Better upgrade over sf2...... The only downside is the duel and chapter side..... The way to earn money for buying weapons in sf2 was much better..... The magic control is a real upgrade...... Also some of the attacks to the game bot seems to be deflected on purpose so that the levels may not be cro...Full Review", "love the game but the reason I gave two stars is that the duel multiplayer is fake, you fight AI not real time players. Spent all this time thinking it was real players but found out its not. Very disappointed.", "I don't know if everyone on the last 2 games got fired or what, bc this is not shadow fight. what happened to the calculating fights you that kept you on your toes? now it's just spam attacks until you win, and that is no fun. also is it just me or does this game feel like a massive step down from t...Full Review", "I think the duel matching is a bit horrible but honestly, it's all business strategy to urge players to make constant purchases for upgrades so I'm not even gonna stress. However, it's a quite challenging n interactive game. It's okay!", "I enjoyed shadow fight 2 amd believe this game is also very enjoyable although the loading is a little slow it is understandable for the game does have a lot of stuff to load in because of the increased graphics. And i do have to ask, what do you use coins for? Otherwise, i do recommend this game to...Full Review", "Now what? Bot attack with no delay. But player attack with delay about 1 second n bot wait u to attack. Then if us not attack, bot will grab u to ground then attack with no possible chance to attack. Hey nekki, let make it's worst more than ever.", "This game is so bad. Way worse than shadow fight 2. The fact that you expext us to believe your new update description says \" Tutorial and character leveling are now more friendly and reasonable.\" is just funny. It literally takes 3 weeks just to level up. I MEAN SIDE QUESTS DO NOTHING, JUST A WASTE...Full Review", "the game does terrible and I mean TERRIBLE on controls. sometimes I try to do a down attack and my character rolls forward no matter how accurate I am with the controls, the matchmaking is also terrible because I have around a total gear stat of 500 and have to fight someone who has a total gear sta...Full Review", "i feel there is always somewhat a buff in damage of the NPC when you fight events and stuffs. The damage between you and the NPC seems reasonable in the first fight. But after the first fight, the NPC can deal more damage than you for some unknown reasons (fight without conditions). Sometime it can ...Full Review", "ai too fast can read ur move. waiting for u to atk him then he counter attack. ai have 98% auto block . face to face vs ai almost imposible to win", "This game is SH**! Number 1: the A.I. opponents are IMPOSSIBLE to beat. They have NO cooldown for their attacks, it's IMPOSSIBLE to get close quarters or hell, even long rang quarters combat to work. Their attacks do WAY to much damage & they get WAY TOO MANY CRITICAL ATTACKS IN! Number 2: Because o...Full Review", "1st we need an internet connection. 2nd we need a faster internet connection. otherwise server connection error. 3rd its lagging like hell which I never experienced before.", "better than before but its have a problem that when i select some options i can't reach to that option. i have to select this option 2,3 times then happens . sometimes it accidentally deleted my reward also. pls take some action about this problem", "Crashed over 30 times in one week. Shame since its not a bad game. Game played is not as quick as it should be so you find you stand still for that split second while the opponent combos the hell out of you. Very frustrating.Game play is designed to let you win or beat you at will so nothing to do w...Full Review", "some enemies are nearly impossible because your opponants have predictive attacks that take priority over yours, or at least it seems that way. Gameplay is diverse enough to make it playable. For a \"free\" game, i recommend you try it.", "Duels matchmaking is unbalanced. Main quest and side quest becomes impossible to win at the start of Chapter 2, making me grind duels for a chance to get better gear from reward chest. Dislike the fact that you can only earn some exp for levelling, IF you win a match from main quest, which can be di...Full Review", "Endless tutorials - and no way to turn em off, makes you want to keep tapping the screen. I purchased starter pack and gems, excited to try it, but then a lady popped up with side quests and as I've been tapping the screen like a manic said okay please gimme even more tutorials. Which ended my game ...Full Review", "I was having a lot of fun playing this game, but after a few of the initial fights, my game will not stop crashing. I now can not do a single battle without the game crashing.", "game have good graphics and control but have a server issue found on stage 3 i have high speed internet but it shows me seem on my internet every thing working fine except this game. please fix this issue", "the game was awesome, the movements are a+, but man oh man the ai are so hard its like they know what youre going to do next. and i cant even play the chapter and the side quest because theyre all insane it seems like this is a pay to win game hmmm.", "I love this game but i have lost all my progress when i reinstalled this game and used my email to link. Previously i was in level 8 and now i had to play again from level 1. I made some purchases before of 25$. I lost all my gems. I emailed the nikki group but there was no response. Please try to r...Full Review", "It's all flash and no substance I loved the graphics and the super cool \nmoves but I feel like the A.I is made to just counter every one of your \nactions. The duels are also very unfair. Even when you beat very tough \nopponents there is always a very high chance to get a common chest. This \nmakes ge...Full Review", "love the game its very addicting. thing that makes me mad is it screws me out of the free pack of cards u get every day almost every day and it lags some but it is a awesome game .yall need to do something about the cards and stuff .. that's not cool", "Its not a free game, at the certain point on the chapter 2 the difficulty drastically changes into insane and you will stuck there forever. You have to buy sets of better equipment with real money to continue to progress. This is where i stop playing this game, I believe if I buy the a better equipm...Full Review", "Becomes very hard very fast. I just started chapter 2 and I can't even beat the first guy. I've been grinding for hours trying to get better equipment but I'm still not even close. He has more HP and deals way more damage than me. It seems impossible to progress without paying money. On a side note,...Full Review", "what kind of game not letting player to create new account or restart the campaign? delete the app very uselesss. if i can give minus rating, i'll do that.", "this game does not really taken any great strives to become more player friendly. instead its geared ti whom spends more money. which the conversions of what you pay for doesn't make help your character develop unless your spending a lot of money. in which the average player wont spend. as a company...Full Review", "I am plaing this game since it was not launched in playstore in India. this game is awesome than sf2. I would compliment you to make the sf4 and make it like pubg you can keep weapons instead of guns in that game. Thanks", "So nothing we can do after completing chapter VI, We have to wait for 5 hours for each side quests, duel always gets 1000 points above us. Improving equipment is hard af", "Mobile games exist to allow us to entertain ourselves during times where we would otherwise be bored. I.e. when we're o on a bus, or waiting in a building somewhere. I.e. WHEN THERE LIKELY WON'T BE WIFI!! Yet this game requires an internet connection all the time! Constantly downloading useless data...Full Review", "Fix your game pls. Get matchmade with cpu that kill me in three hits. Also they now block whatver is thrown at them no matter what. Game quality has gone down since last played.", "changing my rating to 1. You bastards sure know how to ruin a good game. I used to love playing this game but now am mad every time playing it, cursing and punching the walls n staff...it should be fun and relaxing but instead its the opposite. Your recent update made the game unreasonably hard, lik...Full Review", "basically unplayable after some point.. you are not strong enough to beat opponents so that you get items and you can't get items unless you beat opponents so you're pretty much stuck unless of course you pay some money.. classic\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c A pity because if it wasn't for that, I would give it a 5 star cau...Full Review", "I am unable to connect to my Google Play account in order to restore my old SF3 account data to my phone. Whenever I try to reconnect through the settings if the app, my screen just goes white and then resumes. This keeps repeating whenever I keep trying.", "great game until you get nothing but insane levels which happens way to quick and you can't move on unless you click the ad to buy chests. there's no way around it unless you wait for a free ones. liked it until it became stagnant. uninstall", "Nekki duels are so annoying. why am i seeing opponents way much stronger than me. i have like 8k power and i have to fight 11k power opponents. This is so uncool.", "Gets real hard, real fast. I understand the concept of buying gems to improve stats, but not on the first chapter of the game. I have been farming items for 3 days, Just to get past Sarge", "If there was possibility to chose no star it would be nice because that's kind of game can drive you crazy. They are killing your happiness with hard levels. Games should relax you empty your head, not making you sick..", "Its A good game But, every time new chapter end we need to wait about 2 month to get the new chapter?? Thats Awful..So I want to see the new chapter release time reduced (including chapter 7)", "This is the best game ever I played. I like the game too much but one problem is the biggest problem of this game that the game is suddenly stopped I don't like this . NEKKI please fix this PROBLEM", "shabby controls. Your guy never does what you want him to do. Grabbijg the other person is extremely difficult, while the computer easily does it. Also, please remove the slow motion effect before the final blow, it makes you lose control. Controls are irresponsive"], "Casino Slots - Slot Machines": ["I have only just been playing this game for 2mins", "lots of fun and a lot of excitement", "i also love and enjoy playing this new slot game i found", "greatgames", "good", "TOO MANY ADS!!!!AT EVERY SINGLE WIN!!!!", "nice and need attention", "Nice game", "\u0623\u0648\u0643\u064a", "good game", "Love it", "Cool", "good", "Thx!", "Nice", "Nice", "Why are there so many apps popping up? It's very annoying", "Ages to load then crash for no reason. Will be uninstalling.", "I need help on getting a refund my son has just bought the premium package for \u00a349.99", "Add r covering game  u suck", "What i say....u know isnt nice;)", "It's a good game .. just too many apps popup", "Really good to know that the one that was the best of all the best thing ever", "Very good slot. Thanks!", "Funy game from time to time I enjoy it", "Sooooo much fun..... can't put it down!", "Break hip twos this game", "Just started playing it's ok so far", "Too much advertisments during hhe game", "I really enjoy this game thanks", "Good game to pass the time away", "It's great loved it", "Its a wonderful, exciting game...\ud83d\ude0a", "Nice game for passing  away time", "Its alright, check it out!", "GREAT it's very good!! :-) you can win 9,9999999999999998 dollar's", "The best of the best!", "Very nice game", "Nice game!Good job guys!", "You win to often which is not reality", "I am spinning the wheel!:-D", "Very interest ing", "Why is not working ? Takes to long to loading....", "Great fun", "Very nice.", "Bonus round rare", "Mens veloor net", "to much vids", "Nice game", "Brilliant game.", "8this old", "Nice game!", "It's ite", "Looks fun enough", "This game is awesome I like it", "I like it", "Danke schon", "Tare jocu", "Awesome game", "\u062e\u0648\u0628\u0647", "II enjoyed all the games", "Its good", "Nice game", "best game.ever", "Great slot game \ud83d\ude0a", "Great game!", "Wow", "Graeat", "\u041c\u043c\u0445\u0430\u0439\u043b\u043e", "Great game to play", "Awesome game app", "Pays well relaxing", "It fun anyway", "amazing game & recommend it", "Yes", "GS", "Ok", "Gut", "Good game \u2764", "It's good", "Love it", "Hate it", "Fun to play", "The best", "Like love", "best app", "Nice game", "Hours of fun", "Play is good", "Love this game", "Enjoy to play", "Good game", "Pretty good", "excelent game", "\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4d", "Cool", "Love it", "Fun", "Great", "Excellent", "Great", "awesome", "Kool", "Great", "Love it", "Amazing", "Nice", "Nice", "Love it", "Nice", "Great", "Awesome", "Nice and etc................................................ ......", "This is such a fun game. Awesome bonuses and love the bonus wheel. You wont go broke in ten spins like most other slots good job guys keep it up", "Too many annoying ads can't enjoy the games", "Over all it's a fun game to play, but i would like to see a bigger pay out", "I really like this game. I just started it today, so I'll let you know.", "Nice still getting used to it but gives you the feeling of how slots should really be like", "Too many interruptions not enough playoff", "A 30 seconds ad appear every 15 seconds, spent most of the time watching ads", "Must be interesting..but not yet seen the pay out button", "Love it so far. Just started. Loo o grrr r", "Great and fun game! You will have hours of fun!!", "So far is k I, was having a little fun playing this", "Oll 2 min shows anaders games", "nice gane bat amount can be little lower.", "Keeps on stopping and starts over ever level", "I love this game it is a lot of fun", "Nice games but too many ad's.", "Took much ad's between play", "IS good game", "Im really liked it", "I like the game.", "Very very bad", "Best game ever", "to many ads..really suck..", "To many adds", "So many ads", "its to many ads", "Very good", "Good time pass", "Cool game", "Super games", "Good luck", "Vlad", "Goodd", "Really fun", "OK", "Ok", "\ud83d\udc4c it was fun", "guyskeepitup", "OK", "Cele", "Love it the way it is  H", "Good", "Excellent", "great", "Great", "cool", "Superb", "Nice", "Great", "Far too many ads!!! It's annoying.", "Store page shows that this game has achievements - but they are not working", "Best gaminator", "Nice game", "ok", "Good", "Love it", "I am enjoying the game very much.", "Victoria Lynn Sillonis Boyd", "To many adds", "Very nice game", "Time", "Ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb", "Cool Games", "Its cool", "Leeds", "Awesome", "tare", "Ok", "LOVE PLAYING OFFLINE!!!!!!", "Miss", "Nice game.", "Great game", "Good", "Awesome", "Too many ads and after each win you have to chose to double or take your winnings. That's just too much for any game.", "I love this games", "It is ok", "Slot Machine isn't working. It won't even download.", "Absolutely  awesome game and very addictive!!!", "Easy stress reliever", "Good good", "Loveeee", "Rate", "Can't see the score to know how you are doing coz of the stupid are.", "Wheeee!    Yaaaay!     Fantastic games!    I love it.     Smile, \u263a \ud83d\ude0a \ud83d\ude00", "Good game just wish the stupid ad's weren't in the way.", "E multa distractiu pe acest joc"], "Ludo Championship": ["good one! Have played only one game! The app seems to be good! Can download to kill boredom!", "it's very bad game I hate it", "its really good it makes me time pass vary vary grate", "i like the game but i dont play offline i play online plz play online", "yes, i like it", "Its a nice game..", "very nice game", "great mast h boss", "nothing", "Fun to play with the team. Fun", "Great fun", "igloo on", "bbb", "ssss", "very", "nice", "this app is amazing ....", "not bad", "nice game", "amazing", "nice", "great", "good", "good", "Nice", "nice", "enjoyable", "awesome", "It's Just Perfect Game for Gr8 Time Pass when U R Bored..!!! So Just KeepOn Playing & I'm Sure U'll LOVE It Too.....", "very bad bakwas...tumhare game k chakar me phone ka glass tutt gaya", "very bad app, so boring, don't waste your mb", "like the game. havent quite figured out while sometimes you land on someone you bounce them back to their home. Other times you dont.", "it's osm\ud83d\ude09 omg\ud83d\ude33 I really enjoyed this app\ud83d\ude0d thanks to provide it app \ud83d\ude18 love you \ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0c", "really good, specially the jumping which makes the counting easier like in real-time", "it was natural n felt like i had a real life opponent", "This game is very bad and boring", "This is good game are you bored so you play this game", "it is the good game and there are not much adds . i like this game very much", "very boring and usles game,", "Not bad but also not very exciting.", "this game is very amazing thank you to launch this amazing game", "bkwassssssss\u00dfddddddddssssssss ek dm bkwasssssssssssssdddd mt kro download yeh bkwassssssssssssssss", "Good app for all people...enjoy the app Dwonload now", "very cool and best app dear users 100 % enjoy\u263a\u263a\u263a", "6a\u0b95\u0bcd\u0bb7\u0bcd\u0b9f\u0bcd \u0bb8\u0bcd\u0bb2\u0bcd\u0b95\u0bcd5\u0bb5\u0bcd 4\u0b95", "nice but not good as ludo king", "i have liked it,very superb", "very nice i like this game", "I am a good player of ludo game", "the game was kinda long but it was fun!!!\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00", "I like te game very much", "awesome game remind my childhood", "xxyxncxvz very best vcnlgv fbf\u0936\u0935\u0936 \u0935\u0928 \u0964\u0927\u0930 \u00a39=~\u0967\u096e|\u200d\u25a0\u25cb\u02bc\u25cf\u25a0\u200d\u25a0\u0950 \u00a4\u0950\u02bc\u25a1\u093d\u0950\u25a0\u262a\u0950\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u0950\u02bc\u0950\u02bc\u25a0\u25a1\u0950\u00a4\u200d\u0950\u25a0\u00a4\u02bc\u25a1\u25a0\u25a1\u25a0\u25cf\u25a1<|\u25cf\u25cf\u25cf\u25cf\u00a4\u0950\u25a1\u5350\u25a0 \u25a1\u25a1[\u00a4\u25a1\u25a0\u0950\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0{\u02bc\u02bc\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0>>>\u25a1\u25a1\u25a1<{\u00b0 \u00b0 \u2022 \u2022\u262a\u2022\u5350\u2022\u0950\u2022\u0950\u2022\u093d~>\u25cf\u25a0~<\u25cb\u25a0~\u02bc\u271d\u2022\u093d\u2022\u093d~{\\{\\\u25cb\u25a0\u25cb\u5350\u02bc~~\u02bc\u2022\u02bc\\\u02bc\u093d\u2022\u25a0\u2022\u02bc\u200c\u00b0\u262a\u2022\u25a0\u200c\u0950\u25a0~\u0950\u2022\u25cb{\u25cb{~\u096c\u25cb\u096f\\\u096f\u25a0\\\u0966\\\u096d\u25cb\u262a\u25cb\u093d\u02bc\u00b0", "love you too rk", "l do enjoy the game", "oh mygod\u0925\u093f\u0938 \u0935\u093e\u0938\u094d \u0938\u094b\u090a intresting", "low mb in to it's good game", "the game is very interesting, it keep person busy when is possible.", "ludo is for time pass and enjoy your free moment with ludo championship\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\u263a\ufe0f\u263a\ufe0f\u263a\ufe0f\u263a\ufe0f\u263a\ufe0f", "superb game with Auto function", "no doubt good game with less mb", "time ki aisi taisi", "bad working game", "fine game with good graphics quality", "The game is 100percent good", "me dy vet deon", "worst game ever", "This game is very good", "Bahut accha game h", "good like to play it.", "b we will y", "it's not a game. it's animation is so bad.", "very good game", "Not so bad!!!!", "very good app", "I like this game", "I like this game", "the board is too small", "l like this game", "my experience of 2 year", "fantastic \ud83d\udc4d app", "Venu Gopi", "like this game", "its good game", "\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "it's awesome.", "it was a nice time paas", "it is good game i like this game", "I love this game", "sanjit kumar Jharkhnd", "the game is good and interesting", "noting haha", "DJ Munna", "Ludo Roma", "mushtaq khan", "please thanks", "thanks so much for", "boring app", "mast hai", "sunny loine", "nice app", "it's really good....... I'm very enjoyed.......", "ludochampion", "fudu game", "l win", "very nice", "i liked this game", "nice game", "good awesome", "shivam yadav", "it's entertaining", "of course I loved it", "i like this game so much\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\udc4c\ud83c\udffb\ud83d\udc4c\ud83c\udffb\ud83d\udc4c\ud83c\udffb\ud83d\udc4c\ud83c\udffb", "good game", "good 111", "Super", "yry intresting", "nice app", "\u0918\u0930", "lob it", "bad ludo", "very interesting", "super", "super", "mass", "not bad", "west", "iudo", "fin", "hg", "poor", "nice game", "Good Game", "ok", "so good game for me and its play easily....... \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\u261d", "nice one", "hhk", "jay", "godd", "awsom", "good experience", "good game", "\u091b\u093e\u0928", "gggg", "arshdeepChuhan", "super", "kul", "gud", "mast", "deepu.goud", "good", "horrible", "nice game", "rington", "nice games", "very nice", "top GM", "its best", "\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "good", "Excellent", "it is very good", "\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4d", "good", "lodo lodo", "nice", "tdy", "i like it", "\u0996\u09c1\u09b6\u09bf", "khatarnak", "wawoo", "good", "great game", "1234 1234", "nice", "lovely", "great", "good", "nice", "nice", "good ..............", "good", "good", "Good", "awesome", "good aap", "great", "BEST", "nice", "nice", "good", "good", "cool", "supurb", "good", "Nice", "good", "nice", "great", "good"], "Rise of Civilizations": ["I started playing this game about 4 months now and at start this game is great with fair opportunity for everyone. In 1 week after server starts there comes big whales who just spend so much and they dominate everything in that server. I tried spending some amount on it but it doesn't help at all ag...Full Review", "This game is as best as you're going to get with balance between the spenders and the players. For those who disagree should try playing Lords Mobile. Also, this game is fantastic. I'm waiting for a feature that allows you to delete your \"Characters\" or extra accounts on the same profile. I have too...Full Review", "I started playing this game just a few hours ago and everything is going amazing for the most part. Something that I think could make the game better is since there are 8 slots for officers, each of the titles you can give should be able to be given to 2 people each. 2 warlords, 2 envoys, you get my...Full Review", "Absolutely terrible customer support. I have tried to contact them via in game chat, email, Facebook, and this Google Play store review now regarding an issue that is very easy to fix. They have been completely unresponsive. I guess I haven't lined their pockets enough with in game purchases to warr...Full Review", "I love this game. The fact that it almost feels like an actual game instead of a mobile one is a huge plus. I have a couple of suggestions, though. The resource demands for later upgrades and later troop research needs to be nerfed considerably. The time that it takes to wait for things is okay, not...Full Review", "it is a great game. No need to play to win. You can play for free the whole time. But a caution it will be a grinding process. Which I like. Enjoy the freedom and beware of your neighbors. They can be quite unpleasant and times. All in all it is a solid game. Great tutorial and amazing graphics. Not...Full Review", "Just a Warrning this Company Made a Over 100$ Charge on My Account With Out My Permission. Then Refused to Refund the Money They'd Stolen, During Email Interactions they Went Radio Silent and Started Ignoring Emails. The Games Fun. But I Just Dont want anyone Else to Be Put In this Position... Use T...Full Review", "This game had the potential of becoming one of the best of its category. I started playing it from the beginning several months ago. Now, most of the events are basically created to take your money and all of the promises for more relevant events, like kvk or arc of osiris (once every ??) were empty...Full Review", "another game that tries to pretend to not be P2W but is 100% P2W. New servers every week but within 1 month, every single one gets dominated by the whales, so much so that in the end, it's not really any fun for the whales either. Don't plan on competing unless you like spending small fortunes on ga...Full Review", "one of the most pathetic support team u have, incompetent and useless team. 22.Feb.2019. am facing problem as unable to play the game bcoz of your intelligent verification. it always says either network time out or disappear without any prompt. no assistance being provided thru chat option. please r...Full Review", "The game is pure pay to win. I've spent in the past weeks a lot of time, I have even started on a new server with everyone else. If you don't put money in it, you are nothing. You play same time with other but their power is 10x-20x more than you if you don't pay. It is ridiculous.", "time to uninstall. they want you to spend more by introducing new commanders that will make useless the existing ones you already have. they copied alliance battle fields from another game, shameful. They have just nerfed chances of getting golden scruptures from golden keys and runes are so bad now...Full Review", "I've played this game for 7 months, nice gameplay, but its p2w game. Developer forgot about old server, they only want income from new server. k1-16 is dying, where all players keep quiting 1 by 1 because of boredom. There are no new event, expedition legendary sculpt will never open and we waited f...Full Review", "game keeps closing randomly after last update. otherwise its an awesome game.. it would be cool if the game developers added these features: higher level barbarians like 26+, make it so you can search for barbarian forts and a make Viking civilization. since there is Byzantine and Viking were there ...Full Review", "quite a nice game. addictive and adventurous. there are still changes to be made in order to improve it though.. build times are not pleasant at all after a certain threshold. that added to a few minor details are the game's negative features. apart from that , i am looking forward to seeing this ga...Full Review", "Great game, awesome graphics, good tutorial and fun to play. There are some bugs though... name changes to numbers in chat, sudden zoom to city causes few things to enlarge more than appropriate size and sounds disappears sometimes. Hard to find gems btw... its free to play!", "Please remove the \"Account Verification\" every 3 hours, its just annoying me. I think this is kind of \"AI learning\" or something like Google Captha, if you really doing this for Account Verification, just do it once or atleast every 1 week is enough i think. Its really annoy me that I must do your A...Full Review", "the worst customer service in gaming history. been playing this for over 110 days now & the once when I genuinely need help they dont respond. sent email got 0 reply. takes them 24hrs per reply on chat. what's the point having a customer service if you dont provide the damn service. I keep getting e...Full Review", "yea wa~y beter than all the other games like this and is also very different. I love it. Although you could make the time to research,build,etc. A bit shorter becouse it takes forever for things to finish \ud83d\ude01", "I have contacted support and still no reply. seriously guys. do your job. what's the point on calling yourself customer service when there isn't any. Game is good. But the errors are at large here. Missions are being executed perfectly but nothing in return. what is this. Rob you of 7000 gems and ca...Full Review", "Really fun and immersive game. You won't do as well as other players, or should I say progress as quickly as other players if you don't have some money to spend on it. People get involved in chat, alliance and global. I'm from WoW and it honestly feels like the closest thing I can get to a community...Full Review", "ny issue was resolved already. thanks but no thanks. this game will and definetly become boring after lost temple has been conquered. its a war game but the devs are so freaking slow in bringing in new contents to make game more interesting. dont waste ur time esp ur money in this game. and also ur ...Full Review", "i have been playing this game for quite a while now and the customer service is absolutely terrible. My alliance leader Tom Smarty asked for a refund when the ark of Osiris crashed and was then accused of refund abuse. This is complete bs and he has been a loyal player with almost constant purchases...Full Review", "I have played this game for 6 months. Made two accounts with 20 million power and reaching vip 14. I will share a few reasons why people should stay away from this game.. 1. After playing for 2 months and reaching the final objective, this game becomes farmville. 2. One mistake on your commander ski...Full Review", "This is one those games that allows you to build for a while then has these retarded death kill events these events ignore the walls you waste resources building. Allows your forces and resources to be completely emptied even though you build the stupid warehouse. I have figured out why though they ...Full Review", "from 5 to 1 star!!! this company has the worst customer service ever! they won't even help me with my issue. spent a lot of money and this is the kind of service I am getting? pathetic.. Edit: Still no response with customer service... This is getting so frustrating. Edit: 2 weeks now and no respons...Full Review", "At the initial stage the game was awesome and i really loved all its features. But lately this game has been lagging behind. The free rewards from golden chest sucks alot and it is no more golden chest anymore. I have wasted my golden keys in hoping to get unlock legendary and epic heroes and their ...Full Review", "well this was a nice game in early i played.. after the Lost temple ended.. almost all players leave the game's. developer you how long you will hold the KVK to be launched? and even Ark of osiris is not launched regularly.. you also not announced it when it will be open again.. you should put some ...Full Review", "Great game with cool mechanics and what not but the obvious unaddressed issue is the shameless paywall, in the late game if you don't p2w the lower f2p/ semi-p2w alliances get wiped or simply left in the dust. if there was strictly f2p kingdoms and leave some commanders exclusive to p2w kingdoms I t...Full Review", "Overall game is pretty decent but its a heavy p2w. They should fix it immediately because some of the kingdoms are very unbalanced. When you guys gonna open KvK? The game is getting boring already , as much as I want to spend more money on your game I just cant because it became really repetitive. I...Full Review", "Rise of Civilizations combines empire building with an MMORPG PvP & PvE twist. This mobile game is the NextGen real-time version of Sid Meier's Civilization that includes a multiplayer gaming experience. Each civilization has unique stats and a special unit such as the Samurai or Teutonic Knight. Yo...Full Review", "After a bug in the store cost me 1200 gems I submitted a issue, 5 days passed and the support team response was an automated message hoping the issue resolved itself. And after 5 more not a word. They didn't even read the complaint. They have zero respect for they're players.", "A game with potential. Ruined by big spenders. If you are new, people will have spent hundreds of $ (or got the same result by other means), before you have even figured out the game. A week or so in, all of a sudden all bases are being steamrolled by people of rediculous strength. Needs a way to re...Full Review", "Lost my game can't able to switch nor link is working latest update was a worst one. did all possibilities uninstall, reinstall can't able to get back my linked game. when tired to switch it is saying some error code and telling to try after some time.", "I see you have deleted my review. And your email your automated response shows that you care not for your player base. I will repeat my first review: I only downloaded your pathetic game to tell you to STOP using footage from OTHER games in your own advertisements. It is DECEIVING. THE ONLY PEOPLE Y...Full Review", "Great immersive game where you can sink your teeth in for 10 minutes or extended sessions. There is a lot to do and having alliances actually make the game more strategic than just throwing armies at enemies. There is a generous amount of action points and the game guides you well enough during the ...Full Review", "10000% pay to win game. Absulately NO CHANCE for free to play players if they involve in war. there is NO matchmaking system in war. developers should make balance among all players. game should be based on individual skills, NOT ON MONEY. but fantastic graphics,in game music and some exiting events...Full Review", "Complaint Not Dealt With. I have emailed twice now. I still cannot connect to the game server after 3 days. I have spent money on the game and gotten far. I do NOT have Facebook so therefor I cannot get in touch with the company that way. Not Happy Resolve ASAP", "Would have been five star but spent \u00a38.99 on a monthly pack and recieved nothing. Dont support this app they are stealing people money. I have email in receipt of order if no items are received within 24 hours i will be taking legal action sick or you app developers thinking you can steal from us.", "very fun game. I actually spent money on this game. does get expensive at higher levels, or just have to take your time and wait. suggestions: 1. colorblind mode, I am colorblind and the map is basically useless to me 2. rally events that suggest 12k tier 1 units shouldnt need an actual rally...seem...Full Review", "This game customer service is really bad and always double charge me. Dam this customer service using auto reply to my message never solve issur garbage company Dont play this company game anymore . Gonna report them for fruad", "really like the game play, and have spent a fair amount of money on this game however there is no customer service. have seen multiple people mistreated over refunds or not receiving rewards due to them. wont be spending any more money on this game.", "It's true - game is really hard p2w, but if u don't want to spend money, u don't need to do it. You can enjoy playing this game without spending. You will never be top in individual rank, events itp. But still this game can give u fun", "I made a purchase , the screen got stuck loading so I canceled it. I then made the same purchase and my account got charged twice. I contacted customer service but they have been ignoring me. I will change back to 5 star review once I get my refund.", "fun game but bugs are pain. like play on different devices chat will not update on other device. having it kill your battery and crashing all the time and mirco transection get big or game is very slow at higher level", "I'm done with this game... Customer service never listens and always answers my questions with an answer that doesn't relate to the topic plus they treat me like I'm cheating and scamming. Will be taking my money elsewhere. It was fun while it lasted. Thanks.", "I am having masive problems, i asked for a refund on some bundles i bought 2 hours b4 a new event in game. The event crashed so the event did not happen. Asked for refund was given and now been restricted in game as accused of refund abuse? For 10 days i have tried to talk with in game customer serv...Full Review", "great game. very addictive, spent hours constantly playing. but it's a pay to win game so if you dont have the cash I wouldn't bother. think they could split the kingdoms a lot more fair. there should be an option if you dont spend money to go to kingdom where ppl dont spend money. fair level playin...Full Review", "This game is all about you spending your money, bottom line. It's a matter of whoever spends the most real money, wins. It's a great game, but someone that spent a lot of money is gonna come along and bully you/smash your civilization and alliance. Making this not worth anyone's time and in no way w...Full Review", "i made a in game purchase that was never given ingame. but my card was charged. i have contacted customer support with no response. once this is resolved i will ajust my rating to 5 stars. edit: situation was resloved. thank you!", "complete p2w. can seem fun the first day or two because everything upgrades so fast but after thos couple of days everything grinds to a halt. to play this and have fun/ not get destroyed by spenders you have to pay 10-20 bucks a day. i played for a month and finally got so tired of it.", "After playing for months and spend a few buck on the game. I am very disappointed with the way they handling the issues on their side. Lacking of customer service and introducing the most horrible update for a game mobile. They cannot fixed the problems they had, make changes which people are totall...Full Review", "Need to balance the game for f2P...P2P guys should not get so much advantage that one person can take over whole Kingdom. Whole K (1176) is dead because of one 50mn guy and everyone else left the game because of him..Limit the purchase possible..", "Good game, but by the time you have enough member's in your alliance to build anything, there is no land left to actually buid anything. so your best off just joining one of the bigger alliances with all the territory. which really leaves the game pointless.", "A very well put together strategy game which does not force you to buy boosts from the cash shop almost right after the beginning if you don't want wait 10 hours for the most basic stuff. They nailed the waiting times perfectly in my opinion and I was very surprised to see progression inside every l...Full Review", "My favorite empire building game that I've played. always something to do even while building something that takes a while. build times are much less than other games I've played. My only complaint is that I wish you could rotate buildings so you have more options when customizing your city.", "This is a great social experience but not really a game. There are vast loopholes & poorly enforced multiple account limitations. The worst of which is the absolute control of alliances that leaders have. Notably to solely promote/demote officers and to dissolve an alliance entirely. Combining & exp...Full Review", "I have been playing civilization for a while now, and since the last update it logs me out before I can do the intelligence verification. which we all know is to often so can yoi fix this its been a day. have uninstalled the app and reinstalled it and it still won't let me log in the developers real...Full Review", "From 5 to 1 star. Hard game for free to play people. It became even harder after last update, is so hard to get anything good from gold keys since then. Looks like the gap between money players and free players will be increase much more after this update. last to mention, terrible customer service", "Exiting but at a price.. PTW always will be stronger no matter how you play. So stay low and grow. Little Advice~Newer servers most times at war while Older servers mostly relaxed. You wanna challenge yourself or go easy ^choice is yours^", "THIS PROBLEM IS NOT YET SOLVED. Game is great, but I need attention here. I accidentally bought a pack twice because first time it didn't seen to have worked (the items were not sent to me), and I ordered a refund in Google play. They gave me a refund but the RoC system took the items away from me a...Full Review", "So awesome, so addictive. But the game has one big flaw. I don't see any problem in the paying thing, but the chat is so awful, and for a game that chatting is so important at it, that's certainly too big a flaw. It crashes lots of times and any minir connection problems will kill it. Also as a sugg...Full Review", "Like this better than ltords mobile. Just started playing ....you have better sense of how a clan works..how we protect a fort or flag..also resource sharing is great..plus the wall don't break easily and doesn't take days to repair before another attack comes. The skill and talent tree is nice upda...Full Review", "for a big game, you'd think it would work right? wrong! this thing crashes, freezes, stutters, glitches, and worst of all... plain garbage. oh and forget about paying for stuff. it never arrives. just don't bother.", "I've played this from the beginning & really enjoyed it for the longest time. As many others have stated, the promised content has been neglected and the game has become farmville with events that are only beneficial if you choose to spend $1000's. My other major complaint is that cust. serv. doesn'...Full Review", "This game is awesome! I'm hooked. I've really had a great experience playing! A couple ideas to make it more fun: Add some roaming bosses or single large roaming monsters (like medusa, a yeti, cyclops, etc.), or/and add special rewards enemies. Also, I would love it if you were to make it so the sco...Full Review", "So sad to see a game this great get ruined by p2w. Three months of work in the game just to be steamrolled by someone who spends thousands of dollars on a game is not fun. If you value your money and time dont spend them here its pointless.", "Don't waste your time if you dont have money, or you can still playing it like a farming game, thats what I do. The game was great at first but gets boring during time. Im going to play it until I get bored of farming.", "Boring with a little enjoy 1. Not much differences between civilizations except the looks 2. Fight is boring and too simple with limited controls 3. only build two at same time and cannot be upgrade 4. It's a war game only if you spend a lot money, it's a farming game to the people who doesnt pay a ...Full Review", "the game overall is great. It's addictive since iv downloaded it I haven't stopped playing iv logged in daily played for hours at a time and iv met load of new friends. the only thing I'd say u could change is making it easier to get gems not like tons but the barbs drop 10 at random idk make it 20 ...Full Review", "Gioco carino alcune meccaniche anche pi\u00f9 intriganti del famigerato clash of clans! Tutta via con il tempo sarebbe un bel passo in avanti rendere i combattimenti un po' pi\u00f9 interattivi e coinvolgenti aggiungendo una qualche caratteristica stimolante", "Decent fun. Seems to be deep enough, but its a tedious process getting there. Biggest complaint is same as always with games like this... people that pay money win, people that dont just have to temper the rich troll storm as it blows through and r4pes everything... then game becomes fun again", "No real response to sexual harrasment issues. Multiple people have emailed service multiple times about a evil person in our kingdom. Blocking him doesn't stop him from emailing you, so all the girls receive nasty sexual explicit harassing emails. His profile photo is porn. No action or response fro...Full Review", "Used to love this game and tell all my friends about it but honestly this game is getting crazy. drop rate for legendary stars, sculptures and commanders absolutely horrible unless u shell out a boat load of money ur not rly going to get real far. I play all the time I work rly hard and I don't rly ...Full Review", "unbalanced, requires you to spend lots of money to be competitive. 100% pay to win. war is boring, limited controls. can't take over other city's, no ability to have multiple bases.", "hey lilith, so your big spenders are quitting one by one.. when are you gonna give us actual content? atleast make ark of orisis once a week to save us from boredom \ud83d\ude12\ud83d\ude12\ud83d\ude12", "Super detailed game, very well thoughtout. It starts to get price without you even realizing. Then once you start looking like you're growing, some doucebag comes along too big to defend against, and they beat you like a jailhouse beeotch! Games great, ppl R Aholes!", "right now, i am rating it 1 star, because my nations commander skills can't be maxed. You have to spend money to get them, and they only give you enough to max it, so if you accidently use one of sculptures to lvl another commander. Update: they finally stop people from using the sculptures, but the...Full Review", "after one player become over power because they have money to spend for power upgrade, they rule the game and no one dare to fight them. this game become very boring. we only do alot of farming. please create something new to prevent one player become over powered", "This is strictly a pay to play game. Otherwise you will be hopping from alliance to alliance running from the bullies in the game. The only strategy this game requires is spending money to grow as fast as you can so you can win by size. Want to get bigger? No chance if the bigger people/alliances ke...Full Review", "For some reason game does not log in - says connecting and stays on the screen until it says network unstable. even on wifi same problem!", "Seems to be a pay to win game. Why do lilith games just not respond to you issues? Because this game is still making many many$ regardless of your issues... I. E. They don't care.", "Did NOT recieve lvl 14 Pledge of Thorns speedups. I got robbed of 39 hours of speedups. I've contacted customer service still no response. Please fix this!", "not only did you ripoff Rise of Nations with your logo and name... you had the audacity to post fake Ads. this is not a point and click RTS with an over the shoulder view like Command and Conquer, warcraft or Rise of nations. it's just another generic MMO RTS. there's 60 of em on PlayStore and they ...Full Review", "the game is fun and very addicting but the customer service is terrible. The game crashes randomly and I lost an ingame purchase do to one of these crashes. It has been a week now and there still has been no reimbursement or compensation for the money I lost.", "Every time I open the game on my tablet it tells me my internet connection is unstable and won't let me play (despite my wifi being good enough to stream videos, make video calls etc). I contacted the team but no reply. Out of curiosity I used my mobile data and a hotspot from my phone to connect to...Full Review", "Poorly optimized game.. Repetitive, boring, played the game only for 3 days then I throw it away.. If done right this game he much more better!", "Damn good game, if only the build times get a little ridiculous when at a higher level. You make many friends here and get to team up to take rivals down. Keep going, doing good.", "i downloaded the game today, was very excited, turned it, on it loaded for a minute and just turns off. i repeated it for a while and the same thing happens every time. i was very sad and just uninstalled it. pls i really want to play this game. FIX IT!", "Do not make any in app purchases. This company will take your money and run. Customer service is non existent, I've seen first hand how they treat loyal paying customers. They lock accounts and do not communicate with people. You have been warned .....", "i payed alot of money to this game and now my server is dead many people got zeroed and left the game and only two big alliences are dominating the server which they are already in peace now, the game is getting boringark of osiris was so much fun and it was good idea but my suggestion is to do it a...Full Review", "Love the game but would like some functionallity/comfort updates added. The ability to switch between portrait mode and landscape (not just in the messenger). Some kind of desktop app would be amazing, being able to have the game right next to you while maybe doing something else. Would help alot wi...Full Review", "great game, more in-depth than other games I've seen.. by level 10 though it tapers off into spending if you dont want to sit around for half a day. it pushes spending more than other games in my own opinion as well. considering its depth though, maybe worth. By level 10 I've used nearly all of my b...Full Review", "faulty system. everyone has to wait 9 days to LITERALLY actually playing this game. new game, wait 9 days, then jump teleport. otherwise they can't compete with the other jumpers. it's a faulty teleport system", "Too similar to way too many games that have the same mechanics. Graphics are definitely better than many of the similar games, but nothing particularly unique. Update: kept seeing ads for this and thought I'd try again. Ads are *very* misleading.", "Honestly the game is fine. It is generous with the cash currency and allows f2p to get vip points easily. The main issue is the constant verification tests to detect bots. It feels like it pops up every 10 min and takes forever to load. Severely ruins the smooth gaming experience. Also, tutorial is ...Full Review", "This Game is so Great! But the bad thing here, if you're not spending a real cash here there's a big chance that you get bully or destroy by other player who spend real money on this game. One of the biggest reason why a lot of players stop playing this game after a couple of months because of the i...Full Review", "Game used to be fun, now all events are pay to win. Promised KvK hasn't come, new battleground came out for one game and has since disappeared for over a month now. I understand devs need to make money, but the devs are super greedy and lack any helpful or caring support. The golden goose is being s...Full Review", "Poor game balancing. Top players control who gets to develop a kingdom and who gets destroyed. Pay to win. Small, new players are fair game. Zeroing out is a common tactic to get you to quit. Could be a good game if there was a way to stop this practice.", "so far I'm doing well in the 1st day of this game, it's fun and it's multiplayer but I rated 4 stars because sometimes my game lags and logs me off. just try to fix it to get 5 stars. I hope this game remains as Free-to-play game", "the game is great, many possibilities and a great experience. But the support sucks! They dont care about request and questions at all, you just receive a message about how sorry they are and that you shall enjoy the game. Pretty sad that the potentials of this game get disturbed by miserable custom...Full Review", "With the promise of Kingdom vs Kingdom (KvK) being broken and Ark of Osiris (AoO) seemingly abandoned, what is the purpose of this game anymore outside of farming? The mightiest governor event is in actuality the mightiest credit card event. Real change, real progress needs to be done to this game. ...Full Review", "I loved this game for the first three weeks of playing it. Now, I don't so much. The more advanced a player gets, the more resources and time it takes to upgrade buildings and troops. It's boring to me now.", "all good, the only problem i have is i cant see that special free offer if i buy a certain amount of gems, i see it on the main screen but when i open the store i cant see how many gems i need to buy to get it nor what im getting if i reach that number. at this point i dont know should i even bother...Full Review", "even if we forget that u can pay to become a whale and beat everyone who's free to play or play only for fun (not 24/7) there's still a downside that I'd suggest the developers to change, even though it's unlikely: a lot of players abuse of being able el jump into the new kingdoms. they soend like a...Full Review", "this game is good and amazing! but there is one thing.... whenever someone attacked you! you should add a protection shield to the castle! not everytime the enemy will attack us! this game was really good but not actually fair for those who attacked us with high levels so please add a shield wheneve...Full Review", "The verification process you use keeps timing out on my tablet, can't progress after this happens. Shouldn't be this difficult to simply play a game for more than 10 or 15 minutes.", "it has a worthless packs to buy it's so expensive stuffs....it's an unlimited buying strategy....you can't win without $10,000 per month....don't play if you are a free to play players .....if you want to feast them you can play.... but they can and they will attack you .....don't play if you can't ...Full Review", "Very good place to meet friends and play daily. But family alliances are toxic. can you update terms and conditions to where family alliances arent allowed. allies are fine but 4 or 5 in a family kills the fun for free to play players.", "good game. but connectivity and support is trash.. it's been 2 days since i get \"unstable network\" error and i can't play at all.. and their support team doesn't reply either.. sad to find good games owned by bad companies", "It's very simple when it comes to gathering recources and biulding your empire along with training unlimited amount of soldiers... but it gets good when later on in the game you get to go into a war with your alliance and have in depth Battle Warefare! It's too good, check it out! - It's a bit pay t...Full Review", "The game is set up to be highly addictive for 60 days where they milk as much money out of you as possible. Further more customers service is non existent, if something malfunctions in the game costing you money you will have to go through your bank for a refund. I strongly suggest to pass lilith ga...Full Review", "If you are among these spending tiers for similar types for these games such as the Free-To-Play, Pay-To-Play, Pay-To-Win. You will find the 2nd tier aspect to be fairly absent in this game. As with most monetization options, the 3rd tier will be there but it will not effect your common player in th...Full Review", "its a good game but i feel like yall can do better with the groups yall have 5 white groups and not a equal amount with the other ones the aribic one count as asian and i dnt seen any groups from africa do u not like black groups??? the bigger guilds like to bully ppl and make the game unfun yall sh...Full Review", "this game is same as all other similar games, cant zoom while attacking, cant control troops, cant control travel direction, cant see enemy area in our own map- we need to exit from one map and open another map to find enemies (crazy like other games). i thought think game is like Age of empires (Mi...Full Review", "Make sure you do not make a purchase mistake. customer service will not help to get a refund of something you did not want in the first place.", "You wont even survive even if you pay $10000 .. there is always a guy who gonna kick you with his $10000000 .. its just pay 2 lose game ... nothing else ... shame on you developers .. learn from dota or lol developers .. they earn billions yet game is 100% f2p.. really shame on you", "P2W - its all about the $. The content gets old quick. They have yet to introduce anything new other than the Ark, which they've run 1 time. Action points prevent you from leveling your commanders. Like I said. its all about the money for these guys. Try a F2p only server and remove action point lim...Full Review", "i have been play this game for a month but now i can't login : \"fail login dan register\". can you help fix this problem???", "spent loads of money on my account and ended up accidentally losing it when getting a new phone. I tried talking to customer service to help me get my account back but have been totally ignored. I loved this game but am now frustrated and disappointed.", "No complaints. Never thought I'd enjoy it coming from inflation rpg, pubg, few space shooters etc.. Kinda like an idle grind game. Only downside is the pay to win aspect. You could throw like $30 at it and literally wipe out anyone who's playing for a month with ease. Not much fun for those can't bu...Full Review", "This game is awesome and fun to play. What I like most is that when you attack others; you can attack another without sending a new group out. Just keep using the same one.", "its addicting. i like hls you dont need to rely on ogher people to get things done. you can ask for help but its not the only factor for grgting things done. it's so much fun", "From 5 to 2 stars. First half of the game is quite exciting but after lost temple was taken, the boring part started. Everyday farming, events are no fun. This is why people are jumping from kingdom to kingdom. The game should be rename to Farms of Civilization", "Great game! I suggest you improve the battle animations. Alliance voting for officers, and R3 should have at least more priviledges such as they are able to invite other players. Also, please add all colors for flags, symbols, and maybe even letters with different font. That's all I want for you to ...Full Review", "The game is highly addictive you will spend many hrs of your life on this game that you will never get back, yes the customer service is very bleak and non understanding, if you receive a refund they block you from game as they assume your guilty of fraud. The kingdoms are becoming stale as alliance...Full Review", "Usually I hate these time based strategy & ally conquering games but the graphics well make up for it. It keeps me wanting to come back for more. There is a ton of things to do but it's a slow process to get to the top. Also their chat messaging system sets them apart from rest, the user interface i...Full Review", "Another pay-to-win game. The whole thing is run by a pyramid scheme (probably from the developers) that calls itself \"God_\" (ex: Godx, Godw, etc). Goes like this; if you or a small group decide to build a basic fort (which takes about 16hrs), one of these \"God_\" teams pops up next to you, and builds...Full Review", "SOMEONE ANSWER...apparently it likes to stop you chatting in KC and then customer service ignore you on the customer support, ignore you on the Facebook page, and do not explain. Wont be wasting more money. Thoroughly enjoyed it before then. Well done RoC, driven a player away it seems.", "Good concept, bad delivery. They are after money in this pay to play game. Every new piece of content is tailored to pay players not free to play. I'm from K16, so I've been here since the beginning.", "The gameplay is perfect. There's nothing I can complain about. The problem is the verifying I have to do every 10 minutes, it's super frustrating. Please remove that or improve it, so that I only have to verify when I get in the game only.", "The game is really fun. It has deep and complex mechanics to improve your city but at the same time it's simple to build stuff. Although, I wish there was an action queue to make the game construct things automatically.", "I did have this as a five star rating... but they have commanders you can't even access. Here I am playing Korea and I can not get a Korean commander. I was just about to spend money on this game too... but characters listed arw not available. Fix this and ill fix the review.", "i'd like to give 5 star but why does my game crash when im trying to log in? my phone has 4gb ram. pls respond and fix my problem. ill eill give 5 stars if u respond", "the game is fun, but there is some definite unfairness. just started playing and attacked by someone 20 lvls higher than I am. constantly raided and it's not fun anymore.", "The entire game is a cash grab. If you don't spend a ton of money, your progress in the game is very similar to watching grass grow. As for the governors that do spend a ton of money (whales) good luck having any chance competing agaisnt them, and the alliances that do have all the whales in their m...Full Review", "Fun! The graphics are colorful and the game runs great and smooth as butter. I'm receiving a lot of free stuff, so I haven't had a problem not spending money.", "nice they really gor closer to Sid Meier's civilization spirit.. as a feedback I think we should move constructions by clicking to an empty space instead only by sliding it..", "I think it's a great game, definitely among the best of its genre, but it's very slow, laggy, and crashes every 2_3 minutes on my device. Is there anything I can do to alleviate the problem? like take off graphics or something?", "Not recommended. The game is build around around 100 different worlds who doesnt connect. One world is dominated by a handful of \"Alliances\" most of which are based around players paying to increase their ranks (called spenders) or people who never closes the game . When you suffer a defeat (maybe t...Full Review", "Addicting, been playing it for way too long now. unfortunately became more of a pay to play game, which is sad because it used to be fun and much more playable even if people were spending money. now it's impossible to compete with them.", "1) This appears like a fair game but is actually a p2w game. Merging Valentine's event with MG is a sure shot way to force people to spend more gems and loose the events altogether. Also, keep your engagement expectation low, do you want all of us to not sleep and spend 24hrs playing this and ruin o...Full Review", "Game is done amazing in many aspects, but PAY TO PLAY is over the roof! With thousands spending thousands on every server. Its almost impossible to enjoy more than a month or two. JUST TO BE LOW MIDDLE CLASS PLAYER, you will need 100$ per month, and be active almost all day. And still no chance agai...Full Review", "Excellent game. with an emphasis on strategy and teamwork. manouver armies on the battle field to wipe out your opponents and grow your territory outwards. but beware those with a mighty wallet as they're the true enemy of the kingdom.", "Game has potential, but developers are awful. Announced changes never comes, and game is being turned into FarmVille.", "First of all, this is a good game, but it drains way too much time, and prepare to get smashed if you dont spend money. 100% p2w game. Customer support is incredibly bad as well.", "Im interested to see where this goes. Reasonably entertaining with only the faintest (or at least tolerablest) whiff of pay to play. Now to find an alliance that doesnt instantly kick me.", "Amazing game and super well done! The only issue I've had is lag, but my phone's not that great and I don't really care. Otherwise, great game!", "I just started this game a few days ago and i love it so far. Daily missions give you plenty of rewards, players are active, graphics are nice and I currently feel no pressure to pay actual money to play. There may be a paywall at higher levels but I'm not sure yet.", "this was a good game until they decided to have a king rule. now all this game has is fighting barbarians and farming. lame!", "awsome game.but always showing about this network timeout screen when ever try opening. please help me.. its annoying", "hello dev,this game is the best i ever played.. But for older server, it get quiet boring now.All you do is just farming, donating, training and speedup.. Why dont you dev bring the kvk as soon as posible or many people from old server will quit this game. I have played this game for 120 day though....Full Review", "Been a while since I've been this addicted to a game. Can't say enough about it. Very enjoyable! Edit 10/31 Game is pay to win plain and simple.", "Very fun game with lots of quests, upgrades, map to explore, and so much more. It has many customizable aspects and you can choose from a variety of Generals. The map is huge and has plenty to discover and loot everywhere. I hope they make a PC adaption of this game, because I love it and my phone i...Full Review", "Unable to play anymore. unstable network error on wifi 100mbps up and down. Others online games seem not having problem connecting.", "At first I was really happy about this game, now I hate everything regarding it. Useless Customer Service, the way it treats players is disgusting. Nothing to do, it's just a farmville. You offer nothing to combat that. Ark of Osiris? Really? No option to convert thousand of useless green and blue s...Full Review", "This is a pretty awesome mobile MMO! At first, I was skeptical because I have played similar games and didn't stick around, but this one is actually pretty simple to get used to. Its been 24 days since I started and I'm not bored yet! \ud83d\ude01\ud83d\udcaf", "good game to get into if u enjoy something that has a constant gameplay. its not boring u dont hve to wait too long for things to happen specially once u have joined an alliance \ud83d\ude0e", "My kingdom hit the same point a whole lot of other kingdoms also have hit- one guy paid a small fortune and he ruined the game for other people. He was able to zero out our guild leader and then guaranteed our leader had no chance to keep playing. The design is poor and now my friend can't play in t...Full Review", "Addicting, a lot of fun to play. But the need for a farm account to supplement your gatherers to purchase upgrades takes away from the game. The whole process is. dry confusing.", "First of all i was like this is like every moba game that is strategy but it was more than that i wish they added like to watch the battle happening and to make strategy when your about to battle them thats why its 4 stars on gameplay so lets go about controls are easy and its 5 stars from the begin...Full Review", "Easy to play and great time waster. Dont have to pay to win , just be smart. Alot more fun than the other games of its type out there", "Good game, but big problems. Custome service is inexistent, in shop game is a robbery, you will find that some players buy package at lower prices than you, so you have to spend more money than all other players! Lilith are thieves, dont waste your money with them.", "I've playing this game for 2 months now.. Every I done was useless because one ptw guy came and took everything I had.. Don't download this game unless u gonna use money on this game", "im strongly considering deleting this game.....multiple times a day it requires that i verify my profile even though ive binded my profile to my account, its so annoying!! FIX THE ISSUE", "I really like this game. You gotta do a lot of things all the time , in the mean time there are people attacking from everywhere. Great game if you are looking for amusement.", "everything good at first.. everybody was hyped for wars. but once lost temple taken. everything shuts down gets very boring.", "One of the best games I've ever played not seen any bugs or anything however many clans that say they are joinable I seem to be kicked out of. Don't know if iam just bad or there's really judgey people who are very specific on what they want in there clan", "been playing for a few days and im loving it. only thing id improve on is the scouts and scouting, its annoying how the scouts automatically come back and itd be nice if there was an option like your armys to have them sit and wait for a command", "This is a pay to win game. Who ever dumps the most cash gets stronger, kind of game. You don't have to buy anything to play but you end up at a serious disadvantage. For example, you grind as much as you can to get to 300k power and the other guy is at 8mil power. The game is fun and all at first bu...Full Review", "its a just another terrible clan game that micro transactions you to death..bland same thing. NOT A SID MEIRS CIV GAME. DONT BE FOOLED BY A BAD KNOCK OFF.", "It's a good game but the devs are greedy... It will now take at least a week to obtain the stars needed to level up legendary commanders. Very disappointing guys.", "I have spent money on this game, but not only is it a p2w game, it is pay LOTS to win. No matter how much you spend there will always be some person elsewhere who has the riches to destroy you in seconds.", "No spice in this game, once a month u get a battle ground to play after that only gathering .no fun at all in daily events, got bored of this gam within 5months..", "I didn't get my monthly supply depot the 650 gems. And the 2k gems When I tap again it said I purchased it already got my receipt in my Gmail... Please badly need that 2k gems", "interesting concept BUT beware of your purchases. i bought a lot pf pacts and many of them never made it. Google instant process payments but packs arent delivered quite right away like its supposed to be. Definetly the last game of these types im spending money on. Im waiting on Lilith games respon...Full Review", "I have been playing the game for months now, and im suprise of the lack of customer service and the abuse of power from the admins. My alliance leader made some purchase for a event \"ark of osiris\". But they fail to deliver the event due of a crash, ofcourse alot of people got upset and some asked f...Full Review", "I was hit by some guy at my city. Defended successfully. No damage to walls yey my city burning. I reload ROC and nothing is burning until I zoom in to city after world view.A new glitch/bug where city burns.", "one star. This game revolves money. big spenders will dominate the kingdom... so unbalanced.", "5 star for the game it self! 1 start for the staff thinking it's way to play is to pay! people honest truth don't play this game unless you can spend $$$$$! honest truth staff use your brain build 2 different server one for people whot got skill base and time to actually enjoy and play your game wit...Full Review", "Its fun! Takes a while to learn how to play (as i am still learning) and it takes hours or even days to be able to battle others but its all good. i give it a full 5 stars because the graphics are great and if you are wise with gems you dont need to neccessarily pay to play.", "This game is not worth your time and effort at all. It's just not optimized or balanced for an environment that involves p2w and ftp players. Currently implemented features all cater towards countless cash donations.", "the customer service is the worst that I have ever had to deal with. my first experience with customer service took over 2 weeks to get my issue resolved with not receiving the items that I purchased in a pack. the next time that I had to deal with customer service was when I did not receive the ite...Full Review", "The gameplay is fun and there is plenty of room for a competitive atmosphere, sadly it is ruined by the pay-to-win-ability. Whales are given massively unfair advantage with fast progression, large armies and the most powerful commanders. The alliance with the biggest whale wins.", "this game is great! but there is one thing, i think that some decorative buildings are too expensive. Like the brazier that costs 1000gems. I don't think that it's worth its price. I think it is only worth 200gems. Pricey decorations take out the fun in making your city look beautiful. Please do som...Full Review", "Really great game, but alot of parts are mostly not in reach of players because of the price tag, in this game the more you pay the stronger you are MUCH stronger. free to play has 0 chance against pay to pay players to really get into a place to compete and make a difference you are looking at spen...Full Review", "Glorified farming game. Still waiting on these new game modes that supposedly were released but don't work. Ark of Osiris was a 1 time deal and hasn't returned. Kvk is nothing more than somethinf to string us along with. Either update the game with the promised features and missing content, or shut ...Full Review", "i hate it first time i download it and it dosen't even work! i can't even access it! this is how i describe this Game! \"Terrable!*", "their support team is a joke. I've been waiting on 5 days for a reply from their in-game chat as well as their email contact. I lost my account and they aren't even interested in attempting to help me.", "game play is 5 stars but keeps crashing and returning to phone home page. clean cache reinstalled +3 times internet on a good connection so not sure why the crashes shame great game", "starts well but runs into pointlessness after a week or so. further growth then takes days to build a key building and can only be achieved by spending money. Utiimately the reliance on alliances defeats any point . you cant compete with existing alliances 200 times your power, or gain much satisfac...Full Review", "The events are impossible for non-cashers. At least make it possible to complete within a reasonable time limit or reduce the number of items required for proceeding in events.", "The game is good but when i finished the tutorial it crashes. Then i open again 2 miniuts later again happend. Please fix this problem", "i don't know you will reply my comment or not. but i just suggest that the research in academic so much longer than i expected. its a nice game you know but i need help with that research technologies. thx", "I like this game a lot and play it a lot still, and it could be a really, REALLY great game. Introducing an upgrade/crafting system to exchange lower tier stars and statues for the more rare ones. I want to play the game more but there's just not a lot to do when you're farming. There is so much dep...Full Review", "I tried editing the alliance description but it always says \"Contains Sensitive Words\" even tho there's no sensitive/bad words written on the new description. I sent a message via customer service but i did not receive any response (i sent it a few days ago) :/", "I've been playing for 3months and put thousands of dollars.. and today I was cheated 2ice for my recharge. I understand it might be a bug but the surprising part is that there is NO response from their customer support ! pathetic !!", "It's a good looking, fun game, but insanely p2w. Gape between f2p and p2w is just unfair. Literally one p2w player can wipe out whole clan.", "game is good but there is no proper support from the developer i had sent an email 5days back regarding the issue but still no reply and when i contacted them through game they replied 4days later and my issue is not resolved and no reply WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE I HAVE EVER SEEN FOR A GAME THIS POPUL...Full Review", "THEY DON'T LISTEN TO THEIR PLAYERS! THEY ONLY WANT THE MONEY. I'VE BEEN PLAYING SINCE THE BEGINNING OF K14 AND LOOK WHERE WE ARE NOW, FARMVILLE! WHERE ARE THE GOOD THINGS YOU PROMISED US! ALSO, DO SOMETHING WITH THE EVENTS. ZZZ 0 STAR UNTIL YOU GUYS FIX THE GAME."], "Golden Chariot Casino": ["When I get free spins, game has lag. But , game has good graphics totally. Also, game is very funny. If they fix this problem, I will play every day.", "love this game! whenever I win a big pot they give me a chance to double it for free! I can just keep playing and playing. I have almost a billion already and only been playing for 2 days! $$$", "one word for this game.....Garbage!!! just like the rest ,horrible payouts and stengy with the bonus game...loose ya money in 10 mins.. devs just retire", "how  can i go to world 3? Game has many levels, so i cannot check all levels. probably i have to play for a week. but, if i encounter any bug, i will decrease my rate. !!!", "This game is awesome! I've already won millions! I came soooo close to hitting the big jackpot today!", "Great game! Still I don't know how many are there levels Very interesting", "l was winning money and had 16 turns, you shut game down . I reinstalled game and my 16 turns and my 6 m. was gone.", "not exciting. hard to. hit. bnonuses", "Wow! Awesome! I like this game, very fantastic!!! :)", "Excellent Game. I recommend it highly.", "Wow!  Very fantastic game!", "Awesome!, great design", "Good game I love this game", "great game I like the game", "Not paying out correctly. Please fix!", "so far, so gr8", "can't win", "PERFECT GAME!!!", "terrible...... just terrible", "ok", "good game", "Great graphics", "good", "TAKE YOUR FORCED ADS AND SHOVE THEM. ALSO, LET A PERSON PLAY A WHILE BEFORE BEGGING FOR MONEY....I HIGHLY DO NOT RECOMMEND AND UNINSTALLING", "Ads in the middle of a spin."], "Slots - Slot machines": ["thanks for your time", "i like it", "nice game", "Not easy to go past a certain point , nor get spins", "Este un joc usor de jucat si frumos dar da depententa si are spatiu mic de stocare pe telefon.", "The is fun and has many games to play", "Excellent!!!", "very good", "good!", "good", "enjoy", "Good luck and let me know what you want", "Nicenice", "The best experience ever in a long time in slots. That's you for this experience.", "What a load of crap. It starts off OK then two mins in you get a great big advert that takes up a third of your screen that stays permanent. Garbage.", "Ok game put layouts are not much shame really on work bets you e xspect to get higher not 30 or 100 machines need to pay out more often", "The name of this game is misleading. How rude! Zero stars!", "The reason I love your slots is I can play anywhere, anytime. All by myself. Just wish I could win a little more", "Love Slots Really Do. I Just Feel That Way", "I hate this game XX", "Great 4 wasting time", "Love it lot,s of fun", "Just started and I like", "No I dony", "Too many ads", "Good game", "Fun to play", "Thanks", "Best", "I love", "Nice", "Great", "Good game hate the ads.", "Needs more slots and items to build", "Very good game", "Awesome game", "Perfect", "Good", "Takes a lot of data when playing on line due to ads", "Dont download this one if you dont want to pay to get rid of the ads. Extremely intrusive", "Okay way to kill time no wifi is cool", "Great fun. Games so relaxing. Thankyou this is real and feel like going on and on.", "The adds make it suck", "Works as i expected", "Great game and app", "Not very good nothing special", "Force closes", "I love this game.", "This is revolution of slots games. You can play most popular slots games an build your city.", "Best slot machines, its amazing to build your city", "Uz mam pyramid kupeny", "WAY too many ads & WAY too frequently. Not enjoyable at all.", "Did not enjoy at all. Waste of time", "top section of cards are cut off,, adverts, adverts!!!", "Way too many adds", "I just download for 50000 money in another slot game for fun:))", "\u0627\u0635\u0644\u0627 \u062e\u0648\u0628 \u0646\u06cc\u0633", "I like this game", "tami. J oe", "Casino", "two thumbs up", "to many adds", "Magic\ud83d\ude0e", "Love playing", "Goid", "Its relaxing", "it's fun", "Love it", "Great", "Awesome"], "Win Vegas: 777 Classic Slots \u2013 Free Online Casino": ["this is the slowest on line slot i have ever played. when you want to play you dont want to feel like your in a line. sorry , speed it up", "I'm having g lots of fun with this game breaking even for now...graphics are awesome. kinda like your playing old slot machine...try it you might love it.", "lately only hits 2 or 4 million on wheel. Not hitting enough. $ goes quick.", "Find so far not big enough pay outs though", "awesome experience in the game definitely a difference i would receive this if you want something different.", "JUST PLAYING BUT FUN SO FAR!", "I like the variety of games, appreciate the wonderful graphics, and the generous payouts.  Will recommend to friends.", "It's an alright vame I just started playing", "so far seems like a great game just started playing more later on", "very fun exciting games it's hard to get off of it once you're on it very enjoyable", "nice graphic winning is good good time passing game so far I like it", "Love it! Awesome graphics, n big wins! Give it a try. I am sure you will enjoy it, too.", "just OK. So far losing", "i like the game and stopping each one is new concept and is fun!", "i love it that much injoy so much I am very good at this games", "wouldn't even load", "just like Vegas", "its pretty much no.frills s lots. Have Fun", "Only win big when you're steadily buying coins", "it's fun it will be more fun if i win more thank you \ud83d\ude0a", "just got started, awesome slots as of now", "Pretty good little casino GREAT PAY BACKS!!! GREAT DOWNLOAD!!", "I really enjoy this game it is very interesting", "i have found this game to be very fun and exciting", "very addicting. so many slots to enjoy.", "such an.awesome hame u2can win big", "Too soon to tell, seems fun\ud83d\udc4f", "have not won anything yet", "i like this game", "this slot sucks", "great game so far", "love this game! great!!", "I loves this game", "excellent good games", "exciting game and pleasant", "3 lots of fun", "nice game to play", "okay", "lol", "Very fun", "fun and addictive", "this is very enjoyable", "great game", "GREAT GAMES", "nice slots", "lots of fun", "love this game", "i love the game", "great gaming", "awesome game", "great payout", "good game good game", "love this game love love", "fun", "love it love", "fun", "cool", "good", "fun", "fun", "fun", "fun", "nice", "great", "fun fun fun", "THIS game deserves ALL \ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1fs! I keep falling for your \"Doubling My Winnings\" gig. Good one. You get me nearly every time (Dagnabbit!) Gawd, I'm no good at this! \ud83d\ude31Very frustrating. Gets the adrenaline flowing, Thanks!(Love It!) And I'm such a \ud83c\udf6dWhen it comes to THAT part of this Slu... Uh... E...Full Review", "55 spins nuthin got 10 free spins won nothing!!! Worst slots I have ever tried.", "Playing Black Jack and video poker. Fun to play and learn. Never too old to learn new tricks of the trade! Right?", "Not a lot of bonus to play on. Like the the games but lags a lot. a lot", "I loose 20million coins quite often after winning o. heat it up really stinks", "Best slots I've played yet!", "When playing in the vip slots you collect all the gems it doesn't give you your jackpot!! Needs fixing!! Great game tho!!", "It was slow to load.and not as fun as it could be.", "I really love this game it's fun", "FABULOUS. Like being in Vegas!", "I don't understand why I gotta pay $10 to break my own piggy bank", "I really don't know", "I like the fact you don't have too unlock one game to play another.", "This game is full of great payouts and exciting graphics.", "I'm in Vegas nirvana! I love it!", "It could be d Better but it will do", "haven't played it yet", "Lots of fun try it you'll like it.", "IT'S VERY hard to win, but it's my 2nd FAVORITE game overall", "Just started, get back to you later", "I love this app,very addictive", "Very colorful and so much fun!\ud83d\ude17love these gamessomthing new,lots ofcool games!\u2661\u2661\u2661\ud83d\ude0d fun!\u2661\u2661\u2661\ud83d\ude01to much fun!\ud83d\ude0d", "Only started playing,bit of a buzz so far,", "It paid me up really nice first maybe six spins it seems to be nice", "It's fun but it't hard to win I like these games#", "It's just like being in Vegas.\u263a\ufe0f", "game everyone should play", "Fun game to but slow with winning", "when you get free spins the wheel spins twice as fast and you don't get much.", "I'm in it to win I like the game I'm in it to win", "Nice game, it could be more payouts and higher bonuses on the wheel.", "I really enjoy playing the game don't know when to stop", "Just tried it first time. So far its great!", "Hardly any big win just like any other slot app", "like it very much.", "I like playing", "Seems good so far. Will keep playing!", "I like the game", "The wins keep you going...fun the graphics are excellent", "Games Are Awesome!\" Fun, Fast & Great Graphics!\" Great Job Guys!\" *", "great games and good payoffs like the slot machinesl", "its fun and sounds like real slot machine", "It's nice to play, love the excitement of winning", "It's ok", "It's OK", "very good game come have fun", "great game has good payouts!", "just a lot of fun, very entertaining.", "one of the best slots i played this year", "this a great game never boring amust", "Love a game with 7's in it. Thanks", "Ok game", "Just started", "this game is addicting", "Very interactive", "It sucks", "I like it", "super gteat", "grear game", "Ilove this game it's a lot of fun", "Great Payouts. Games are fun", "love this game Big payout.", "A must play $$$$", "A very good app.", "never hit the bonus games", "I love this is awesome and addicting", "Great slots with excellent wins", "So far so good", "I love this came it the best", "great experience love game", "great game very relaxing", "very addictive,, nice payouts", "Love playing here!!", "The \ud83d\udca9", "Great seven's game.", "Addictive, addictive!", "Good for passing time.", "Great game to play.", "Good time killer", "Best game ever", "This slot is the best", "Love it so far", "I love the graphics", "Great game my", "Great so far", "Fun game +", "Fun and addicting!!", "Cool games play", "Just learning to like it", "So much fun", "Very nice picture", "Relaxing and enjoying the fun", "I love slots", "nice slot game", "game is interesting and fast", "Like it", "Ok", "Yeah", "ok", "I. Love to play", "Great game.", "It's great", "Loving this casino!!!!", "Amazing!", "love love love love your slots", "Fun!!!", "\ud83d\udc4d", "\ud83d\udc4c", "\ud83d\ude0b", "Awesome winning fabulous \ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f", "\ud83d\udc4d", "\ud83d\udc4d", "Great game", "Great fun", "Its awesome", "Awesome game", "Good games", "Fun to play", "Great app", "Great game", "Its good", "Cool games", "lots of fun", "I love it", "Love the games", "Its fun", "Love this game", "vary good", "Doing good", "Love the slots", "Great game", "Good game", "Great games", "very entertaining", "no problem"], "Free Solitaire": ["Too many ads but the game seems good so far. Upon further use, I discovered there is a glitch that has you lose the game with \" No further combinations\" even when you are looking at an obvious move. I had a decent winning percentage until a few weeks ago. Lately I have won twice in the last 40+ trie...Full Review", "I have never had a game tell me when I no longer have moves and I do not like it. Once I was moving my hand to make a move that I clearly saw and it ended the game as if there were no more moves. Very Irritating. Plus a lot of advertisements. I do like the play and look of the game though.", "What I like about this Solitaire is it has ads in between each game but they don't play loud. I hate games that are loud because you can't play them in offices and other places like waiting for the doctor, etc.", "Love this game since childhood! One of the first games that I have been recognized) no special skills and strategies are required, just play for fun! Time passes with her very quickly. Who has not played everything I advise!", "I play several different solitaire games and enjoy this site because it's a no nonsense game. You win or lose, so when you lose you don't have all those keys to push just to get to the next game... Refreshing", "At last I was looking for a normal solitaire for a long time. The rest were terribly lagging, the rest did not start. And the graphics are extremely pleasant, thanks to the developers. 5+", "excellent game. easy to read cards quickly, benefit at my age haha. only one glitch i would like to see fixed. when you select a card that should go to ace stack but it goes to play stacks first if it fits, then you have to click it again to send it to ace stacks. otherwise, best playing game ive fo...Full Review", "why does it place aces at the bottom of the stack instead of the top of screen? can't make good score if program makes you waste moves.", "Game play was ok until I continually refused to rate it or take up any of the many adverts at which point the game became unrealistically un winnable and unenjoyable. So I understand installed it", "I'm talking about Free Solitaire. I play it all the time..too much! About ads...it doesn't always work to hit the \"X'. Sometimes you have to click on Home and then the Free Solitaire icon I have on my home page. Ads are excessive but a small price to pay for a free game!", "game sucks. stops when I still have moves. not much fun when you only win 5 games out of 20. going to delete. will play on my computer.", "I did not understand how the score was caculated before. But now I really, really do not understand!!!!! Negative scores????? If it stays this way I will stop playing! I have enough stress in my life. This game one added that I can do without.", "It gets stuck way too often and when you're trying to play it all of a sudden it has no more moves but it keeps on suggesting stupid moves and it's the game is done there's nowhere to go with it so it just sits there and act stupid and actually does not know when to quit this game is actually retard...Full Review", "The various finish designs. The ease of moving rows. Stats and prompts. Sometimes have been stuck with only 2 options, Replay or New Game, not allowing EXIT.", "Cool game...love the animations, and it seems kinda rigged so it's almost impossible to lose. Even the ads aren't too invasive!", "cards move too fast upon clicking-takes away feel. cards go to incorrect places, have to be moved twice", "An excellent choice for those who love card games, especially the kerchief. A nice interface, good graphics. You can write and write, but it\u2019s better to download it once and see for yourself! recommend!", "Too many ads pop up and you ask too many times if I like it, would not Play if I did not like , just let me play and stop asking", "Annoying. Do one undo and get a five second app. Get no hints. Finish play abd get stuck on a,game. Every 5 plays get adked to rate the app. I've played one day abd im uninstalling", "Like the game alot. Gets you aggravated a little bit but when you beat it. It's all good.", "The ads are too intrusive. Often they interrupt play rather than between games. Some can't be removed until they have finished. I shan't use this app again.", "Has a tendency to state there are no more moves even when all cards have been turned over and the game is complete.", "Worst free game ever. I can't make more than 3 moves without ads popping up", "This is without a doubt one of the best free solitude games online; not so many ads and very easy to navigate.", "As long as it's FREE and Google DOES NOT CHARGE BEHIND our backs YOU'LL GET YOUR REVIEW IN 3,WEEKS AFTER I TRY IT. BUT IF YOU CHARGE TELL US AND I WILL DELETE.", "only reason why not 5 stars is because restarting to a new game counts as a loss on game record. change and I will give five stars.", "Classic solitaire, huh? So old, but gold. I'm gonna spend a lot time in this game. Thank you.", "I'd like it better if I could exit without losing an unplayed \ud83c\udfae sometime there's only time to play one or two games would be nice if you could pause or open new games without forfeiting games you haven't played", "I like this game. It is easy to play and to me, it's relaxing. You tap the row or card you want moved, and it moves for you. Or, you can move it yourself if you prefer to. Try it, you will like it, too.", "The game is just super, you can perfectly spend your free time playing it, time flies by unnoticed. I recommend everyone to play.", "If u think that u cannot fo any more moves perhaps a small hint would b better than a straight fail", "this app is not good, puts ace on a 2 not in the top row. puts any card from the pile down on a run first rather than in the finish pile.", "Free but annoying ads & settings. Get what you pay for. Looking for a better one.", "It's a pain with all the warnings and why does it have to get into your personal info?", "Too many ads, and I mean just too many, wold be ok with 2/3 of the current amount of ads", "Don't like when a game is counted on a loss when I didn't play it.it starts during mid game.should start new game each time", "Bit getting used to to shuffle cards from right to left with packs on left side, but I enjoy it very much. Thank you!", "Good game if you didnt get all pop up adds on, but enjoyable.", "Iam very happy i can play this free solitare. I would gladly pay for the free solitare. It relaxes me and makes me get a good nights sleep. Thank you. \ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01 S Mc.", "great game. I like how you canpersonalize it and even allowes you to put your faveorit picture on the back of the deck you're using. Also a grear way to pass some time when waiting on something or someone.\ud83d\ude01", "This is good example of excellent card game: it's fun, easy and don't take a lot of time.", "There r too many ads, I lose my train of thought! Otherwise I'm happy.", "i enjoy playing this game. i like the way you only have to touch the card and it will go to the right place", "Nice game design, not too many ads. Best solitaire game I have played on my phone.", "Allows for a good game. No irritating bugs such as freezing and/or settings that don't work.", "Too many times asking me to rate it and adverts not even connected to game", "I like this game, it is my favorite. The interface is nice and the picture is clear. I play with pleasure every day.", "I think this is a good game for seniors to play since it is a good game for us to play... coming from our era of time.", "It ok could have backgrounds choices like checker bord or or other untraditional. Design chooses", "At least, lthink that the benefis of such games still there. Unfolding cards calms the nervous sustem, helps to develop care.", "It is nice to play before start work. Refresh my memory, and I think better ! Thank You !", "It's ok. I'm not sure that the scoring system is accurate.", "It's a fairly fun game. Like all others way too many ads,, and the graphics are ok.", "It keeps the mind occupied and the boredom away very additive game", "Loved the game Solitaire kerchief. Very convenient management of this application. Stylish interface. Chumavaya graphics. The game is addictive. I constantly play it on my way to work and back. Five Stars", "great app! advertising isn't unreasonable and game play is smooth and relaxing. I've enjoyed playing.", "Like that can play anytime and useing my mind a little more think game itself is good", "I like the way it let you know if you don't have another move instead of having you go back multiple times.", "Get rid of the end of game animations they waste time and are really stupid", "Very addictive. Sound effects are great. Especially when you win. First game I've downloaded. Highly recommend.", "Could be fun, but can't finish a game because it keeps kicking me out.", "More stars it submitted before I could press them all.", "It's quite good l like it it's not to difficult but l enjoy it l love the way it finishes. Brian.", "Really like this game, simplistic and fast and challenging cause you don't always have it your way.", "Very fun game love the way there is more then one victory ending very nicely done kudos to the developers Keep up the good work\ud83d\udc99\ud83d\udc99\ud83d\udc99\ud83d\udc99\ud83d\udc99", "Fun. Not. Hard Good Graf. Even a cave man could play it. Not morons. (well maybe!)", "You get 1 star because you kept asking me to review. Leave me alone", "I love the game. It keeps U occupied an good brain therapy. I love the challenge. Keep up the good work.", "Too many pop-ups and adds. Heats up my phone.", "I like free solitaire for none stop action and so much fun.", "kinda dull with hum drum graphics.....works when just bored.", "Love it!keeps me from being bored. doing right while having car serviced!!", "very relaxng I play it when I need to wind down I have it a five star.\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude14\ud83d\ude3b", "Face paced but aggregating when I get cornered.", "This game is very good you use your mind alot very healthy.", "Love games that make me think when my brain is not working very well..", "keeps my mind busy while fight for oxygen.", "It's easy & fun in a mindless sort of way. Certainly, not any heavy thinking.", "the look of the cards,. & the way the game flows, I find it all very relaxing. thank you.", "keep being interrupted by a message asking if I like app...... very annoying", "Constantly interrupted by other games that are not installed in an attempt to get you to download them", "Like it but I would prefer to be able to select \"solvable\" rather than \"random\" so that I know that it is my ineptitude if I fail .", "The game is too quick to say there are no combinations,then I'll replay the same game and won. What's up with that?!", "cards don't automatically go to the suit pile at the top .ig .click on an ace and it might go to the top or it might go to a 2", "I like playing solitaire, keeps me comfort. l enjoy the game.", "helps keep my mind sharp i am 86 yrs old . thanks", "very good way to make your mind work. Good visual effects.", "Cultivated precise, simple, yet large, numbered cards to enhance your experience!!! md", "Quick and gratifying. Doesn't bog down into an undesirable mess! Love it!", "Can't stand all the interruptions with the advertisements!", "the game is excellent and exciting, it is constantly, when time is boring, you can turn on the game to enjoy", "Fun and without too many ads which is a good change. Entertaining way to pass time offline", "I think this is relaxing and a good way to occupy yourself when you have time to kill.", "Game shuts off just when I'm getting into it and won't let me go back to finish it.", "Great game to relax and enjoy in the evening after all work is done", "Great Game. Enough wins that make you want to keep playing.", "Very fun,and, very addictive to play. Best Solitaire game I have ever played. 5 stars all the way. Great job", "Not that challenging but OK for a free one", "I love when bubbles come out after a finished game!!!", "Dont like so much rotating. off in my setting like to reset my games when I want to", "It wasn't to bad but here all of a sudden it's getting worse.", "To many ads. To pushy asking to be rated", "Not 2 many probs quite like it screw the naysayers", "It's stupid to move the ace to the play.", "it's difficult but I like it", "I like this game. If there are no more moves it ends you don't have to keep going through the deck.", "Best of the card games I can find, just need a few more background options", "Very pleased with this app,easy to use and good fun", "I enjoy the game it is relaxing for a long hard dayatwork.", "At least you can win at this one! Too many others draw lousy start ups!", "I enjoyed it but it would be nice to have a part that tests you multiplication smarts.", "I'd like to say that I have liked it. It's an enjoyable and rewarding game. So cool. \u263a\ufe0f\u263a\ufe0f\u263a\ufe0f\u263a\ufe0f\u263a\ufe0f\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude00", "Just like the real thing", "I like playing this game. It's a very good. On my opinion it's better than all other concurents. I recommend it to you.", "terrible ads never stop game over when it's not or it locks up delete it", "Same ones keep repeating?", "This game is a great way to take a brake from stress .", "Keeps glitching and saying I lost before I even lost the game", "A good time waster that keeps the brain active", "you can win one and don't. even get a chance on three deals", "Always been one of my favorite cars game", "just bc it won't stop asking to rate", "Too many pop up adds", "This game is addictive in the way of wanting to play.", "Relaxing it's relaxing not difficult to maneuver fun", "i like playin solitaire but it can b boring", "I do not like the fact that I have to restart the game because the ad pages will not always go back to the game.", "One of the better versions that I've played.", "To many \"to try games\" pop up.", "it lets me win alot!", "Too many interuptions and advertisements .", "keeps closing game, saying there are no more combinations, when there is.", "like it works out for me.", "I just love and it's addictive once you start playing it's really hard to stop lol", "love the game, hate that you want me to give a rating.", "Even if you quit a game, you still get be a winning hand delt to you", "this game is the best so far. thank you.", "I played it all the time i love the game", "wow love it good work thank you", "Best game of solataire I have found", "I think it will pass time for moments when bored", "The computer wins the majority of the time! No fun.", "Way too many ad pop-ups", "something I can play. I'm not good at these things.", "Very fun & enterining when waiting at appoints or just killing time", "Poor score not enough", "adds kill the app", "you guys CHEAT", "I play this alot. Guess I'll addicted", "I'm truly enjoying, I haven't played for years & that was with actual cards", "I have no clue how the score is determined. Does anyone understand the scoring?", "I don't like the music", "I'm 75 and it is easy to use.", "h Dudley Hussey fri gf dry hi gef", "can't change deck to left hand, ends game when I still see more moves", "enjoyable game very addictive and love the graphics, adds are not a problem, don't change a thing.", "cant play the game for all these idiot ads and rate this and do you like me, this to will end up on the scrap app yard!\ud83e\udd15", "love it!!, not filled with ads,which is great", "poor shuffling, repeated adverts interupting moves even though they were turned off, odd alocation of card placing. its a game not life", "Had trouble ending the game.", "this is a good game I really like it, its time consuming fun and challenging", "still, now you have decided to have more ad's. What's Up.", "Boring but then All solitaire is boring.", "Very entertaining way to pass time", "The game will not be over but it goes to new game", "I just wish I could play the deck on the left side", "its solataire, can you really complain?", "Blows away Microsoft's games!", "Not sure what is the best score", "I love playing this solitaire its really easy to play", "The game is very addictive and a good source of passing time during the day", "I was completely happy with the simplicity of settings and loved the choices of themes", "fills up time with interest", "helps me zone out", "There are times. When just distractions make so litare a restful time", "dont like it you take it away before i am done thats not fair i would like to finish it in my own", "Keeps me from being bored.", "It's a great solitaire game but the hints are kind of wonky and the options for the deck and backgrounds are kind of lame", "It's a nice game for one", "Its too easy to win.", "It is s great pastime.", "Never can win", "too many adverts", "great game BUT WAY TOO MANY ADS GUYS...COME ON!", "I am not a game player but I like this", "It's fun to unwind with.", "Like the game Don't like interpretation with adds", "Good game would like the option to have a left handed deal", "Stop telling me to rate the game", "OK just waiting to check few things I checked If they are really worth it", "5 very relaxing gives me something to do in my spare time Judy Bell", "Not all games are winable and it does not state that in app", "The best Solitaire game I've come across.", "one of the few that doesn't pop up an ad after every game!", "Fast, fun, free!", "I like the game it keeps me thinking", "I think we play with friends also", "it lets me win almost every time", "Nice so far I hope it keeps going", "I like it! Relaxing!"], "\ud55c\uac8c\uc784 \uc2e0\ub9de\uace0 : \uae40\uc900\ud604\uc774 \uc120\ud0dd\ud55c \uc6d0\uc870 \uace0\uc2a4\ud1b1": ["Very nice app's feels realistic.. \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "It is a good and best game for killing time.", "Same as the the other review with the new update I can't play the game because their asking your korean social # and phone # with which plan the phone # is on. I live in New York so it's impossible to have korean social # and our cell phone # and the carrier is different  than other countries.", "With the new update I can't play without a Korean number...", "\uc608\uc804\uc5d0\ub294 \uad6d\ub0b4\uc5d0\uc11c\ub9cc \ub2e4\uc6b4\uc744 \ubc1b\uac8c \ud5c0\ub294\ub370. \ub2f9\uc5f0\ud788 \ud574\uc678 \uac70\uc8fc\uc778\uc774\ub098 \uc678\uad6d\uc774\uc740 \ubcf8\uc778\uc778\uc911\uc774 \ud544\ub8cc\ud588\uae30\uc5d0. \uc5bc\ub9c8\uc804 \ud574\uc678\uc5d0\uc11c \ub2e4\uc6b4\ubc0f \uac00\uc785\uac00\ub2a5 \uba87\ub2ec\uc744 \uc990\uae30\uba74\uc11c \uc88b\uc558\ub294\ub370. \ucd5c\uadfc \uc5c5\ub370\uc774\ud2b8 \uc774\ud6c4 \ubcf8\uc778 \uc778\uc99d\uc744 \ubc1b\uc73c\ub77c \ud55c\ub2e4. \uace0\uac1d\uc13c\ud130\uc5d0 \uc774\ub0b4\uc6a9\uc744 3\ubc88\uc774\ub098 \ubcf4\ub0c8\uc9c0\ub9cc \ub2f5\uc740 \uc644\uc804 auto answer \uc218\uc900....\ubcf8\uc778 \ubc88\ud638\uac00 \ud655\uc778\ub418\ub294 \uc804\ud654\uae30\uac00 \uc788\ub358\uc9c0(\ud574\uc678 \ubc88\ud638\ub294 \uc548\ub428) \uc544\uc774\ud3f0\uc73c\ub85c \ud558\ub79c\ub2e4... \ubc88\uac70\uc6b0\uc2dc\ub2e4\ub77c\ub3c4, \"\uc544\uc774\ud540\ubc1c\uae09\ud6c4 \uc774\uc6a9\" \ubc14\ub78d\ub2c8\ub2e4....\uc774\ub807\uac8c \ub2f5\ubcc0 \uc774\uba54\uc77c\uc774 \uc138\ubc88\ub2e4 \uc654\uc74c.... \uc544\uc774\ud540 \uac00\uc785 \ubd88\uac00\ub2a5..\uc774\uc720\ub294 \ud574\uc678\uc5d0 \uc788\uae30\uc5d0.... \uc774\uac83\uc774 \ub9d0\uc774 \ub418\ub098? \ud574\uc678 \uac70\uc8fc ...Full Review", "Love this game\u2665 It's a bit shame that I can't play this without Korean phone# but still good enough\ud83d\udc4d I've learned gostop by this;p", "I love it!!! (:", "\ubbf8\uad6d \ud639 \ud638\uc8fc\ub4f1 \u3137\u314f\ub978\ub098\ub77c \uc0ac\ub78c\ub4e4\uc740 \uc5b4\ucc0c \uac8c\uc784\uc744 \ud560\uc218\uc787\ub294 \ubc29\ubc95? \uc800\ud76c\ub294 \uac8c\uc784\ub3c4 \ubabb\ud574\uc720 \uc9c0\ub4e4\ub3c4 \uc5c4\uccad\ub098\uac8c \ucabc\uc544\ud574\uc720,\uc5ec\ub7ec\uc0ac\ub78c\ub4e4\uc774 \uacf5\uc720\ud560\uc218 \ub9bf\ub294 \ubc29\ubc95\uc744 \ucc3e\uc544\uc8fc\uc2dc\uba74 \uce84\uc0ac\ud574\uc694", "\ub2e4\ub978\uac74 \ubab0\ub77c\ub3c4 \uce5c\uad6c\ub300\uc804 \ud604\uc9c8\uc740 \uc544\ub2cc\uac83\uac19\ub124\uc694..", "Needs an english platform and it would boom. Im playing and kind of lost.", "\uc804\uc5d0\ub294 \uc678\uad6d\uc5d0 \ub098\uac00 \uc788\ub294 \uc0ac\ub78c\ub4e4\ub3c4 \ub180\uc218 \uc788\uc5c8\ub294\ub370 \uc774\uc81c\ub294 \uc8fc\ubbfc\ubc88\ud638\uac00 \uc5c6\uc73c\uba74 \ud560\uc218\uac00 \uc5c6\uc73c\ub2c8 \ub9ce\uc774 \uc2e4\ub9dd\uc774\uc5d0\uc694. \uc5ec\ub7ec \ub098\ub77c \uc0ac\ub78c\ub4e4\ub3c4 \ub180\uc218\uc788\uac8c \ud574\uc904\uc218\ub294 \uc5c6\ub294\uac74\uac00\uc694?", "I started playing this game when I lived in Korea.  I've since moved back to the US, and was connected via Google Play.  Recently, the ability to use Google Play for non-koreans was discontinued.  After the update, I was forced to verify my account by KT, SKT, or LG phone number, OR by iPIN.  I don'...Full Review", "\uc9c4\uc9dc \uac8c\uc784 \uc9dc\uc99d\ub098\uac8c \ub9cc\ub4e4\uc5c8\ub124. \ud328\ub3c4 \uacc4\uc18d \ud55c\ucabd\uc73c\ub85c\ub9cc \uc3e0\ub824\uc11c \uc9c8\ub54c\ub294 \ub05d\ub3c4 \uc5c6\uc774 \uc9c0\uace0 \uc774\uae38\ub54c\ub294 \ub9d0\ub3c4 \uc548\ub418\uac8c \uc774\uae30\ub124. \uac8c\uc784\ud558\ub2e4\uac00 \uc774\ub807\uac8c \uc9dc\uc99d\ub098\uae30\ub294 \ucc98\uc74c\uc774\ub124\uc694", "Error on the point calculation.", "Great game!", "Very good and fun", "very fun and this game make me feel good.", "\ub85c\ube44\ub85c \ub098\uac00\uae30 \ubc84\ud2bc \ub20c\ub7ff\ub294\ub370 \uac11\uc790\uae30 \ud55c\ud310\ub354 \uc2dc\uc791\ub418\uc11c \ubc29\uae08 \uc77c\uc5b5\uc6d0 \ub530\uc774\uace0 \uc653\ub124\uc694. \uc9c0\ub9d8\ub300\ub85c \uc2dc\uc791\ub420\uac70\uba74 \uadf8\ub9cc\ud558\uae30 \ubc84\ud2bc\uc740 \ub3c4\ub300\uccb4 \uc65c \ub9cc\ub4e4\uc5b4\ub193\uc740\uac81\ub2c8\uae4c???", "\uc7ac\ubc0c\ub124\uc694 \ubb54\uac00 \uadf8\uc804\uacfc\ub294 \uc880 \ub2e4\ub978\ub370 \uc88b\uc544\uc694", "Very easy to enjoy", "not bad n too often updated.", "FANTASTIC", "1 in 4 to get 4x or 5x.  My results in 50 spins: 4x twice.  This freemium game cheats.", "I love this game i want to use more good emotions", "Good^^", "Love it", "Great game", "Aye", "\uc644\uc804\uc7ac\ubc0c\uc5b4\uc694!!!", "\uc2e0\ub9de\uace0 \uc9f1 ^^", "\uc6b0\uc559 \uc7bc\ub098\uc5ec~~\ud638", "\ud574\uc678\uc5d0\uc11c \uc5b4\ub5a1\ud574\uc694? \uc678\uad6d\uc778\uc774\uba74 \uc5b4\ub5a1\ud574\uc694? \uad6d\ub0b4 \uc804\ud654\ubc88\ud638\ub3c4 \uc5c6\uace0,  \uc544\uc774\ud540\ub3c4 \uc8fc\ubbfc\ubc88\ud638 \uc5c6\uc5b4\uc11c \ubabb \ub9cc\ub4e4\uace0 \u3160\u3160 \uc88b\uc544\ud558\ub294\ub370 \ubabb \ud558\uac8c \ub410\uc796\uc544\uc694", "After update i cant play game anymore piss me off=(", "\uc9dc\uc99d\ub098\uc11c \uc9c0\uc6e0\uc74c", "\uc9f1\uc9f1\ub9e8", "\uc7ac\ubbf8 \uc788\uc5b4\uc694", "\ub178\uc7bc"], "Bubble Shooter Genies": ["I really love the game...it's very challenging and u must be smart to recognized the puzzle how to solve them...and I reached level 250 and I updated it now January 30,2019 and I can play for 15 more levels....yaaaay!...I just hope there's a reward everytime u passed the hard level coz it's really w...Full Review", "great bubble shooting game, easy but challenging great for all ages, not to many ads, easy to exit out of that's a big plus for me!!!! would recommend this game to anyone. thanks \ud83d\ude0a", "your star rating is based on random chance. you get 45 shots and finish with 40 left and still only get one star. its garbage", "Fun and Simple time killer no complicated nonsense.. Litterally shoot bubbles! Perfect", "Dear Dev, plz don't accept add at least from Elsevier as because they're downgrading due to biasness to some countries.", "Ads are a little long, bit that's the gig with free games. Cute game!! Lots of fun.", "worst. dude try to make game with less commercial view!", "very interesting game. I am enjoying it while clearing its levels.", "decent game and tricky at times but what a up sell at every turn...", "its a pretty casual time killer. Steady, easy going, fun, and addicting.", "need more coins or options to receive coins to enjoy the game", "I like it, because this app doesn't force you to purchase additional content.", "its a fun game. and a great way to pass the time .", "I really like this bubble game!", "Nice apps,, enjoying wasting time", "Fun game and great color. I enjoy the time I play the game.", "it is a very good game for all ages", "I don't like it is terrible", "can't pass level 108", "entertaining and loads of fun.", "I love it its addicting", "keeps me busy\ud83d\ude46", "keeps me busy", "just started and I like it", "fun game to kill time", "cant to play with friends", "it really simple", "This game is fun and awesome.", "Very very nice game", "Fun and addicting game \ud83e\udd29\ud83d\udc4d", "addictive \ud83d\ude0a teaches color matching and tragectory", "super fun love it!!!", "ok nothin special", "addactive game", "awesome \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\ude01", "it is great fun to play I like the game", "my daughter love to play with this bubble shooter", "ok game", "me a encantado", "looove this app", "simple bubble popping fun", "Ok", "\ud83d\ude0d", "\u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639", "extellent", "very fun and addicting", "I love this game", "love this app", "Great game!", "\ud83d\udc4c", "very fun to play", "enjoy..\ud83d\ude0a", "wow best game", "fun game and challenging", "great fun", "awesome game", "Good game", "good game", "love it \ud83d\ude0d", "funny", "yippekaiyay", "Oil", "amazing game.", "great", "great game \ud83d\udc4d", "mellow", "best choice", "love it", "sux", "fun game", "Great game", "good game", "very good!!!!!!!", "fun. easy.", "Good game", "easy for kids", "easy and enjoyable", "love it", "challenging", "the best", "good", "love it", "fun. fun. fun", "decent", "Fun", "addictive", "fun", "love", "cool", "cool", "good", "good", "love it", "excellent", "entertaining", "Love it", "fun", "wonderful", "love it", "very interesting game I love it very much", "love it!!", "fun and easy", "This game allows you to win whenever it wants to. When it doesn't, you WILL NOT get the corresponding colors you need to continue. Fire power becomes impossible UNLESS you pay$$$$$$$$. Most maddening so called game I have EVER seen. IMPOSSIBLE!! Ftr I give this ZERO STARS.", "hi I really like the game but I hete each time it say 'you lose ' I mean I know I lost but it's so discouraging to see the word lose. for me it gives me negative vibe. plz use another word or sat try again, . plz I like the game and am getting addictive. do something", "in general fun game, but if you are a good player you will be frustrated with the higher levels where it gets so hard to finish a level. i wonder if it is done purposely that way to force people to buy the tools to get through . It got so frustrating that i came here to write the review then REMOVE ...Full Review", "what is the glory for the one that controls the color of balls that comes up. to make me lose as much as you want .if you dont like the players to win then take this game off from apps and shovle this game up your ass hole.", "you don't have any way of getting free coins. People who are on a fixed income do not have the means to spend alot of money on coins and boosters. The games should have perks for seniors. Given all our information you know who your seniors.", "So far (level 60) the levels are well designed. You can win them without boosters but you probably can't get a perfect score without paying for boosters. You can spin a wheel each round to get coins and stuff but you almost always only get the smallest prize, 5 coins and the cheapest booster is 80 c...Full Review", "I'm stuck at 280 waiting for new levels to open, so annoying... will give back 5 stars when I get new levels... or the game gets deleted...", "starts off ok but gets to hard to fast, was done with it in a few days, was looking for a simple fun time waster not something that got to difficult fast just so you could try to get money", "The games concept is great like the others, but the ball regularly changes its color after release, even when I know for a fact I'm shooting up and lignin uo the right color. The aiming line color even matches, yet out of nowhere it's the wrong color and I wasted and blocked a valuable taking point....Full Review", "fun at times. not sure what the tricks are for getting through the LOCKS and cannot find where to go back and get the help. that's pretty stupid that there's no rules section", "This game is a lot of fun! The only downfall is the amount of ads it has. However, they tend to be pretty short and sweet, which allows me more game time!", "you pick a ball and when you shoot it turns to different color. not so cool . uninstalling right this moment", "Good, takes a bit long to get harder and challenging and not clear how u improve scores? Sometimes I get 1 star and don't know why. An explanation for that would be helpful.", "Pure garbage loved this game when I was younger but clear they are just after your money the higher you go its pay to play.", "the shooting bubble bubble color changes its color I'm offended that you're game cheats changes so it was wasted my data and my time I want half a million dollars", "I hate to admit it but, every time I open this game, I get so lost in it, time flies! Love it!", "challenges you... only REASON I deleted was tired getting to the end of challenge an need ONE COLOR to complete get 5 colors don't match", "downloaded and undownloaded withing a half hour. in that time my balls color was changed mid shoot 4 times. ridiculous", "being limited on amount of tries is very frustrating. Just a ploy to get money. 5 year old daughter disappointed.", "Fun enough until all the ads were pro-Trump. No thanks. If I want to see a talking cheeto I'll turn on FAUX News. deleted", "Not enough bubbles, you just want our money to buy them. That's not ethical.", "You deliberately divert certain balls so that they miss their target.", "overall good but music is annoying after a while. and most annoying thing is when you press on balls they change,its not very equilibrated", "In this game it doesn't matter how much experience you have as a bubble popper, they purposefully set you up to fail so you have to spend in the game for boosters and tools. Also, the baby \"dragons\" are weird.", "How do you get coins? What kind of game is this that you don't win anything for each level you beat? You \"creators\" have to know your average person, me and the like, aren't going to spend money on a game you play while you're waiting for the doctor to call you.", "fix your damn code. if i turn off the music it should stay off. not come blaring on all of the sudden between levels, impossible to get rid of.", "it's a fun game to take up a little extra time I'm glad I downloaded it there is a few ads or commercials but the game itself is very cool", "just another money grab not worth your time", "Cute graphics and fun! Something different from usual bubble shooters game \ud83d\ude01", "background is distracting and so much goofy stuff flying all over the place!", "Fun Game! I didn't think I would like the game as I thought it would be too simplistic, but I enjoy it.", "I love playing this game it's hard to put it down it relaxes you I just love that I can play it all day", "great game until level 216, last 4 times I've played it freezez during game and can't move to next level", "stuck on a level and cant get past it no matter what i do. removing this game.", "This game is addicting. Once you get up in the higher levels you can't put it down.", "just wants your money and inconsistent controls higher up the levels", "Fun and cute game, I honestly have nothing but good things to say.", "games that prevent you from playing the game wont get me to spend money to play. they make me not play them anymore", "great game but when down to 2 or 3 shots they should be the same colour thats left to get", "This is a cute game. I like how they give instructions on how to use the different bubbles.", "This game blocks all small stressful problems your going through at work", "Best addictive game ever, I have done all 280 levels what to do now?", "relaxing and very addicting. i love this game!! great job!", "worth less lets u go so fair then wants u to use ur debet card", "Impressive graphics/game play, however, I downloaded this for my 11yo daughter,who's having difficulty finishing!getting her 3 stars after level 18 and lost interest :/", "I love the games so much that I am going to play it on the way to school", "I love it.... it's very addictive. Whenever I am not able to sleep...... you guessed it.... I play!!!", "casually addictive. very good, and watch a few ads for extra lives", "love the game but none of my special bubbles work, it won't let me shoot any of them. I paid for them through the game money. sucks I can't use it.", "Really a different I love it if you are thinking about this game, just get it, its 12 20 pm and iv been playing it since about 8pm 10 out of 10", "this game is very interesting I completely finished all levels it should be more updated for others. when it will updated.", "love this game a great way to pass the time, Plus it's offline so I can play anywhere.", "Impossible to win after level 42 without buying", "great game 2 pass time when your bored", "too much advertisements. you have to stop playing and wait 5,10 min. to play again..", "Simple, fun, addictive and makes waiting time go by faster.", "why do my coins keep evaporating when i dont use them?", "very good could use less adds", "great game but last stage is 280..i have completed..pls provide more stages....", "I am forever changed for the better", "I cant seem to stop playing this game every moment of downtime I get... \ud83d\ude35", "Not Too Impressed, just something did'nt click\ud83d\ude07", "Great fun, very addictive.", "Not enough dragons and a TON of f****** bubbles..! Needs major updating to modern days time to be an enjoyable game!!", "it's very much nice and I like It very well \ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude09", "this is the best bubble shooter game i have ever played.and i have played a lot of different ones.it is so much fun. i really love it.and is so much fun for younger kids .", "I can't wait for this week and I'm going back home to the next day to find out more about this recipe and make sure that I can make this again for fun.", "Very fun and addicting game. Great way to pass the time.", "addicting! downloaded it for my niece... but I ended up playing it all day LOL", "doesnt give u the required color", "OBSESSED WITH THIS GAME,LOVE IT", "This is an awesome game. Whom ever play's this game will simply agree. So far.. re relaxing.", "Fun and I really enjoy it.", "fun game addictive for sure .", "It's a Very easy game that anyone can play !!", "Much fun to play. I really like this game.", "Easy to play. Great way to give my brain a break!", "can never get my free spin", "happy and brings me joy when im down and out", "it's a very addictive game and very fun to play", "cool game to relax with.\ud83d\udc2f", "Fun way to pass the time. New view of an old game.", "awasome super entertiment but all level completed please share new level and confirm", "very cool. so far no game cheating where u get 5 green balls in a row when all u need is a blue", "A lot of fun!", "just need videos to add more coins", "Good game. Lmt ads", "I love it! Best one yet!", "Its not very challenging but its a good time killer.", "BORING!!!!! Way too easy for an adult. Touchy trigger.", "good game love playing it", "most addictive game I have played. and I do not need in game purchases to continue on", "nice time paas game", "nice like the game fun", "very fun best app of the century", "its not good game its weak", "lots of fun until you realize you dont know all the rules", "Is a nice game it also take away stress very good as the way I went it"], "FIFA Soccer": ["Nice update . Fifa mobile season 3 is of much improvement compared to previous season. They have added new skills . I still have some issues. 1. The replay is not good . The replay must focus on how we reached the penalty box and shot the goal rather than how we shot the ball and the ball went in. a...Full Review", "FIFA mobile 19 was doing well initially, however the lack of new ideas and events is evident now and this is where the competitors like PES and Dream league are taking advantage. Commentary could have been optionally added with an additional 250mb download, and further enhancements in events. EAspor...Full Review", "Although there are many football games put there, this is one is one of a kind and is a beilliant game. I love playing it, as it is very engrossing and unique. However, if the H2H (head to head) could be fixed, that would br amazing. For me it is very glitchy and i am not really enjoying it at the m...Full Review", "I won a VS attack match, but neither my fans count increased nor did I get a reward pack. During VS attack matches my screen is black for nearly 20 seconds. Sometimes the last goal that I score in VS attack matches is not counted. It would be better if the issue is fixed", "Please just remove the vs match coz its awful. the chances that u justify isnt right and it makes us hate the game and u guys who made this! please please please! Just focus on making the head to head match better. some of us spent money on this game already we just want to enjoy the game and not be...Full Review", "the gameplay and graphics of this game are good, but I wish those weren't the only things I liked about it. no commentators, no substitutions with no reason to do so because your players never get tired!! a bunch of pointless different game modes. All I wanted was to start with a lower league teame ...Full Review", "great game.But now that lunar new year is gone,there is nothing to do because my overall is to little to beat some teams.All i can do is vs Attack and league matches, which are quite boring. Graphics are good, but i wish the replay would highlight the foul. Cool if i could record great goals and sav...Full Review", "Plz introduce ways to collect more Jersey not just the warm-up for 30 days. The game is good but it could be the best game if u introduce substitutions and commentary. Please EA make these changes so we can enjoy cuz we love FIFA.", "i hate this game: i just spent my 2500 gems and it poped server time out and i didnt got anything not my gems back not the pack reward or anything. i have nice running wi fi then also this happened", "This game has lost the essence of FIFA. It has opted out of classic FIFA modes such as quick play or even the replay function. It butchered skill moves as it only allows one per player which is predetermined. It traded out all of this for what one can only imagine: to prioritise ultimate team which ...Full Review", "i love game but what is up with the v.s. attack? its hard to give less than four stars. if i cant play a significant part of the game regularly, than it hards to keep intetest. it needs some work.", "Overall, the game is perfect. But when I play vs attack it plays but the other person doesn't score and if I score the match finishes and it says I lost and I lost many fans please fix this or it is getting a 2 star.", "So you call this a FAIR PLAY when in campaign game against Dynamo Kiev with them having 3-0 against our team. And you have this game name \"FIFA\" but where's the fair play game. This is a FRAUD!", "Great game, but continual login and server issues are getting tedious. Also how about a rematch option on head to head games? Definitely 5* with the server issue sorted, but 4* until that happens.", "I have deleted my last rating . \ud83d\ude12 . Sorry, but that was not good. As a developer, I can feel it. But, if that's the case why are you making the customer, like me, feel bad. \ud83d\ude29\ud83d\ude29\ud83d\ude29\ud83d\ude29 ... \u2639\ufe0f\u2639\ufe0f\u2639\ufe0f ...", "thanks ea for the response and i would like to request one thing why not add journey mode in fifa 17 pc to fifa mobile it would be awesome to play that mode in fifa mobile becoz i never played in pc or other platforms and i think most of them would never be. and thanks again for rectifying the probl...Full Review", "Gameplay is very good,everything else is awful! I wanted to play football,not a million annoying tutorial,events,challenges,or highlights,and with the players i pick,not randomly(with no logic whatsover) awarded ones. If anyone knows a game like that,please let me know,and dont waste your time on th...Full Review", "mother****r creator...at first know how 2 play football...then u'll hv an idea how much lol gameplay this is...bt it's graphics is good..my opponent is scoring 3goals after my time has finished in vs attack mode..can you kindly change this funny gameplay???where positioning boost,agility boost,passi...Full Review", "If you delete the game than all your progress is gone forever and if the fifa mobile 20 will come out your whole team will restart all your good players will be gone. You also get harder opponents as your team overall goes up. It's kind of impossible to beat some teams sometimes.", "if you uninstall this game, then your account will be doomed permanently. and they give so poor event like scoring penalty, free kick\ud83d\ude44\ud83d\ude44 i mean seriously!!!?? Go and check out PES 2019 mobile, they have done the best thing and learn from them that what kind of event u should give.even their game pl...Full Review", "game was fun at first but they don't add no new entertaining stuff. just stupid events that you gotta pay for if you want to get the top good stuff. I'm going to try other soccer games", "Unfortunately,the game isn't optimized enough, the graphics are decent but can be better (currently the best on market though ),game modes are good except the UCL mode, personally i think u should have made it in a different way, for example like an online tournament mode or something similar. The g...Full Review", "This is the worst ever FIFA. Game sticks without any problems. Though I use wi-fi and 4G network. After updating H2H mode, it still connectivity error. Game has been stopping without any problems.", "love the game. best gameplay. but no collect all rewards on daily challenges and other events. its a pain having to click so much to collect rewards please add collect all rewards, its so irritating!", "Pay2play, aggression wins, 3 star game.. fun to play but facing 98overall teams every single match gets annoying when every player on the team can hit it in the top corner from 35 yards out lol", "Please include !!! 1.Commentary, 2. Full Replay of Shot 3.Make Offline this FIFA game .Always make remain this FIFA World Cups Please please please.... 4 please make this game like FIFA 16 having 1st and 2nd half from both sides ok please review my point and tnx please developing this game 5!! pleas...Full Review", "I gonna just say the truth. It's just aweeeesome after the update. All the things that I wished in the previous season have come true in this season. It is my favourite football game from my view of point.", "D-sync, i don't know why but i still see problems in head to head game please fix this \ud83d\ude14. I loose many games just because of this d-sync", "It is good from the last year, but can it be more better if it included Mangers, Stamina, Injury, Substitutions, Tournaments. This things if added in next session it become more realistic.", "I Just hate it when we either get player from higher ranks and when u have an elite team they litterary gave me master players to fight so i always lose how am i surpppsed to RANK UP?", "What are you really doing EA ??? Really , I just can not understand what are you trying to do???. Season 2 was much, much better than 3 the card designs have gone down, the gameplay graphics are good but it's not smooth.And now a new problem of logging. Really disappointed with the new season Ea I c...Full Review", "If you like football then it is the best game i had ever played. And if you don't like football then also you play it, believe me you will start to love football.", "Head to head is always lagging for me. When im winning , it suddenly lags..and next thing i lost. screw you game", "thanks EA for such a good game..it's always about how we play but sometimes it comes into our luck...the game becomes more active when events are there which is always there ...fifa mobile has the great graphics ..the gameplay's cool too....its a nice game and i say that u should at least play it on...Full Review", "Well Everything Is Just So Amazing Then Last Year But I Wished That There Was Commentory & On Game Substitute Option Then It Will Be A Perfect & Best Football Game", "My fifa mobile is not opening .It is showing that no connection even thought i had internet.please make the game perfect.", "Good game and I would rate 5 stars but head2head has locked me out, vs attack mode is putting me against others with 95 overall and me with 84 overall. Please balance it.", "Game is ok but not as good as Fifa 18 mobile. Certain controls and gameplays (like adding substitutes) can be improved", "Previous version is best.... This is worst update you made... Atleast give us a option if we want to play old version... Bcz this version sucks....", "Lossing a game in vs attack, the game says error disconnects and wouldn't give win, it takes away points instead. So winning takes away points. cannot win a game if i do i dont points. vs attack is all wrong. just play a vs attack that ended 0-0, never happen b4.", "it is pretty good but the head to head is still bugged like hell. things like substitution,injury need to be added to make it more realistic .overall if the head to head is not bugged then i will give it 5 stars", "Even after your last update in H2H still there is some issues. Please fix that issue. Apart from that game is buttery smooth.", "previous bug fixed. but still some bugs there you need to fix. Otherwise very good GamePlay. all things are good except some bugs", "there should be substitutions .... amd commentators..... that would be awsome but though the game is cool its really good just that bit more development.....in these things", "fix the kit issues, i have a green for home and white for away and i play with blues ones", "It has lost its charm ,vs attack sucks,too many bugs boring events feels like even the developers have given up on dis game.... bring back the way it used to be like FIFA 15", "It is not working properly in Redmi6 though I have good internet connection. It loads for a long time and then not supporting.", "It's classical EA game. Good graphics, good gameplay but lots connection problems and you have to pay lots of real money to play top.", "The worst fifa mobile till now,really the worst.I would suggest you uninstall it.", "I used to love fifa 18 mobile and I love 19 too but this game has a lot of bugs like in the middle of the head to head match you disconnect and lose points sometimes you dont even enter the match you just get stuck on the loading screen.The biggest problem is the lag even though having a 3 gb phone ...Full Review", "i like this game however in the campaign mode juventus is winning 3-0 and i cant beat it how can juventus score 3. goals within 10minutes and i have scored 3 goals aganst juventus to make it 3-3 but it dosent let me go to extra time thats why dont like this part of the game . can u pls change this", "Ya'll guys just fixed head to head so what big deal ? Not all people even play cause it doesnt work on all phones you guys should also think of fixing the Commentary,Vs attack mode and propabilty of getting good players to at least 50", "#NO$FORBUGS i buy 1000fp change to gems but never get elite ucl player give some goodess player", "EA I Will Give You 5 Star Only If Get An 90+ Rivalary Player.", "Absolutely brilliant but good players are really hard to get. It is hard to sign in to.the game. It takes a lot of time to load.plz EA fix it", "It is very entertaining and the graphics are amazing for a mobile game. The creators must be very creative to cime up with different ideas and events. I recommend u play now!", "i have one question,in attack vs attack how can the opponent make a 2 goal in one seconde ????? i think more realistic is better", "please make it \"switch player\" manually. so hard to play and win the game if they can only auto switch. And the referee also always make a wrong decision by giving the foul to others. Please fix it. thank you.", "This game gives some satisfaction to the gamers by giving high end graphics and gameplay...but still can't emerge better than the previous seasons...All the best EA team\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c", "worst than pes . they are only about money . everything is very expensive. even though the gameplay are still bad", "ever since i downloaded the game i have never played it connecting to the game is too poor its annoying do not download", "GOOD GAME BUT THIS GAME HAS A PROBLEM THAT IT IS VERY GUILTY WHILE PLAYING A MATCH", "can't connect .It say to check your internet connection .whats the wrong with the update .seriously this will be bad for the gamers who like it", "What did you fix it is lagging more. You need to change the vs attack fan winning and loosing ratio.", "unless you're a willing to spend a ton of money here you might enjoy this game", "Tgis is a pretty good app. Sometimes its a little boring but thats alright.", "The game isn't going past kickoff. It is showing training and when I'm clicking on the box nothing is happening. Horrible.", "I talk to ea help many times about a problem but they don't reply to me", "the worst game ever it doesn't give us any chance to get back our games", "Best game ever played. Game having an awesome graphics but no commentary in it. They don't give fifa points this time which is rediculous as FIFA points needed everything where to buy most of the things.The thing i hate the most of the game is after the completion of a tenure of a year when the next...Full Review", "I love the game but I always have problems with the system \"seacher\" for a player and it makes me loose it blocks up my screen and I loose to who I'm vs or playing against It not just me. so plz fix that bug cause it's getting me tight.", "Good game...But I have an issue that I was logged in the game with google play games and I had 80 OVR team and I uninstalled the game and today I installed it again but when I logged in the game the game restarts... why?Please fix this I want my 80 OVR team again...please reply", "plz add these things more jersey , substitution , commentary , Tossing , Total goals that player hits , Red card & more plz bcoz we love thiz game much more \u2764\u2764\u2764 soon update all these thing . then it will be more interesting plz add both side 1st & 2nd half \ud83d\ude4f\ud83d\ude4f\ud83d\ude4f plz plz", "Always lagged in middle of game, stupid random roll in vs attack mode.", "fix the right price by yourself for a player add commentary subs replsy side change etc etc", "in tram of year all card messi cf position is most worst card as compair to other card .", "ki baler game.Loading hocchay na toh match ke khalbo.kuttar baccha.Worst game in world", "Its a Good game fun but only if it was played offline it could have been more fun it should be the same like the one we play on Xbox FIFA 19", "Can't watch round of sixteenth pts rewarding videos at uefa champions league, furthermore /also I can't watch daily warm up or any rewards videos thanks for considering it, best regards.", "fix refery dicition and stop lag", "I want unlimited coins gems the f sign and to.play champions league and all the event money.Thank you and I will playnyour game ever.Just to remember my game name is Tolugtapro", "Very nice game I like it but I have one comment if the developer can always update the campaign chapter and other chapters it will be very great", "Fifa the best football package. But, Commentary plzzzz..........", "this 2019 upgraded game play system is not as good as last year's \ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude11", "The market very expensive this is so bad please thanks", "pls add indian players in the game", "bad u need to add to add ur freind to vs them", "HORRIBLE. No pasa de la barra de carga.", "Great Game. excelent graphics. this game is great.", "why dont u give fifa points in daily rewards", "can you let me do gameplay with heartbreaker bale", "I keep playing the matches but I still receive low amountof diamonds and fifa points.However,when I want to purchase something I have no enough diamonds and fifa points", "the game is awesome but only one this is that u should add premiere league jersey also not ur own jersey", "always log in problem irritating", "a very good game.but i once flashed my phone and I lost it , when i downloaded it again,it didn't work.grrrrr!but it's very nice.", "worst wrold worst game in world", "ea is hungry for money but i like it \ud83d\ude0a", "Thanks for the update, hope we will have a smooth H2H game play.", "yachhhh , it takes many times to load", "I Fu**ing hate the controls", "I hate this game plzz remove this game", "It's a great game, but the controls aren't working well and its causes me to fall maches.", "thankx for giving me a response thankx but how can I train my players above 90", "the app is good and the controls are great but it reaps me off when i sell something like a 90 over all", "great game love it.the only problem is please let us choose the camera view", "plz add more legues", "players are camping the same player", "pretty good..npc's are overpowered but it's a really good game..always enjoyed fifa products", "H2H crashed once again", "Good game, needs to keep improving H2H.", "pls sir u can add indian super league and indian players", "player not tired,no subsitution,no fans for specific player please update this content make new version", "Now its better", "Best Game. but connection problems on Head to head matches.", "On Market please put the PROGRAM section for searching players", "I like it but takes a while to get what you want", "Amazing and hands down best soccer game I've played on Samsung Note. ADDICTING", "The game can't open on my android device... I can't tell what is happening", "it is best game I have ever played . Every thing is good and we are getting awesome players", "Just wow!!!!!!!!......", "\u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u062d\u0644\u0648\u0647 \u062c\u062f\u0627 \u0628\u0633 \u0645\u062d\u062a\u0627\u062c\u0647 \u0644\u0637\u0637\u0648\u064a\u0631 \u0627\u0643\u062b\u0631", "Too much bugs", "To many bags", "no $ for bugs.", "game \u091a\u093e\u0902\u0917\u0932\u0940 \u0906\u0939\u0947 \u092a\u0923 \u0932\u093e\u0917\u0932\u094d\u092f\u093e \u0935\u0947\u0933 \u0932\u093e\u0917\u0924\u094b.", "GOOOOAAAALLLL! NO.1 FOOTBALL GAME IN THE WORLD", "I loved the game! The tutorials, matches & creating your own team! Great graphics!", "Thanks Ea for that game but try to make as cricket game also it's my humble request", "the game is very good.But opening packs (2500)gems i have very low rewards.", "Increase rewards for free to play players.", "Possibly make FIFA 19 Mobile game", "game is amazing and you Can provide Wi-Fi support to playing with friends through Wi-Fi", "not com ing new event mode", "it the slowest game i have ever played", "Best football game on the earth.Gameplay is very good and a great time killer.", "good game but needs some innovations every now n then.", "I completed my ucl first skill game and didn't get my points", "game is so good but some time game is not working. connection problem", "the game will be more interesting if we can play with our friends", "New upadate for F potins", "My game is not working", "fun,breathtaking play loads of awesome skill games and matches for everyone", "es mas o menos", "not working on my phone", "game play is best but there is no full match that you can play", "I have some good players and I am doing a tournament with my friends", "W000010 Messi Neymar and Cristinano", "takes very much data", "not good entertainment", "previous version was good i uses to play it a lot but this version is nowhere close to the previous one", "optimization and gameplay is horrible", "awesome game that I never played till now this is the game I like very much", "best game ever and there is no ads ! how cool is that the grafics in this game is exelent", "please make icc mobile", "still very lack in head to head", "nice but hand pain", "Mind blowing I like the player as 90+ OVR", "This game is good but I want trade with friend", "I will give 5star if you add commentary", "it is better than dream leage soccer", "comuntiary is not available", "I L 50th golden", "Add handballs to the game", "what? the Game is using internet connection??", "its nice though it lacks commentary please improve it", "its fun and the players are like real and the graphic is good", "THIS GAME IS DOPE \u26bd\u26bd\u26bd", "This game is the best game EVER and I really like it", "good game takes some time to load but good game", "what a game!!!", "good just the lag", "don't show stopped on fifa mobile", "the best soccer game . best for football fans", "I love this game so much", "its a good game but it was hanging", "would be good if less bugs", "best game I ever play", "It is god", "\u0627\u062c\u0645\u0644 \u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629", "super game", "cb game", "very poor", "What a game", "FIFA", "Server Problem", "Bad refereeing", "absolute terrible", "Its sick", "It's a good game to play", "good game i love to play it", "how is play ?", "best game ever in the world", "Man thanks for creating that game", "nice game thanks ea", "PES mobile is Better.", "it's excellent game of \u26bd", "Please give a event", "Best game for football", "what about carnivall", "the best football game"], "Ocean Block Puzzle": ["Once you start you can't stop playing it. Sometime it make you work n think \nmore carefully before you place down each piece or you won't win you \nhighest score ,I love it \ud83d\ude1a\ud83d\ude0e", "It's an addiction to be honest. But amazing game to play. Even if u have 5min of time u still can play this game, as the processing time and all stuff is not there in it. Must go for it", "I play this game more than anything else I don't get stuff done because I love playing this game. THIS GAME MAKES ME HAPPY", "Very good game. No adverts shoved down you throat and no pressure until after your review then they advertise their games aggressively . Nice offline game.", "l luv this game xcited how good I'm doing than pow those blocks stop me in my tracks. l continue with positive gotcha get shown l don't gotch at all. \ud83d\ude02", "I like the challenge, not too hard but make you think carefully before assigning the blocks to the squares. I like the colors too, bright and cheerful", "So nice game..but so many stupid advertising.. Shame and not good to God", "thanks for the new one and my husband and I will be in the new year is off to Shah and I will let you know that I have a lot of time to dhah the new year too good morning I am not sure if you have any questions or concerns please visit the new year to you and your family and friends is in the new ye...Full Review", "Too bad you can't turn the shapes. I only play bc I am obsessed with beating my high score.", "Cute and easy to play. Love the graphics. Can you make a live wallpaper \ntoo? I think it would also be a big hit.", "In between the game again n again promotional adds come which distract the \ngame.. unnecessary advertising", "T his is relaxing to me it help relieve stress it's colorful an easy to enjoy an play thank you", "Bright graphics and simple to learn but nicely challenging to play. I love the \"cheerleader\" voices! So cute!", "It's nice to play but there should be more controls to rotate the bricks and after every level the ads are little irritating.", "Its one of those games,once you start you can,t turn it off its a good games easy to play", "The pices need to move better so you can play with They NEED to turn when \nyou need them to.", "should be no starts only the hand showing you over and over how to play \ntake out of the play store and fix it", "It's a challenge game that I cant stop playing", "Very addictive. Once you start playing it's hard to stop. A good game overall and colourful", "This is a very nice game I enjoy it always from Namibia our beautiful \ncountry \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "I play it everyday it relax me..... I like it alot", "More colourful than wood blocks and no annoying ads or in app purchases.", "It starts out slow but it gets better at first I thought I wasn't going to \nlike it but it gets better", "To something like mind over potential way solvong the were your mind at ease and peaceful", "Its ok. Very smart. Keeps me from scoring much, but i loke it.", "I really enjoy playing this game a lot. Very relaxing and fun.", "So friggin addictive. 1:00am and I am still playing. Lol", "I am not God....but I enjoy game", "It is a game to clear your mind to help you get on tract.", "Very good to play,scary you'll put the block in the wrong place.", "I love this game to bits. So challenging...", "Fantastic! No ads...keep it that way\ud83d\ude0a", "I completely enjoy this game. I find it very relaxing.", "Very nice liked the game good time pass", "A lot of ads but fun.", "Too many ads, but very addictive", "Great to teach shapes and where they can fit", "You just got to stay ahead of whatever blocks it throws you... Quite a challenge ...", "I love taking it turns with my daughter", "Best game for me....thank you", "Nice kaau mkawala dyod sa kalaay", "Just pure entertainment for some time", "Love it , can't STOP playing", "It is a good game .l like this game.", "I need to be able to turn the Peace's.", "This game is very addictive, I love it.", "Game is sometimes challenging but fun.", "Cannot stop playing", "Great playing it to come out of other thoughts", "This game divert the mind", "Very relaxing and brainy game \ud83d\ude19", "Very unwinding and refreshing \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\ude06", "Cute and addictive. Well done.", "It's an nice game but it gets interrupted by ads", "Greatly entertaining and mentally stimulating \ud83e\udd17", "beautiful happy colors makes an enjoyable game.", "I enjoyed playing this game", "So far so good \ud83d\ude1c", "It's ohk but apps are too much", "visual is soo nyc ..\ud83d\ude0a", "Helps the brain to keep active.", "Love it because it mind challenging", "It is a very nice game", "Best offline game ever", "It's fun.", "I like it very much", "It's very colorful!!!\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude0e", "Get the puzzle pieces to rotate", "addictive game, easy to play a nice game to pick up when you have a bit of spare time.", "Keeps me wanting to gain Get higher score", "This is a great game", "Sd Great game", "Way to much ad's", "Best and very interesting game", "Fun, and addictive", "I love this game", "I like play the game and in joy my self", "Great g3 and so addicts", "Very good time possing", "Very addictive game.. do not download", "Too many adds.", "Fun addicting game", "Good brain exercise", "The game is an OK game", "But too much advert", "no option to rotate blocks", "Nice and attractive game", "I really like this game", "It's interesting,good app.", "its a goid game but hard,", "Great brain game", "Love this game!!!!", "what an amazing game?", "Fun and challenging.", "It's a softy game", "Horizontal setting should be there", "Thanks so much", "I love this game", "Really okay.", "good game apart from adverts after each time you play .", "I like this game", "Luna Lakwal Bairwa", "Its ok.", "Better Super Excellent", "love this game,love the colorful graphics.it helps stimulates your mind.", "Fun and colorful!", "I won't score?", "not a bad for time pass", "Addicted....\u263a", "This gave is adictive", "Very defficult game", "bloke puzzle gratis", "it but passes the time", "Addictive!!", "it's a grate puzzle", "l Love this game! Keeps me busy for hours!", "fun game with ocean background.", "Good game", "Shannon's Phone", "To good", "Wow nice to play try it and play soon you load it", "so far so good", "I love this game,great graphics ,very enjoyable", "Its good to pass our time with playing this game.Ohio", "A mind teaser. a fun game i really like it.", "won't adds", "I like it", "Love this game.. Very attentive and really good", "refreshed mind", "Awesome game", "Superb game", "gane is like....yes...it is something.....\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a", "Love it.\ud83d\udc4d", "The game is quite interesting and enjoyable.", "Ocean Block Puzzle Game is fun.", "i like this game. its a stress buster", "Fun.", "very entertaining very intelligent good game.", "Nice game", "Not bad", "Very nice time pass game", "like this game", "Challenge yourself", "time pass", "it easy to play makes you to think fast", "grrrrrr888888 game", "time pass", "So cool", "its interesting & relaxing...so much fun", "Amazing game", "i love it..", "Very lovely wonderful this Aap.", "very nice &time pass game", "Loving it.", "Worst game", "Entertaining ND beautiful game", "love these puzzle games", "An addictive adventure!", "very good", "Great game", "it's nice\ud83d\ude0e for time pass", "Fatafati", "Yes", "Awesome \u263a", "Addicted Fun", "awesome", "wao", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc", "Fair", "Lovey", "Good game", "Very addictive", "It is very Nice", "Lovely relaxing game", "I love it", "Its an interesting game", "I love this game", "The game is great", "I just love it", "I love this game", "good game", "too much fun", "love to play the game", "good game for timepass", "nice can be longer", "Good", "very very fun to play", "fab.....", "i like it", "i like it", "ossam", "like.it", "Cool game.", "Nice game.", "Excellant", "Bad", "Awesome\ud83d\udc4f\u270a\ud83d\udc4d", "\ud83d\ude01", "Wonderful game", "Great game"], "Slotomania\u2122 Slots Casino: Vegas Slot Machine Games": ["it's a very great way to enjoy yourself without spending any money if you do not wish. there's a chance to win some nice gifts, and extra points. if you need something to kill some time, this is the ideal game. they give you free chips to play with. they do offer packages to buy but that is your opt...Full Review", "I really like this game! It has its good and bad entities just like most every thing else and if there is a technical issue they do compensate you. Treat your self and give it a try, I think it's one of the best out there.", "ired of getting pop ups. Every time i get a big win, there's a popup asking if I'm enjoying my big wins. It's very annoying and I'm only betting 375,000 because if I bet more than that, I will go to zero coins. I'm not having much luck.", "awesome even better this year 2019. I've played several of these games and this one out dose all of the others 2 to 1. The more I play the more I like it!!! roll through the losing streaks you will get paid back", "After playing for about 2 weeks I was getting irratated because I would win then it would take all my money, and I would have to pay if I wanted to keep playing. But now I'm doing great and having fun. Still hanging in there.", "A lot problems when I try to open my game, my screen turn off ( like a black out) every time. My phone it's a Galaxy Note 9... Much better faster loading, different kind of bonuses. Tku", "can anyone recommend a new game to play????? this one sucks \ud83d\ude2d. had over a billion pts, down to 200,000....back and forth from 2 to 4....consistent losses without payback.....over it. I think I would rather watch the news, as depressing as that is.... says alot doesn't it!!!!!", "Installed on my phone AGAINST my permission by the dispicable bougyes telecom. So many downloads because they are in axis of money grabbing cnuts! Immediately uninstalled.", "i have had game issues slotomania staff returned emails with resolves. grt fun games with better graphics then others, but very greedy bonus games not alot, get up high in coins only to see them vanish.", "Very entertaining. Many games to choose from. When bored with one game just switch to another. And the collecting of cards is another challenge. Add in snakes& ladders, Private Lucy another challenge.", "i don't like it when I get it down loaded i didn't get no Free coins i have downloaded it a few times not happy with it and you say people win all the time", "release new ace cards. I haven't received any new cards in over a month..Getting frustrated.\ud83d\ude20", "It is addictive. Wish the payouts were a little more consistent. They are really good or non-existant. Right now they are good. Still my favorite!!", "FILTHY HACKS! Slotomania treats most loyal customers like sh--! HORRIBLE experience!", "this casino has worse odds of winning then jackpot party and goldfish casinos. absolutely horrible.", "you have set to highfor your loy followers and they Can't make ths dashes or quests without spending alot of money it is no longer a free gMes and many have started to play other games", "real good game. changing my rateing not getting no better if does ill give good rating", ".very hard to win super jackpot. mission impossible. i think only for those who buy coin.", "great game.. fun quests something to do when you have down time you can set it on auto spin amd it does the work while youre at work highly recommend this game", "Pointless app. Takes an absolute age to load and if you run out of coins the daily bonuses barely cover 1 spin.", "This casino game have all the games that i love to play.", "Good game. Please stop putting club points in daily dashes. most people cannot complete it.", "Play these lovely games for real fun :), enjoy!", "the sumons are cool. have enjoyed playing this game for years", "I have just started playing. I'll get back to you after a while", "give free coins but take back all free coins eventually", "Great game. But the higher levels you are they raise your minimum bet. And make it a lot harder to complete the - dash and other promotional games", "Fun to play. Love the quests to win big", "puzzled all good no changes e joy in no changes necessary good fun no changes necessary . I get great pleasure relaxing with slotomania. I am 72 years old", "wish I could win more I'm a poor person and can't buy coin. Love the game.\ud83d\ude0amore super wins.love playing your games!", "as always i am enjoying slotomania its exciting, awesome,. excellent graphics, and big wins!! give it a try and you wil have fun just like me!!!?", "Slotomania is my favorite slot machine game..I enjoy the large variety of games and chalanges..they have games and contests for everyone..", "Like the game. Tired of crappy Mega amounts always the same.", "eas Groovy game requires patience skill and patience", "I have so much fun at Slotomania.I almost went through all mycredits on the newest Ace game but I am going back to the Puppies. I love Slotomania.", "Thank you for your games and wonderful challenges. Love it. thank you for the fun and relaxing time", "exhilarating fun! best casino game on Earth!!!!", "I would like to see more tumbling reel games!", "LOVE SLOTOMANIA!!! Always creating fun quests and challenges which make every new spin a huge win possibility!!! Love the excitement of completing my chapters in the Slotto Card Albums too!!! Just getting better everyday!!! Thank you for the GREAT ENTERTAINMENT SLOTOMANIA!!!!!!!", "is my bets too rich for yoyouyour virus game and you no face,0r gur taeverything you ok 7ste .", "better than some games but in order to level up, Coins don't last as kind as they should.", "keeps me on the edge of my seat!!", "enjoyable up and down game", "Play all the time ,its my number one game", "winning big. been playing non stop lately.", "Very fun game, Love to play. Thanks", "I love the slot games and mega wins!!!!", "i had to get a new phone and now I can't go to my sloto cards", "Great customer service!", "good as fast as you win it gets taken back ratio of winning not good", "lag slow game play", "the games are a lot of fun. payback could be a little greater in special qwests and special feature games but overall this is a fun site.", "good game wish I could win more billions ymf", "I could play this game all the time spinning and winning!", "i love playing real money vagas slots. play you will love it if you like making real money play play you will love it i no i do please update me on your wins", "Entertaining game.", "By far the best casino I've ever played in the car for", "Great game.", "Great game.", "Love the games !!!!!", "wow its thsat good all most like vegas get beter every minute", "600 spins without 5 other a kind", "just playing to get coins for diffrent game", "this is one of the best games i\"ve played", "I thank you for making this game", "good game ..... big wins", "lots of fun! can't stop!", "i just keep winning yay", "Love the Spinning!", "Waist of time", "fun to play, hard to stop playing", "The best slots game to play. Love the different variety of games.", "just continued winning each level. Never played before. Lot of fun.", "waste time.", "so glad to be winning.", "Really having fun playing this game one of the best game ever", "nice system addictive", "feels like I'm in a real casino love it!", "Good games ! Great challenges ! Great Fun ! Free Coins ! \ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\ude0a Big Wins !!! \u2b50\u2b50\u2b50\u2b50\ud83e\udd29 A fave !!! \u2764\ufe0f", "i love play it, more easy just to spin it", "try it out.", "Nice game.I love it", "Having a blast with the new Chili game Woohoo", "greatest fun I have in a log time", "Love the games I can play for hours and hours", "just a great good time and, realistic!!", "\ud83d\ude0a", "Best online slots game by a mile", "fun game decent pay out", "Fun addictive lots of big wins", "far the best slot games ever", "im having tons of fun playing", "trilion coins", "It okay", "Good & exiting", "Slotomania rocks!!!! The graphics are great.", ". allot of fun and fantastic entertainment", "great fun and big payouts!!", "My favourite slots game.", "Fun game to pass the time", "I love these games", "its doing awesome", "fun way to pass the time", "love playing hours of fun", "Best game ever", "this is a very enjoyable game.", "completing for some offer.", "i wish it can be faster.", "Awesome..liked it", "\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "great time killer.", "This game is awesome and fun fun fun", "My fave!", "Good preview!", "new games are good", "very good game", "best game around", "good game i love", "awsome and alot of fun", "i enjoy playing this game", "its a good game", "it's the best!! love it!!!", "ok", "awesomee", "My", "lots of fun!!!!", "\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "enjoying!", "Very good", "\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "Love it!", "love it!", "\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\udc9b love it", "Awesomeness!!", "awesome win", "Good game", "Awesome app", "great game", "its great", "very enjoyable", "nice game", "great time", "fun slots", "fun and entertaining", "great game", "nice app", "very fun", "fun game", "good game", "Fun to play", "awesome games", "Great game......", "\ud83d\udc4dgood", "\ud83d\udc4c\ud83c\udffe", "Cool", "awesome", "fun", "fun", "awesome", "fun", "great", "good", "great", "Great", "love it", "fun", "good", "great", "fun", "good", "good", "good", "Addictive with a good variety of different features and incentives. I really enjoy and thank you for all the innovative efforts you put forth in developing awesome new games and contests. I'm beyond thrilled to have completed the power dashes and the first 2 games toward winning Lucy's Dream Machine...Full Review", "so absolutely love this app... my only wish is that there was some way to spin the reels on fast mode which is why I only gave 4 stars... some of the games just spin way too slow... otherwise great gaming experience with plenty of opportunities to build up your coinage and actually spend time playin...Full Review", "I have reported 3 times to you that I can open the app, collect all my bonuses, but when I try to open a game it tells me connection lost. it used to work, I have NO trouble whatever in any of my other game apps. You have by far the WORST response time to a loyal gamer. I am so frustrated, I don't t...Full Review", "It does not explain how the games are played. No direction on how to go from.one to the next or how to get the special bonuses. Example. I won some power cards but dont know how to get to them or use them. i won the next stage to play in the tournoment on Sunday but no futher information or instruct...Full Review", "The game is stupid. It lets you win some time, but most time it is take money. I guess if you don't buy anything the company is like heck with you. It would be nice to see a bonus. I have leveled up 30 times without having one. The game is a joke. I wish I could rate this a zero. Plus with the updat...Full Review", "Rapid Chili has horrible pays and other games as well. Some of these games are set to difficult, to win especially with higher bets. The lack of bonuses is ridiculous and the number of games too. When you do receive higher games some payouts are Whack! In addition, the wild's that have bonus games l...Full Review", "This is not a poor man game. IT is a very expensive game. When it started out it was fun now it's a great sacrifice to play.Gave it a second chance and it still the same game. The more you pay the less you win. My wife and I play the same games yet she makes billions and I loose billions. But she pa...Full Review", "Ok guys where's my four star card from yesterday's Daily Dash. you set unreasonable goals and then don't pay up. Oh and the love blast was rediculous. Meter slowly filled so it was difficult completing the challenge. Over 100 billoon spent and broke within one dayd play. Because of my level why am i...Full Review", "They need to move the max bet button , its placed where its easy to accidentally hit it! i love playing, but i hate being made to rate thisp game over and over, after I've already done so, and if you dont rate it, it seems to me like you start losing, but maybe its just in my head,! I enjoy playing!...Full Review", "I'm not able to collect Lucy's 7 days of gifts because I was unable to finish all the challenges. some of us work 12-13 hours come home fix dinner help with kids with homework give baths and that might leave 1/2 hour to play if that long. and higher the rating you are the harder it is to finish dash...Full Review", "this is ridiculous, another issue for the nth time. My Gf send me 10 Sloto cards and nothing showed up. 5 gifts are shown on the bottom right hand corner, yet when u go in, nothing is there! Disgusting!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! already sent e-mail. I can't even receive a simple coin gift and the number 1 on th...Full Review", "Fun game to play. There's many games to play and lots of ways to win. The only negative thing I could say about this game is when you first login there's lots of popups. Other than that it's a great game to play for hours which could also be a bad thing. Lol.", "save your money! use to be a fun site where you could actually win but now forget it they have the payouts wound so tight that you will never win without paying a ton of money for there coin packages. also to much advertising while i am playing. the games are to simple the graphics are ok but all yo...Full Review", "I really enjoy this game, as of late it's making me extremely frustrated. If I don't rate the game ( and I have) I will not get any free spines on any game. So frustrating. I can not believe that you took all my sloto cards away on the wheel of stars. Extremely upsetting.", "Need more big wins, the dashes and challenges are unachievable, without having to buy your way thru them. Trading in your cards for coins is a joke, as you land on the same low payout 9 of 10 times. This apps a joke always trying to get a purchase out of you.", "This game is fun, easy to play, exciting, and it keeps you on edge. However it gives out meaningless spins that produce nothing, lotto bonuses that you wait for and it let's you down, or coins given to you and you spend them all with no return, which to is meaningless to get. If you have money to th...Full Review", "This game just keeps messing up. After all this time there shouldn't be as many bugs as there is.Thursday Feb 21 I was playing the game 'my dear puppy' and I won the la museum jackpot which was worth just over 27 billion. I have the badge for winning the jackpot but I didn't receive the money. I don...Full Review", "i love tbis slots game! cant get enough. wish i could go to casino a couple blocks from here and get these same results!!!! but id have to have the money to play to do that anyway! ill just stick to slotomania!!! it doesnt make me more broke if losing!!! lol. you should get Black rhino slot", "Used to be the best game ever. Payouts are horrible now. lost a trillion coins in super short period of time with no fun play time.another time this week lost few billions coins in matter of less than 5 min the game had nerve to ask for $8.99 i can have back my losses from 5 minutes ago. games that ...Full Review", "I love the new season it's going so good and I love the new power heroes cause when you're in a bind there they are to help you out. I want to thank the inventors of sloto mania I'm strung out like a research monkey!!! lol", "hard to win big jacket pots besides hat love game. I guess I missed up started buying stuff now can't win like I was it really sucks I have bad legs and spend alot time with my legs up playing games I use to play jackpot City all time and same thing happened than started playing yours and really lov...Full Review", "Still upset regarding your payouts in the games and with the bonuses. Use to get the black and white bonus and the 200 ball a few times, but it seems that of late all you get are the low payouts. I am tired of paying for a Facebook game that says it is the #1 Free Slot Game!!", "The game been good so far, but there's a time when it seem is rig. and you'll go dry spell not winning. Overall is a fun games when you gets lots of bonus and big winner.", "you are getting soooo cheap!!! 600 spins and no bonus on most games!! unbelievable!! no longer fun!! I'm not giving you another penny. i used to enjoy this game but now I'm only getting Angry!! why do we bother rating or commenting... you don't respond or care about what we have to say!!!!! \ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20", "Really impressed. Realistic gaming where the stakes are far more realistic and not overbearingly far fetched as other Slots. Well done and the graphics are fine. Not big on the Uncle Tom voiceover though. UPDATE: I AM REALLY HAPPY WITH THE GAMES YOU HAVE. I HAVE A GREAT TIME \ud83d\udc4c. Especially when I am...Full Review", "Thank you so much for this game I truly love it it's the best slot game by far..... its now 2019 an im still addicted to this game even more so now..... my rate is a 10 plus thanks slotomania team.......... YALL ROCK", "I have never been much of a game player but I came across this game and tried it. I'm so happy I did! I love the graphics, selection of games, HUGE prizes and all the extra bonuses to win coins. Customer Support is the best. They are there for you 24/7, quickly responds to any questions or issues. T...Full Review"], "Hotel Transylvania Adventures - Run, Jump, Build!": ["The game is very good amd interesting. I was on level 36 and when I opened the app, it asked me for my age again. And after entering the age, it took me to the homescreen of my phone. I was surprised. Please help me as I don't want to loose this game and my progress. Please suggest what to do.......", "Just started playing, controls seem fine, cute graphics. I don't mind ads - that's how they keep game play FREE. \ud83d\ude01 People are hilarious and comments even moreso. \ud83e\udd23", "i have soooooooo many issues with this game freezing in mid air can not make the jump the wrost thing is when i get in the game there is a screen that whats me to comfime my age and then it takes me to a red screen an then the game kicks me out of the game", "Level 70 is very difficult, how can we pass the fire, if the fire is on the right and left side? Everytime want to play, why need poison? it mean only can play 5 times.", "i love this game cuz u can shoot and the jumping on the main character girl is so cute and i love this game so thats why im going to rate it now bc its so awsome thanks Creator for making this game i love your game! oh and i love the dubble jump to!", "stage 9 got stuck, there were areas i could not rescue pups no platforms", "the following URL Adobe systems w the first one was hurt the best of Ty", "The game is awesome and is challenging it does freeze occasionally but otherwise awesome", "i love it so much.. its amaaaazing \u2764\ufe0f", "my daughter love's this game and the movie", "every time i pass a level an ad pops up", "I love this game is very funny saying and I love the movie 2", "is more funny \ud83d\ude33\ud83d\ude07 when you lose but try this game is too funny funny funny funny\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude05\ud83d\ude36\ud83d\ude17\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude10\ud83c\udf0b\ud83c\udf0b\ud83c\udf0b\ud83c\udf0b\ud83c\udf0b\ud83c\udf0b\ud83c\udf0b\ud83c\udf0b\ud83c\udf0b\ud83c\udf0b\ud83c\udf0b\ud83c\udf0b\ud83c\udf0b\ud83c\udf0f\ud83c\udf0b\ud83c\udf0b\ud83c\udf0b\ud83c\udf0b\ud83c\udf0b\ud83c\udf0b\ud83c\udf0b I go crazy for that game", "I love it so much jush eh on how many characters in the game. I just want to play as Dracula.", "ok game but far to many ads", "I would've given it 5 stars but to many ads. every level you finish they make you match an ad.", "game is fine but this add shows up and i can't proceed with the game. the cross button is overlapped by advertisement. pls help.", "this game is cute and fun.", "it is a good game but the controls are a bit stiff.But it is not much of a issue.", "\u2b05\ufe0f\u27a1\ufe0f\u2b06\ufe0f\ud83d\udd77\ufe0f\ud83d\udd78\ufe0f\ud83d\udc80\ud83d\udc7b Bu oyun benimbazen sinirime gidiyo ama yinede eylnceli geliyo", "Not Fair .. that i have to wait for lives to play again n rest the gems i have used i didn't get them again", "this game is totally awesome I love it wish you guys can be where I'm at in this game", "I love this game so much!!! Please make more, I'm a big fan of the series!!", "it is so much fun you should get this game.", "to many adds and not enough lives", "great game love the detail", "This game is really fun!", "it's not bad it's perfect\u2764\ud83d\udc44\u263a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\udc36!", "wow a game designed to cuck kids, you've outdone yourselves!", "i love this game and l guess love this game so so so so much", "i like it because it's skery", "this is nice game but the leveles in word 4 is very diffucolt please easy the but im unistall the game", "good game", "would be five stars if not so many ads", "you gyes are aweome", "Fun and freaky game", "great game for kids!", "this game is fun", "I think it is very fun\ud83d\udc9d\ud83d\udc9d\ud83d\udc9d", "good job!\ud83d\ude0a", "love it! Active!", "love playing this game", "itmis the best game!!!!!!!\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01", "i love this game \ud83d\ude4c", "it's very addictive", "awe", "ok", "it is grate", "cute game \ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude0a", "\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01", "it soooo cool", "best game\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "awesome game", "fun and hard", "great game", "I love it", "Good game", "great game", "It is fun", "it is really fun", "good game", "cool", "\ud83d\ude3b\ud83d\ude3b\ud83d\ude3b\ud83d\ude3b\ud83d\ude3b\ud83d\ude3b\ud83d\ude3b\ud83d\ude3b\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "I love this game \u2665\ufe0f\u2665\ufe0f\u2665\ufe0f\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\u2665\ufe0f\u2665\ufe0f\ud83d\ude0d\u2665\ufe0f\ud83d\ude0d\u2665\ufe0f\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "I love this game. This is the most amazing game that I have ever seen \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "awesome", "satisfaction", "i love it", "love it", "gooooood", "fun", "it's fun and enjoyable and i like the music. However, I've twice now ran into an issue where the game freezes on the loading screen with the Hotel Symbol. The first time it did this the only solution was to uninstall the App then reinstall it. Doing so resulted in me losing all my progress. I've now...Full Review", "I was loving the game until i got to level 19. At the start of starting the app it now stays stuck on the bat symbol with the music playing for over a mintue then knocks me out.This experience was before and after the update done recently.", "I love your game the only problem is that when I tap the ad button to revive it make me watch a ad two times. please take that off so that more people will like I. but besides that and a couple of glitches it is great!", "phenomenal! the graphics are amazing the game plays very easy to understand love the movie and then looking for a nice interactive game like this but it's overheating my phone is on fortunately I have to uninstall only a three month old Galaxy Note 9 brand new", "It crushed, then I uninstaled it and it bring me back to level one and I was faaaaar from that. It doesn't work well...", "I love the game, it's a lot of fun but can be massing for a 68 year old that can't move as fast as the younger generation and I die a lot, but ( STILL A LOT OF FUN )", "The concept is good, but it's a very difficult game! I thought this was meant for kids. There are a lot of ads, and you can't play for very long at a time, cause you only have 5 energy, even if you win a level. And apparently there aren't that many levels.", "enjoyable game. would be move if we could get coins whenever we have renovated a whole room, like when guests stay in the room.. so it's more fun to renovate the rooms..", "Sometime jump didn't work game, s next level can't open without finishing last one.... I can't select my own character", "I love the game because there are obstacles that you need to pass and you get a challenge yourself and you can show your skills so I give this game 5 stars and 1st place", "they need more controls i couldn't even get past the first level correctly because of my mousepad! it's idiotic", "It's very good because there is alot of levels I am on level 3 I am excited for level 4 and there is alot of enemeis that you go through.", "its or some but the reason why I missed a ster is because i need more poshons to play one game and i want the ather monsters", "The game is fun enough but I cant play very long since I only have 5 bottles of energy. costs an energy win or lose. uninstalling since I cant play long enough at any one time to make it worth it.", "really enjoy the game, but it needs more than 4 floors. please consider adding more floors.", "The gameplay is alright. The graphics are from a 1997 flash game and way to many ads man", "sjsj dog who should of told you I don't think we have anything going to the gym after Europe for a bit to see Mom Cell", "Fun game but I just wish that the game will not deduct the available life if I win a level.", "i don't like this app just kidding I love this game", "Love this game! Awesome graphics. Decent music. Progressively challengingly. 5 stars!", "the controls are just bad. The avatar won't move.", "5 stars its awesome sometimes it has free character time but u still have to pay 40 gems though", "Boom Drac-a-laca, this game's for the Hotel Transylvania fans. Loved the graphics. Fun controlling Mavis and friends\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01", "this thing is the special game i ever seen in my life", "i really hated this game and it was my favitee movie", "I love this game but every time I go near the green bug I get scared!arrrrrrrrr!", "question about how the government has made the right decisions and what do we do with it I'm going back and forth and I will get back with a salad he said mate and then use it tonite and I 6from and the peice are going out for alittle and the other one will come get me a few minutes later on a wed 6...Full Review", "I love this game .at first I didn't know were the shooter was.", "Fun game, more for younger kids but keeps me entertained.", "great game. challenging at times. keep up the good work.", "Lol the pros who made this game shoe have a lot of money like 1089763", "hi my name is telisha l love this game", "very fun a little hard when the zombies are there but fairly easy", "love this ga. me", "this app is so addicting try it\ud83e\udd29\ud83d\ude0d", "A PERFECT GAME LOVE IT", "something I don't like about this game is this is the third time I'm downloading it every time I say install it says free space and you need to delete something to download this one I think Games should be like that I said stop but then when I come back for it's not installing I think you guys shoul...Full Review", "It's too good.When I play I reminde the movie hotel transylvania,but this game is not smooth!", "great game play!", "It's hard to climb over the fences so I am deleting it", "lots of fun. very addictive. just too little lives", "I love it its entertaining and understandable and yeah I like it", "it could be really fun , do alittle tweeking", "Its good but I dont get it.\ud83d\ude10", "it is a fun game to play. I love it.", "I am giving it a 4 because I really like the game but there is too meny ads.", "This game is nothing like the ad. You just run the whole time", "nice 1 , easy to play", "great game so far", "it's good but tooooo much ads it's just annoying", "can't stop playing it", "good game for kids", "Perfect in every way", "LOVE the music, its so mysterous and cool,and good animation,easy controls, you should love it\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude01\ud83e\udd23\ud83d\ude03\ud83e\udd23\ud83d\ude03", "it is amazing and fun and easy to control", "love this game. absolute fun and amazing graphics", "it ok .not to bad.", "Very fun and addictive!", "Es un juego muy bueno me gust\u00f3!", "I put three star's", "is gooood game almost great", "I like this so much that I never want to stop playing this game", "would be 5 stars if not for the ads. very frustrated when your in the middle of a jump", "this game is amazing people come download game and back of haters", "i love it just HATE ALL THE ADS", "they are very cute\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "i like the game, but toooooo much ads", "How many levels is there?", "i like this game cause its like an obby", "I love this game so much\ud83d\ude16", "PLAY NOW DALTON FOR FREE", "I can't get enough of this game!!! I love it!!!", "This is full of fun and time passing game \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02", "good so far", "I love this game so much!\ud83d\ude04", "it's so amazing", "its fun but the items are kind of expansive", "Super cute characters as well as fun gameplay ! Id advise anyone to give it a try !!", "fun and interesting.", "I Blood This Zome", "I'm having so much fun...\u2764", "it's a cool game and real fun", "like it very much!!", "game keeps pausing", "I like it I love it", "too many ads", "It was a fun and challenging game is is like a survival game\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03!!!!!!!!!", "I have loved \u2764\ufe0f it", "love it cant stop playing!!!!!", "\u0627\u0643\u062a\u0631 \u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u0628\u0634\u064a\u0639\u0647 \u0644\u0648 \u0627\u0634\u062a\u063a\u0644\u062a \u0647\u0627 \u0627\u062d\u062a\u0644\u0647\u0627 5 stars", "i like it !", "It's an awesome game I would definitely recommend it to others", "its boring", "It is my favourite game. l like it very much", "its very fun and adventurest", "lovely and amazingggggggg", "so mucch funplayit", "Bit of fun to pass the time", "this game is amazing , cheerful, i loved the soundtracks .. great work actually", "grandson love playing this game", "stupid game.", "hey guys are doing well and good luck with that said I", "i love the game keep on making more games like this!", "Ghriop hedsa", "Addicting in a great way.", "very haaaaaarrrrrrddddddd!!!!!", "fun just to many ads and not enough ways to get extra lives", "I love running and games specially Hotel Transylvania", "it is so scary fun", "Great game my 3yr old loves it!", "veryy cuteee/~", "\u2665\ufe0f\u2665\ufe0f\u2665\ufe0f\u2665\ufe0f\u2665\ufe0f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\ude08\ud83d\ude08\ud83d\udc79\ud83d\udc79", "its so fun i love this game", "hard levels", "nice ...cut the ads", "very fun game it's very addictive...", "i am very much enjoy that game love this game", "fun to play!!...", "very nice and entertaining game. ilove it", "I Love it so so so so so so much.", "\ud83d\ude00", "brilliant and lots of fun", "good game fun", "it a very fun game", "Nice gameplay for kids", "this approach is addicting", "this game is the best you should download it", "pretty fun my daughter loves it", "very good but to many adds"], "The Frostrune": ["I am stunned. I thought it was going to be a good game from the start because of the beautiful art but everything exceeded my expectations! The scenery is honestly so pretty I would just stop and imagine myself in the beautiful world and ponder. The music surprised me as well, it's so full of feelin...Full Review", "Fantastic game, especially for being free! Gameplay is simple enough not to be frustrating, but difficult enough to be engaging. Graphics are amazing. The voice acting is wonderful & adds a lot to the over-all feeling. I also appreciate that the parts of the game that use music or voices as part of ...Full Review", "i love this game so far. i usually dont play point and clicks but this one grabbed my attention. As someone who follows these gods it means a lot the level of detail and research that went into this game. Will this ever be available for PC though? i Love playing it but sadly my phone is not strog en...Full Review", "This was breathtaking from the beginning to the end. Beautiful language, mesmerizing singing (I'm still not over those rad warrior vocalizations :D), not to mention stunning art, intense storytelling and interesting intuitive gameplay. I really wish I could give it 100 stars it deserves. Developers,...Full Review", "The graphics are too good. Especially when you reach certain points and can suddenly communicate with spirits. It's amazing. If you're looking for casual adventures for android, this game does the job. Yes, the hints are given, but you are adviced to solve things yourself till you can't get any logi...Full Review", "The story was good, loved the myth. I assume it was based on real Norse \nmyth. The graphics were excellent. I found the game engrossing. Had a hard \ntime stopping because I wanted to find the next clue. The clues were not \ntoo cryptic yet difficult enough to keep me from being bored. Didn't have \nto...Full Review", "This is so far, 2018, one of the most stunning games I've had the privilege to play. Upon opening it I decided that I was going to record my play through and let others see how gorgeous this game is. I get excited to play it. The puzzles are challenging and really make you think while the graphics a...Full Review", "Such cultural pieces are so rare and it takes a lot of work and care to represent it properly so other people get interested to learn more about the lore and the actual history connected with it. Beautifully done and puzzles are hard enough to make you think but they are absolutely logical and solva...Full Review", "LOVED the story. I'm a huge fan of Viking/Scandinavian culture so I enjoyed \nthe game. The only thing I wasn't fond of, was how to get around and back \nto places. It would've been easier if you could just pick a place on the \nmap once you discovered it. Other than that, I loved it. Long enough to \nk...Full Review", "Between the imagery, the score, the story, history, and accessibility, this \nis a beautifully composed game. Meeting the spirits of the four warriors \nfor the first time had quite an effect! The game is easy enough for players \nof all skill levels, with hints included so one needn't wander around \na...Full Review", "So good I can't believe it's free and without ads! The graphics are incredible, and the music is breathtaking (I highly recommend playing with headphones, just to fully enjoy it). The story is fairly short, but well-told, with some really cool voice acting. Puzzles are somewhat challenging at times,...Full Review", "OH ME LAWD. It's been such a long time since i found a game on play store that i could label \"good\". The art style is beautiful, story was captivating but my favorite part was the audio. Sound effects are amazing, the voices i could listen to all day although i don't know what language that was. Is ...Full Review", "This is a classic point and click adventure game based on Norse mythology. Beautiful graphics, atmospheric sound, music and voice-overs. No stupid hidden object puzzles like in so many other point and click games nowadays, this game is reminiscent of Myst. I really missed a map with teleportation fe...Full Review", "Wow! Truly an amazing game! I can't believe it is completely free because the graphics, storyline and the sound effects are superb! Played it in loudspeaker and my hubby kept asking how much I paid for it, and couldn't believe I didn't. If it had, I would have gladly paid for it! The only thing I do...Full Review", "A beautifully presented game with some really tricky puzzles. incredibly well made, haunting music. This is so close to a truly epic game. Some may love this (I am one of those) but, I can see why others wouldn't. Do NOT underestimate the sheer amount of time and effort that has obviously gone into ...Full Review", "Beautifully done.  Art is wonderful and story engaging.  Difficult at times but not undoable and the puzzle solutions make sense- more than a lot of games can say.   Pay attention and be patient and you can do this game.   It's easy to miss a few items so if you find yourself stuck, go back through ...Full Review", "It's honnestly been such a long time since I had that much fun playing a mobile game. The atmosphere is thrilling, the story is great, the graphics are perfect and the music is incredibly good. I can't help but praise this game. It must be because I'm really into Norse mythology but nonetheless, it ...Full Review", "Definitely recommend it, everything from the graphics to the storyline are \ndone so well. It's a puzzle game but it's straightforward enough that \nanyone could complete it. If you get stuck there's enough hints to help you \nthrough the whole game, and they're all free! Which brings me to my next \npo...Full Review", "The other reviews are spot on, brilliant game, just wish it was longer! \nDefinitely worth the time to play! No ads, no IAPs, puzzles make you think \n(I have to admit to using a couple of the free and quite helpful hints) but \nthey're far from infuriating. It really is a beautiful game, amazing \nartw...Full Review", "The best game I have ever played in Google Play so far. I mean it. The game feels so real. It's like you are in it. Very rarely you come across games like this. Awesome storyline and graphics. Sound effects were top notch. Had goosebumps couple of times during the play. Both thumbs up to the develop...Full Review", "It is a truly beautiful game. The scenery is gorgeous and the gameplay is simple. The story is interesting and the music and dialogue are wonderful to hear. The dialogue is subtitled as it is in (presumably) Norse (don't quote me on that) but it gives you plenty of time to read along and is lovely t...Full Review", "This is such a beautiful game... I've ever come across... The storyline is \nwell written, the hints, patterns are well thought out. Loved the graphics, \nthe sound effects, the voices , everything. This game was successful to \nimmerse me deeply into it and forget that this is actually a game!! I got ...Full Review", "I don't normally rate apps or games, but this one left me in awe! What a \nfantastic game! As a student of Norse mythology and shamanism, I can only \nsay this game is well researched and a pleasure to play. There just isn't \nenough \"intelligent\" games out there like this one... Games that engage \nyou...Full Review", "Warning: there are jump scares in this game. Not super awful but if you're easily startled like me then proceed with caution.   I really liked this game. Clearly a lot of thought and love went into it. There's some very chilling (forgive thep pun) atmosphere, lovely art, impressive sound, and just e...Full Review", "This is a gorgeous, atmospheric Viking inspired game involving runes and \nconcepts of the spirit world. I do not have much background in Norse \nmythology, so cannot comment on faithfulness to lore, but this was a lovely \nway to explore concepts and hear a language other than my own (possibly \nNorse ...Full Review", "The graphics and sound are certainly stunning. However, the gameplay was \nlacking. The puzzles weren't challenging enough - it was largely about \ntouching the right items rather than really having to think through a \nproblem. And it suffered from the common point and click adventure issue of \nrequir...Full Review", "Beautiful game, pretty simple actually but weaves the story really well (no pun intended). The spirit world concept is awesome. The spirit graphics, overall art and the music are wonderful. A click to find game that's actually enjoyable. And best of all, it's free with no annoying ads and comes with...Full Review", "Dear creators of Frostrune, I don't quite know how to write this review. Never have I ever been so spellbound by a game before. One thing I can say with absolute certainty that the creators of this game are truly passionate about the Norse culture otherwise they wouldn't have been able to create suc...Full Review", "Would rate five stars if I wasn't forced to listen to several minutes of dialog that just sounds like gibberish. The text is provided and MUCH quicker to read than it takes the people to \"speak.\" Why not let us just read at our own pace and then click when we're finished?", "There is no real way to make this short.  To tell you the art is nice would be a lie, it's absolutely beautiful. Better than walking into a painting. If it weren't for the antagonist I'd try to live in this game. The sounds are lovely, haunting, and make the game that much more appealing.  My favori...Full Review", "Beautifully done devs!! Story is engaging, so much attention to detail in all the art, and the music is haunting and just gorgeous. Loved it immensely!! No ads which was a big shock considering the quality, and free hints available if you get stuck. Sad its over so soon but I hope to see other proje...Full Review", "Bravo! This game is amazing. The story is really cool, accentuated by the fact that the in game spoken language is some Nordic tounge, which lends to a more submersive feel. There are subtitles in your chosen language of course. Great puzzle game. Some difficulty, but I made it through using only on...Full Review", "My respect to the developers for making such a high quality game that is challenging yet enjoyable and completely free. There were no ads, no in app purchases, hints are free and most importantly, not a single time I was prompted to rate the game! That probably was because it didn't need to as their...Full Review", "I love playing escape games. Have played many like Haiku, Rusty Lake etc. But you guys have set the bar. A mythological story based upon the mystery world of 'Bifrost', 'Odin' & 'Thor'. Great graphics, storyplay, background music, easy controls & that song.. all that with free hints for each chapter...Full Review", "This is a beautiful point & click adventure. A lot of care has been taken to give this game a Norse mythology look and feel. The music and scenery are stunning, and the puzzles, while not rocket science, may have you looking  around for in-game solutions. To those bemoaning the amount of running aro...Full Review", "I LOVED this game. Took me maybe an hour or two to beat it and I did use the hints a couple times. So much work went into this! The chanting music from the ghosts is gorgeous, the art is beautiful and I love how much of the artifacts and lore were put into it. I only wish there was another one or th...Full Review", "Epic game!  I don't really leave reviews, but when I do I'm either really upset or really impressed. And in this case...  I'M IMPRESSED!!!!!!!!!!  One of the best puzzle games on mobile by far! A bit short though, I finished it in 4 hours. Great! Don't want to spoil much! Though... just make sure yo...Full Review", "Great game! It's stunning and has interesting mechanics for puzzles. The moving backwards button can be a bit annoying, and sometimes I wasn't sure when there was something new at an old location. This made me have to constantly search the map for newly appearing clues or when puzzles start. Otherwi...Full Review", "I cannot love this game more than I already do. The story is captivating, with great puzzles throughout. I won't lie, a few were difficult, I was forced to use hints. The game is surprisingly free, with a distinct lack of payment or advertising. This is a proper game that could be a PC game. This is...Full Review", "THIS GAME WAS SO INTENSE, IT SHOOKT ME! Like its feel was that of Skyrim or something. I loved how it gave my goosebumps and chills and thrilled me! 10/10 for me. Spent my whole day trying to place this game wherever I went. From SNR, my lola's house, had to pause a lot of times, then finally finish...Full Review", "Honestly one of the best games I have played on my phone. I was addicted \nfrom the start. The premise is awesome and although the story was short, it \nwas challenging enough to make me stop and think. The hints in the menu \nwere also SO helpful. The graphics are beautiful and the controls were \nsimp...Full Review", "A really beautiful and atmospheric little game with an interesting storyline and a fair few puzzles. I only wish there was more - of this and this kind of game. I like the availability of hints (though in one case is of found references to locations for one of the ghosts handy). I sort of can't beli...Full Review", "This is an amazing work of ART and no game at all. Only one problem: it's too short. I even watched all credits just to be in that game longer. Absolutely beautiful. The music, the design of environment and characters - everything here works for a story, which is not too complicated but capturing. I...Full Review", "Just wow!  I can not believe that such an amazing game was free. Amazing graphics and game play just the right difficulty level.  I needed to revert to the hints a few time when I really couldn't see what to do next.  Definitely worth playing.  I will be recommending this to several people I know wh...Full Review", "Very well done all the way through from start to finish. Stunning visuals and sound. Great Nordic storyline & challenging mystery adventure puzzle game. Awesome built in hints will take you by the hand all the way if you get stuck.  Bring paper and pen for notes, and a charger in case you have a har...Full Review", "Not only does this game look beautiful but so is the story, history, \nsounds, and just about everything else you could think of. The mechanics \nare intuitive and the pacing is good. I'd recommend this game to anyone \nwho's looking to get the cool Viking feel while traversing an unknown area \nof myst...Full Review", "love it.. took me about 6 hours to play and I got stumped a few times. the story line was great and kept me interested. for being a free game, it was better than a lot of hidden object puzzle games I've played. it's not so much of a hidden object game but a lot like others. worth the play and time!", "I just completed your game and I loved it. The artwork and the historical accuracy were astounding. The music was also breathtaking and allowed me to fully immerse myself in the game. The puzzles were challenging enough to require my full attention but not so difficult that a player would get frustr...Full Review", "Wow where can I start with this? The graphics are just awesome. The runes and \"character\" design are very good looking. The animations are great. Overall, this is a beautiful game. The whole spirit world thing is a really neat mechanic. I love the simplicity of the gameplay. It's great because the p...Full Review", "I am really enjoying this game. The graphics are beautiful, the game is challenging and keeps my interest,l. I agree with others that a teleport map would of been great. What I am enjoying the most about this game are the sounds, especially the voice overs. That language! Such a treat for the ears. ...Full Review", "This game was absolutely stunning. I played it in one sitting. I would, and \nwill, easily play it again. It makes your brain really think, yet the lore \nis so amazing that it just entrances you. I don't typically like games like \nthis, either the controls suck, the story is crappy, or the graphics i...Full Review", "I play alot of adventure games and puzzle games and escape game. And i \nfound this to include all 3. And i must say with the story line and the \ngame play and the nice graphics. And the attention to detail through out \nthe entire journey. I rate this game from begining to end the BEST GAME IVE \nFOUN...Full Review", "Dark and mysterious, this game is kind of lonely as you meet no one but ghosts and those are few and far between. I'll admit I needed a fair bit of hints as not everything is that obvious, so prob not for a beginner looking for a casual game. Good effort put in to make historical fiction (I don't kn...Full Review", "With all the glowing reviews, I thought I'd be impressed. Unfortunately, I wasn't. I found the logic on many puzzles lacking and much of the story forced. I play many point-and-click puzzle solvers with my granddaughter and, though we finished, by the end we were just trying to get through so we cou...Full Review", "The game's Graphics and Design along with the music was fantastically constructed. Leaveing me with hours of entertainment and fun. The whole historical piece of it made the game very exciting. Along with the game being free there was no ads and the puzzles were not too difficult to figure out. The ...Full Review", "WOW.  I was expecting the awesome graphics, but the story kept me hooked, the music was a treat, some parts were also a bit scary (seemingly), but it gave the game play more depth. It really felt like a discovery every time. I LOVED that the appmakers used Icelandic (I'm not sure if that was the lan...Full Review", "Fewdownfall... its too short and why do you need access to my pictures and location? Permission red flagged for me at the begging but figured id finish the game and uninstall it, as i have now. Great graphics and awesome storyline. Want more levels and maybe a map as a button on the menu tab???", "Amazing production value. All of the developers should be proud of their \nwork. The rich story, graphics, music... Just wonderful. I just finished \nthe game, and I am hoping the hinted sequel comes out soon. I still can't \nbelieve the game is completely free given its quality. Thank you so much, \ngu...Full Review", "I really loved this game! Sadly I finished it within 3 hours. I actually have played it three times already and will probably play it a couple more times! I really wish that there is/or will be a sequel (spoiler??) to see what the seer states at the end. I will keep an eye out, this is the most accu...Full Review", "This is what can happen when a country devotes resources to the arts. That's why a game of such high quality is free for us. Good on you Norway. I'm interested in looking at the other games the Norwegian council for the arts helped sponsor. Loved the old Norse speech. It's a beautiful, engaging, and...Full Review", "I'll be honest, all I expect is a game with a really good graphic and an okay overall. But this? This blow my mind! Yes I expect the graphic to be good, but this is just stunning! The atmosphere created during the game is eerily beautiful. The audio fits extremely well and I love the fact that you g...Full Review", "Very well put together. Finished it pretty quickly but it left me wanting more! Got stuck at the horse rune so I set the game down for a couple hours. I was telling a family member about the game when the answer jumped into my head and I couldn't wait to check if I was right. Everything you need is ...Full Review", "Its a beautiful piece of game. I love the interaction. Though the last part is a tad bit scary. But overall, it's amazing. I was expecting it to have an in app purchase halfway through. But the entire game is free and they even provide you small hints to help you through. I couldn't be more grateful...Full Review", "The storyline is incredibly intriguing, pulling the player in. The soundtrack is calming and extremely well done; I could listen to it for hours. The scenery is absolutely outstanding and beautiful! The puzzles are not too hard, yet not too easy either. And, if you do get stuck, the hints are very h...Full Review", "The game so far has been great but I'm not sure if I maybe have a bug? The \nWolf Part 3, hint 54 makes total sense but the game itself doesn't let me \ncarry out the task. It's like it's frozen... So bleak, I'm dead keen to \nfinish the journey :(", "Edit: 4 stars as it runs perfectly on my old tablet (was crashing on Moto \nG5S 64GB). Able to finish--love the game! Frequent crashes (seconds-->a \nminute+); 1 causing me to lose required items and another crash resetting \nthe app/progress. Love the art, storyline, music. Please fix the bugs. I'd \nh...Full Review", "I know I'm not really that descriptive, but this game is honestly the best I've played in a long time. The story is amazing, the graphics are amazing, the voice acting is amazing! Everything is amazing! The only problem I have is that you have to constantly run from one end of the place to the next,...Full Review", "Gorgeous music and even better graphics. Not an easy game, but there's loads of clues available.  Last game I played with such devastatingly gorgeous graphics was many years ago...had almost given up hope such fantastical games existed any longer. BRAVO!", "I loved everything about this game. It is challenging, lovely I felt I learnt new things about Scandinavian history. It is a game that makes you feel enriched when playing it. There were problems when moving from screen to screen the game exited a lot. But it is such a minor thing that this didn't a...Full Review", "This game has the most amazing graphics. It's so beautifully drawn and the storyline is great. My only gripe is that to \"travel\", there is no way to go faster other than clicking back all the way to go to another place that's far away. Also, the hints are sometimes hard to understand, yet sometimes ...Full Review", "One of the best games I have played in a long time. The puzzles were not tio easy to solve but also not so hard that hints were needed. It is possible to play this game without hints, as the game itself gives some structure/reference that allows puzzles to be solved with a bit of thinking (not luck,...Full Review", "Yes, the graphics are pretty.  However, the game crashes constantly. I uninstalled then re-installed making sure to (reluctantly) allowing access to my location and photos.  This effort proved to be a waste of time as the app continues to crash or freeze every few minutes.  I really wanted to like t...Full Review", "Could be a great game except... Kept crashing every couple minutes.  When it wasn't crashing, would lose the controls and had to go to main menu then back to playing.  Still kept playing due to great graphics and storyline.  Then, at about 90 percent done the game, it lost all savegame permanently! ...Full Review", "Absolutely loved it! It's a gem for those players who'd like similar \nmystery games with stunning graphics and beautiful background sound. What \nmakes it more addicting is that it's completely free! Those are really hard \nto come by for players who can't afford purchased games. But it's so good. \nAm...Full Review", "What a great storyline! I loved it! Only took me an hour or so to beat, and I couldn't pull myself away! The puzzles made sense and built on one another really well! There were only a couple of moments when I got stuck, but the hint system is set up really nicely (hints that are beyond your point in...Full Review", "I have played many of these point and click adventure games and this is one of the best. it was hard enough to be challenging, but not so hard that I was stonewalled. I did have to refer to hints a few times, but I appreciate that they _were_ hints, just simple nudges in the right direction and not ...Full Review", "This is the best adventure game I've played.  If you are into fantasy or mytholgy it is great.  I found it very challenging but not ridiculous.  I don't think the hints should be called that.  They are more of a guide for navigating your way. I couldn't have done this game without them .  They give ...Full Review", "Very beautiful and very difficult game. And also very slow, second part of the game I used hints all the time just to find out what happens in the end, got tired of solving puzzles and walking. Some things were hard to find even using hints. I loved sounds, singing(!) and voices, and beautiful langu...Full Review", "Guys, where are the donations? I cannot believe this stunning game is free! I just spent the whole day playing... That's really awesome! Same happened to me in early 2000s, when games were just games, but not a money drain... But this... I am speechless! Love the graphics, the sound, especially sing...Full Review", "Interesting concept, but the game won't even run for a solid minute. Every few clicks it just crashes to my home screen and I have to manually close the app and restart it to make it work for another couple of clicks. If it works for you, awesome. I hope you enjoy it. For me, though, it's utterly un...Full Review", "This game was absolutely breathtaking. The art, the music, the feel, the whole game was well done throughout and I wish there was more! Its a short game with NO in game purchases, hints are FREE if you get lost (and the hints dont ruin the game!) I loved this game so much. Please make a sequel thats...Full Review", "The only problem with this game is it leaves you wanting more! Lol. Really, it's a great game. Graphics are awesome, and I played it to the end not seeing any ads of any kind to interrupt the experience! 5 stars to the developers, but please, make more games like this, it's super. (PS you can comple...Full Review", "Beautifully done!  Sound, voice acting, music, art, and story were all excellent and unique.  Easy mechanics, excellent in game hint (true hints, not solutions) system, and interesting puzzles.  Those with poor short term memory should invest in a notebook and pen to jot reminders in or to document ...Full Review", "The game itself is brilliant - beautifully animated, thoughtfully laid out, and based in a fascinating mythology that few people know.  I can only give three stars, sadly, because the game crashed every couple of minutes while I was playing. Sometimes I'd only be in the game a few seconds, it it wou...Full Review", "This is one of the best point and click games that I played in a long time. Art is beyounde beautiful, story is interesting. I can't understand how such quality game can be free? Snow Cannon Games I hope that you guys keep that good work, and earn lots of money on other projects. You really deserve ...Full Review", "I absolutely love this freaking game! And it's free! How can this be free?! The graphics are amazing. Every new place has something mystical to it. The sound is fantastic. The music is so great... I'm actually going to try and see if I can download the songs the men are singing. The story is very in...Full Review", "This game was amazing. There is a lot of walking around, and the hints are just hints, not answers, so it can get a bit frustrating, but for me, this made it more interesting. You do have to give the game permission to modify your files, or it won't run, but this is for the autosave. I found no issu...Full Review", "I'll keep the review like the game... Short & Sweet! Game itself is great, gameplay is fun & puzzles were interesting. my biggest gripe is the length of the game. I've had it installed less than a day & I have already finished it. It was over far to quickly. Also.. Given the type of game, what's the...Full Review", "This game is AMAZING. A BEAUTIFUL storyline with stunning visuals, and the hints help immensely when you're stuck. Unlike other point and clicks you'll find on the appstore, this game is genuine, and doesn't have any annoying pop up adds. It's just you, your mind, and the secrets you must unravel. I...Full Review", "Excellent (top of the line) storyline, great sound effects, and puzzles made sense.  The only drawback was all the running around. In your next game Please make a map and it doesn't have to be to teleport there it just has to show how to get to visited locations.", "Seems way too well made for a free game. Minus a star for all the wandering around and trying to remember where to find things. It would help to have a journal so I didn't have to constantly screenshot clues or a map so at least I wouldn't keep taking the wrong route.", "I really enjoyed it, even though I have to admit that I had a hanger and was close to give up. Sometimes the riddles overlay the story a little, but most of the time it creates a great atmosphere. Only annoying thing is that you have to walk back and forth pretty often to solve all the riddles. Howe...Full Review", "I give it 3 stars for beautiful graphics, the rest fails. It's just a pretty, but uninteresting blah game to me that screams boring. No Instructions and hints stink. The overwhelming reviews that only speak about the graphics makes me think reviewers are young or the reviews are bogus.", "Awesome awesome graphics. Everything is so real and serious props for every small detail. The gameplay made sense unlike a lot of other point and click games. I was pleasantly surprised that the world is quite big since this is a free app. Would love to play a sequel to this. Dragon?? Woah! ^^", "Oh. My. God. What an incredible game! You guys have done an amazing job on this. The art is beautiful, the plot deep and intriguing and the sound and music is absolutely gorgeous. I was blown away. How refreshing to come across a game developer that wants to make great games and not withold parts of...Full Review", "There is no reason for this game to know my location. And it seems as though having denied it that, it will not start. Nope, not agreeing to off the wall permissions. I'd like to play, it looks great, but it has no reason to access the pictures on my phone, or my location. Uninstalling, which is no ...Full Review", "Beautiful design and singing. Rotting corpses with worms on them here and there. Half baked puzzles that don't make sense. The whole time spent walking around aimlessly to figure out what to do next. Hint system poorly made. Sometimes even hints are useless. I really wanted to like this game but it'...Full Review", "This is a very good game in every way. However I am stuck on the part where \nit say I have to get the clue from the children's playground to unlock a \nchest in the cave under(?) The rock. I have been trying to figure it out \nbut it is proving difficult for me to understand. Other than that it is a \n...Full Review", "It's a classic point and click game that has the advantage of lovely visuals and a story that incorporates mythology and history in an engaging way. It has some gruesome imagery that really just helps put the story in its historical context. Sadly it suffers the classic issues of clunky navigation, ...Full Review", "Absolutely fantastic game!!! I enjoyed it so much! I got stuck a couple of times and used the hints, but there's no fun if it's too easy. It's such a great concept, I loved the art, the story and the songs. I even watched the credits at the end. The only downside is that it is over. Btw, thank you s...Full Review", "Wrote a glowing review, but had to come back to rewrite after skimming a few other reviews. With all due respect to people's opinions I cannot believe anyone could drop numerous stars for something so small as not being able to skip dialog! The script was wonderful and having it in Norwegian (Norse?...Full Review", "One of the best mobile games I've had the pleasure to play. The atmosphere in this is amazing. The music is wonderful, the puzzles are smart but with very logical solutions (so no overly obscure solutions to keep you running around in circles). The story itself shines in it's simplicity. It was imme...Full Review", "Got a bit confusing at times but all and all good graphics and amazing details is there a part two out or even in the making? Please say yes! I think a part two to how you ended the game would be perfect I really wanna see how you would interprete a dragon", "Brilliant but not sure why it needs access to my location. Also would have like the ability to play my own music whilst playing, although could argue not being able to made the game more immersive :) Great game in all, really enjoyed. Don't use hints, much more fun.", "Controls were a bit of a hassle, having to go back and forth between screens just to go to a different place. But overall it was GREAT. The art was beautiful, the ambience was great, and the difficulty level was just right. The hints kinda make you go \"why didn't i think of that?\". Add to that the f...Full Review", "Lovely graphics. Nice music. I love escape puzzle type of games, and have probably tried all of them, but somehow I just couldn't get behind its gameplay. Normally if I get stuck, I'll use a hint or find a walkthrough and continue. This game never generated that curiosity and interest. I don't even ...Full Review", "I was into this game and finished it in two days. The hints are really helpful. The graphics are good. I love the singing warriors and the puzzles are great. Not that hard but definitely challenging. If you are the type to play an RPG/Point-and-click game who keeps losing his way around the game loc...Full Review", "Fell in love as soon as the music played. Its just sad that because I was so hooked while playing it, I finished it in just a few hours. Would love to see more games like this from you!  I do have to add though that it would be extremely helpful to have a map when exploring. Other than that, Love it...Full Review", "Beautiful graphics and a great story. Game never crashed nor did I \nexperience any glitches. Navigation could have been a tad better if I \ncould've tapped a main map and chose destination. I beat the game in one \nday but really can't complain as it was free. Well done all around.", "This game has beautiful graphics and puzzles that are just the right level of difficulty to challenge but not annoy! The only thing I found myself wanting was a map bc I have a terrible memory! Great job Snow Cannon Games! I will be watching for whatever you do next!", "It's PERFECT. It's amazing! The artwork,  the music, the sheer time and effort that was put in this thing, I can't even... The puzzles and riddles are just right: difficult enough to be engaging but not so difficult that's it's impossible. There are enough small hints that you will never be stuck. I...Full Review", "It is a very good story/puzzle/adventure game. The visual and audio presentation was excellent. The user interface, albeit simplified as required by a touch-point game, with only a couple of minor issues, that is a screen tap position was more specific that I would have expected. The puzzles were, o...Full Review", "I usually don't make review. But this one is outstanding. A nice free to \nplay game. No ads. No in game purchase. Absolutely free. Graphs are really \nbeautiful. Gameplay is simple yet quite challenge full. Puzzles are not \nreally hard since we could see hint if we are stuck. Story is beautiful, \nand...Full Review", "Please fix this! I really want to play this game! I would probably give this game 5 stars if I could manage to play it for more than 2 minutes without it crashing.  That's not an exaggeration. It literally crashes within 2 minutes or less every time I try to play.  The graphics are stunning. I love ...Full Review", "Great game, with three flaws: First, way too much backtracking. Being able to instantly get back to certain key places would be awesome! Second, when in spirit mode, the game lags a lot. And finally, although the voice acting is superb, sometimes I get the feeling they talk way too slow, taking more...Full Review", "If you loved Myst, 7th Guest, 11th Hour, Gabriel Knight:The Force Within, then you are for a treat.. a feast of your senses.. a nice poke on your take of the Norse mythology.. brilliant gameplay, engaging plot and storyline.. not to mention poignant, haunting music..  Play it vet, your search for th...Full Review", "This is the  best, most amazing game with stupendous story line and vivid images and mind-blowing graphics as well as plethora of ever varing shades of hues and genre. I don't usually write reviews but this was worth it....seriously the best game I have ever played", "This is an amazing game, stunning visuals, the sound, the music, it is a really well done game. But I can't play it properly because it keeps on crashing everytime I play, the auto-save system saves me but still is unplayable. I would really like to immerse myself into this game but I can't. Please ...Full Review", "This game is eerily beautiful! The spirits and sounds were kinda scary but the graphics were superb. The challenges and riddles were not super complicated but they're challenging and fun to solve. I love that there were hints to help me solve some confusing parts. Kudos to all who made this awesome ...Full Review", "I just downloaded this today and it freezes everytime i try to open it. I even deleted and redownloaded it a second time and still just a black screen with a lines and a key stuck on it, it never goes past that... going to delete and try to redownload again for the 3rd time... hopefully that will fi...Full Review", "This game took me some really special imagination. I always wanted to play game like this. Sorry took some help from you tube to solve puzzles. the music of this game is bring some peace to my mind. graphics is like i am watching greatest horror movie. what a town. i felt like i was there for a mome...Full Review", "Read amazing reviews of the game and so I downloaded it. It needs permission to access all my files on my phone, including my gallery, and my location. Why? If it's simply a game why the requirement to know where I am and access to my information? Wouldn't function without those specs, which makes m...Full Review", "Great game, nice story I really enjoyed this game. It has beautiful \ngraphics, most of the puzzles are completely understandable and logical If \nyou ever get stuck, you may use a hint book given. I am sad that there is \nno part 2, yet.", "I downloaded this game yesterday and I just finished it. At first it was challenging, but I loved it to no end. The gameplay was on point, graphics were gorgeous, storyline was breathtaking, controls were perfect and the theme and music were just WOW! If you love mystery/adventure games, this is for...Full Review", "Well done! Excellent game! Very captivating! For those of you who whine and cry about getting lost or not being able to teleport, just stop playing games altogether.  About time for a game that doesn't just hold your hand the whole way through. Love the graphics, gameplay, music, story, and the fact...Full Review", "Whenever I am asked to allow my media files to be accessed, I tick the 'no' box, and here I did the same. Whether this was the problem, I can't say because I didn't head on I'm afraid, the introduction screen with the Runic Symbol was as far as I saw. The game wouldn't go any further. A shame as I l...Full Review", "Blown away. Top notch graphics, immersive sound (beautiful scoring) and an intriguing and interesting story arc. Would give 6/5 if possible. Great job guys, I hope to see more of your work in future!", "Very interesting story, beautiful graphics! Really enjoyed this and my teenage daughter did is as well. We look forward to more of ur stories! Please keep up the extraordinary games! We would definitely recommend it to everyone that likes to read and a challenge. This was lovely! It's been along tim...Full Review", "Nice story line, d art, background music was so \"mesmerized\" I'm not sure how to describe with words... But it's was so short.. needs more n more... Maybe others island... Thanks to you coz I can play a game that beautiful", "Pretty fun.  Like Myst from about 25 years ago.  I had to use the hints a few times (Like finding the staff).  Never would have figured it out otherwise.  Love the singing Vikings!  Those songs will haunt my dreams!", "Re-Edited---I love this game but I finally had to remove it from my phone.  I loved the game and would love to give it a 5 but it kept crashing and I just had to drop my three to a one.  I had to consistently restart the game and continue it.  It got tedious. The game kept taking away my equipment, ...Full Review", "Just finished this game and it is incredible! I was so impressed by the detail and accuracy of the norse culture it depicted. Small details like the beached whale called to mind the Icelanders' sagas and other Norse literature. Definitely a fun game for anyone but especially rewarding for those with...Full Review", "Truly beautiful looking game. Wonderful how the gameplay requires you to really think outside the box. Unlike many other similar games, you can't just tap the screen, you need to listen carefully to your guides and pay attention to the folklore to know where to go next... Fabulous...", "I've gotten pretty far in the game and I was finally unlocking the ravenschest and the game crashed. It keeps kicking me off. tried clearing my cash, tried rebooting my pc..no help. I would really like to continue playing, but unless this issue is resolved , I will most likely have to remove it...to...Full Review", "Good adventure that with some simple tweaks could be great. First speed up the movement between areas. Second make interactive objects and areas more apparent. Third speed up the dialog which drags on too long. Finally make each progressive step more clear instead of having the player hunt around fo...Full Review", "This thing is GORGEOUS! This is the first time im reviewing an app as far as I can remember, and they didn't even ask me to do it! The game is beautiful in every possible way. Breathtaking visuals, touching story, no annoying ads, wonderful background music/sounds, perfectly crafted puzzles and ridd...Full Review", "It is a fantasy tale in a Viking setting, with attributes from our old beliefs and traditions. Beautiful, interesting and one of those games you just want to play from start to end.  It helped a lot to know a bit of the old lore, I can see how this will be a lot more complicated otherwise. But it is...Full Review", "A really wonderful point and click adventure game with beautiful art and cool music.  Also, it is truly free, not \"free to play\" - there are no ads or in app purchases.  It's really atmospheric with fun puzzles and a built in walkthrough if you get stuck.  Well made and beautiful.", "Simply stunning. The graphics are beautiful, the story is compelling, the puzzles are not too challenging.  In all this is an atmospheric experience based on myth, that for no cost and with no interfering adverts, is an absolute must try! I really hope the developers come up with something similar i...Full Review", "Beautiful art, fiendish yet accessible puzzles, haunting and charming at \nthe same time, excellent soundtrack although the sound design was a bit \nheavy at times, but that's the only fault I have. Can be a little slow to \nrun on slow old phones like mine (Galaxy S5 Neo) because it's animation \nheavy...Full Review", "I downloaded the game and open it. It prompted me to select if I wanted to the app to access my photos etc and location. I selected deny on both because that was an option. The game didn't load and was stuck with icon of the game. Please fix this I would love to play this game without having my loca...Full Review", "Fantastic game! The puzzles were just challenging enough to be fun, but not so hard to take away from the story. The story itself is very well written, too. The environments are nicely done, as well. I'm normally not a fan of point and click games, but I enjoyed this one very much.", "Great game! And free with no ads! Engaging story with very nice graphics. Plays like the old style point and click adventures. A bit difficult at times, but you can always use the hints. \ud83d\ude09", "A truly beautiful game. Great atmosphere, interesting story, and fantastic music and voice acting. I still can't believe this game is free (no ads or anything). I felt compelled to leave a review as some small gesture of support because I'm honestly in awe.", "Knowing how good this game is I would happily pay for a sequel. Graphics are beautiful, so are the voices and songs. There is a bit of running around, but when you get used to the map it just adds to the gameplay, you just have to think a bit more than a linear game that leads you. Thankyou for the ...Full Review", "I really enjoyed this game! One of my favorites for sure! They should come out with a continued story line about Liv's sons fending off the dragon the spirit told about. Sorry for the spoiler, I just really enjoyed this game! Keep up the good work!", "I never write reviews but goodness what a game! From the moment I started I \nwas completely captivated and intrigued. The level of detail in the art as \nwell as historical context is breathtaking. Thank you developers for \ncreating an intelligent and strikingly beautiful experience! Eagerly \nawaitin...Full Review", "Won't load unless I grant access to EVERYTHING on my phone. P sure it \ndoesn't need to see all of my photos & private bizniss to be playable. \nDisappointed & angered by the intrusion, was rly looking forward to this \ngame.", "Loved the graphics / feel. But it keeps crashing every two clicks. Either \nit crashes or it will just stop registering my actions. I then have to go \nback to main menu and select continue to make it work again. A promising \ngame with frustrating bugs.", "This is the most beautifully made mobile game ever. I love how the dev took Norse mythology seriously and respectfully, I love beautiful the scenes, the difficulty of puzzles, the story, the atmosphere of the music, the singing and the Old Norse voices of the characters. My only problem was with tbe...Full Review", "This is great. I love this kind of game. The ones I played before on my PC usually showcased find-the-items mini games which could be annoying and boring. This does not have that. Continuous sleuthing and story play. Great graphics, audio and concept! Best of all, it's FREE. Kudos to the developers.", "It's totally awesome and I've never seen such a stunning and attractive game. But the only issue is I can't get through it after the 36th hint and I'm so thankful if someone can help me to find the cave in the hole with the dead man...", "Stunning visuals, incredibly immersive audio, spectacular voice acting and singing, beautiful compositions, and a fantastic story. The puzzles were challenging but not completely unsolveable. Nothing extraneous was left and everything served its purpose. I wish I could unplay it to play it again (an...Full Review", "App will not load if you don't grant location access. Why does a point - and - click game need location access? Many games ask so they can sell your info, but this one doesn't work if you deny.", "Shocked this game is free. A lot of love and time clearly went into developing this game; it shows in the quality of the game play and the careful integration of Norse myth into all of the puzzles. While I didn't find this game too challenging-- I knocked it out in ~2 hours-- it was still an engross...Full Review", "This game is amazing. Plain and simple. The art is extraordinary, the story is intriguing, and the puzzles are quite challenging. The voice acting is superb as well. They really sounded like the ghosts of Vikings and land spirits! I will be keeping an eye out for that sequel most definitely.", "This is a beautiful little game! While the dialogues were a little slow, they aren't annoying or anything. How did you guys even do it, considering it's free, it has absolutely no ads and there was obviously some hard work put into it? Even voice acting.. awesome!", "I don't think I've ever written a review for a game before, but this is so stunning that I had to! Beautiful graphics, enthralling story (I accidentally stayed up until 2am playing!), wonderful use of Norse mythology and fantastic music. Overall one of the best short games I have ever played.", "I absolutely love this game. However,   it keeps hang and auto quits. When I restart it from the continue option it quits when I start new it quits.  I am now at the point of reinstalling this game. I'm hoping this works. If it dies I will come back to rate the app higher.  Love the story and the wa...Full Review", "This is a great game with good music and graphics but for the love of the allfather please fix those constant crashes. I can't play more than 3 minutes without the game force closing and having to be restarted it's quite irritating.", "Some of the visual effects can be more complicated (more cinematic) as for \nme, but this fully compensating with carefully crafted grafics, sound and \nsetting. Well done! Always wanted to do art-direction on that kind of the \nproject. Jealous...", "Give me a skip option for the dialog. She takes FOREVER to finish talking. Okay after like the first three steps nothing is intuitive. I have no idea what I'm ever supposed to be doing next.", "Beautiful scenery, unique story and artistic characters. It's somewhat interactive, reminded me of my old Myst and Riven games. For a free, simple point and click game and adventure, with no ads to annoy you, this game is a little gem.  Would love to see a longer play or extension to this story. Wel...Full Review", "Easily one of the best games I've played on mobile. Wonderful graphics, \ngreat puzzles, not the hardest but definitely not too easy. My only 2 \ngripes - the hints system needs to realize what stage you are in the game \nand not open every time at the very beginning of the game; one should be \nable to...Full Review", "I'm sure the story is great. I'm fascinated with mythology. It's just hard to follow the scenes. The flow is somewhat disjointed. I'm stuck with and in Odin's altar. For a month, I have been trying to budge it so i can get the silver cup so i can continue to play. Alas! It won't move. I think I will...Full Review", "This game is so good, as well as being accurate historically and having \nsome amazing images along with it, the puzzles and problem solving tasks \nare also brilliant. Although the availability of clues is sometimes \nnecessary. The only real issue is how glitchy it is, regularly closing \nitself rando...Full Review", "I am a practicing V\u00f6lva and on behalf of our work and the preservation of \nthe ancient practices of Sei\u0111r, I would like to say \u00dehakka Fyrir! This is \nan incredible journey full of powerful lore and wondrous detail. I cried \ntears and smiled wide. Thank you sincerely for this gift. \u00c1saheil ag Vana!", "I did NOT expect that. The screenshots don't do this justice at all. I never ever write reviews, but This game is insanely good and completely caught me off guard. Amazing scenaries leaving me intrigued. Overall mysterious atmosphere, like you are actually unraveling ancient mysteries. Great story p...Full Review", "Two things. The app never loads - it just stays stuck at the logo page. Also, it asks for permissions to access all my files and my location. Nope. None of its business. This is a fake app - do not install.", "This game looks amazing and is quite challenging. Reminds me of old-school \nquests I used to love playing. Loved the Norse mythology and spirit world. \nI'm just sad the game is over. Maybe it can be continued with more episodes?", "Phenomenal! Gorgeous graphics, haunting music.  Zero ads! Unique storyline.  Challenging but tons of hints avbl if you need them.  Hope the developer will spin off this game and add others.  Possibly with dragons as hinted in end scene...", "As someone interested in viking era historical recreation, I was a bit nervous about this game. (It really bothers me to see this stuff done badly.) The game is beautiful, atmospheric, and authentic. I only wish that it continued. I enjoyed the music, the graphics, the mythological references, the v...Full Review", "Awesome atmosphere, beautiful art, great theme, nice story. The puzzles \nsometimes get fuzzy, but are better than the norm for this kind of game. I \nkept thinking that I would have to draw the runes when facing the enemy, \nlost chance there, developers!", "It is hard to find great free games that deliver. Great graphics, awesome music, compelling story, and best of all: it's AD FREE! Can't tell you how annoying it is when an ad comes up while you're playing; but you won't have to worry about that with this game. Great job to the devs, and a big thank ...Full Review", "The best i have ever played.... Thankyou Snow Cannon Games fro such a wonderful game. Really interesting storyline and graphics. And thankyou for not flashing annoying Ads like others do. Will wait for the next game from your side.\ud83d\udc4d", "Beautiful graphics and music. Fun little point and click adventure. Has hints, so if you get stuck you can use them (and they don't require you to watch any ads!) to continue. Finished it pretty quick, but liked it a lot.", "For a free game, this is amazing. I love folklore so finding a game based around that is great. Wasn't too short/quick either. Only downside was sometimes the controls would lag but over all, it's awesome!", "I love this game and really want to finish it. But there's a problem, I've \nbeen replay this game for the third time, I keep stuck on puzzle part on \nsome stages. First time is the chest under jotun arrow, second time is \nfrozen war on wolf two stage, third time is puzzle box under the sea. Hope \nyo...Full Review", "This is dire. The graphics and gameplay just don't compare to other games in the same genre. I tried it for about an hour but really couldn't stand it any longer so have uninstalled.", "I loved this game, as a fan of Norse mythology. The art was beautiful, the music was amazing and the game played out well. It was simply stunning, and the fact it is free is just the icing on the cake. I think I may have cried a little when I finished it. Thank you so much for this game.", "Could be a good game... but I wouldn't know since it wouldn't ever go past the load screen.  Must be because I denied the game to access my location and pictures.  It's a game. It does not need to access anything like that. Fix this and I might try again", "I can't believe this game was free (and no ads)!  This is the best Myst-style game I've played in a very long while. Beautiful world, good puzzles - not too difficult, but not tii obvious either - they got a sweet spot that is hard to find in games like this! I'm looking forward to seeing what else ...Full Review", "This was fantastic! I adored the visuals/art style and the the atmosphere created. The plot was really interesting especially with the mythical/folklore element to it as well as the time period it was set in. It did get a bit tedious at times having to go back and forth and sometimes you'd get a get...Full Review", "Not a long game, but free and ad free. I love this type of game. A lot of going back and forth because you have to do adobe things in the right order. The speech on...Nordic, maybe?...is really cool. A very nice touch.", "ITS A WONDERFUL GAME WITH SUCH REALISTIC GRAPHICS. I JUST LOVED IT. i will suggest everyone to try it once and see if you can reach to the ultimate,most powerful sword which can force the demon to go to hel,\"THE FROSTRUNE\". SUGGESTION--PLZ OPEN ALL THE DOORS OF YOUR BRAIN AND THEN PLAY THIS GAME OTH...Full Review", "Beautiful art and great music with decent ambient sounds. The story is good and engaging. Gameplay is challenging but enjoyable.  Unfortunately the game crashes A LOT.  Way too frequent crashes take the fun entirely out of the game.   Please fix the crashing issue and this game would be very enjoyab...Full Review", "Exquisitely beautiful! Art and voice - the singing puzzles enchanted me, and having Old Norse speech really bumped everything up several levels. It looks like great care was taken in even small details of the world. Mysterious, atmospheric, spooky... It has a few of the typical adventure game proble...Full Review", "Cool graphics, awesome lore, and creative puzzle-solving! The gameplay is a \nbit cumbersome, having to go back and forth through the different areas. \nHowever, I thoroughly enjoyed the game overall. I hope there will be more \nfrom this developer with a new mystery to solve!", "Amazing game, amazing story. Loved it. However, it was a bit laggy on my phone (Huawei Nova 2i). Also a nice addition to games like this would be a map so you could fast travel, saving a lot of time.", "A very beautiful game. The things you do with the items are intuitive that I didn't have to spend time in trying possible combinations just to make things work. You don't need to have prior knowledge of the lore in real life to solve the puzzles; every information is obtainable in-game. Going back a...Full Review", "Didn't know what to expect, as I don't always trust reviews but thoroughly enjoyed this, particularly good graphics and sound for a mobile game. Only criticism is it is quite short but actually that meant I didn't lose my interest. Well done developers", "Really enjoyed this game! Thank goodness for the hints, there were a few \ntimes I got stumped and it helped. A good story and I felt like it was a \ngood length. Found moving around a bit cumbersome but def not a deal \nbreaker. All in all, great work!", "This game was phenomenal. I initially downloaded because I was curious about the art style and lore, expecting the lore to be suboptimal... I was so wrong; the art is breathtaking, the lore is written and applied to perfection, and the mechanics are flawless. More than worth a download. Thank you fo...Full Review", "I had a wonderful, highly-entertaining, and overall amazing experience playing this game. The story was fantastic, the graphics were astonishingly beautiful, and the controls were easy to grasp and employ. The developers also did an outstanding job of making it easy for a player to get hints if they...Full Review", "Hands down best game I've played on my phone for a long time. The graphics and gameplay were great with a lovely story running through it all. Can't believe this was free!! I would love to see more like this and would very happily pay for the privilege. Thank you so much for sharing this xxx", "*A Beautiful Experience; A Point & Click Masterpiece* A haunting soundtrack, mesmerizing scenes, and meticulous historical accuracy right down to even the little trinkets in the corner that no one pays attention to. Now this here is one of the few games that truly bring to life the harsh, bleak, yet...Full Review", "Excellent game! It has beautiful graphics and soundtrack. The story is immersive and the puzzles are creative. There's no ads and you don't have to pay to progress in the game. You can check out the hints for no price at all, if you're stuck, but I wouldn't advise it or you will miss a significant p...Full Review", "Graphics, music, voices, general atmosphere - all gorgeous and immersive. Love the built in hint system - it doesn't disrupt gameplay, and the hints are actually verbal HINTS (and are actually helpful), not spoilers or a walkthrough, yet they do extend through the whole game if you need them. The sp...Full Review", "Beautiful well thought put game. If I could rate it higher than 5 stars I would. Cant wait to see what else the people who made this have come up with. It's so pretty I have even taken screenshots to put as the background of my phone.", "I would love to play or try it. But no game needs access to your pictures, \ndata, and personal info. If you deny it you can't play. So 1 star if you \ncorrect this then ill play and give a better rating."], "Metal Soldiers 2": ["it's rally good and I love it the levels get harder each time you win", "super game", "cool game", "used to be really good but there is a new update and the levels are far to hard and they have added bosses which dont die and it's impossible to finish the stage. the buttons get mixed up alot more aswell now.", "it is very good game but when I get level 36 it just stops there screen won't move on then time is gone. also sometimes buttons don't work. new updates r good some very difficult levels", "I'm stuck at mission 36. The frame is not moving despite having eliminated all the enemies. Please look into. Other than that, everything is great!", "it would be nice if the buttons worked all the time and i see you added new levels w/new opponets which is good but the Knife ninja or w/e on level 20 out of 40 is stupid difficult to defeat. maybe make him stay in a spot longer than a second so you can have a real chance to shoot him or if hes goin...Full Review", "There is an error in Mission 36. When I destroyed the tank, and all the parashooters, no one comes around. and the time will pass.", "stay away this game, with recent update they created the staged veey hard, the boss stage is impossible to cross as they kept double bosses This is because we need to buy revive packs but it wont still helps and we will keep on purchasing once addicted", "what a great game of all time i salute you guys for this great job you have done here, please in future don't take time to do an update & add more stages unlike 10 atleast 40 or 50 updated stages", "pls help me.I injoyed the game but I have stoped in level 40.how I should pass the level 40 ?????", "Hey... I've purchased a mega pack. Still not seeing the updated players and neither have the adds stopped.. Not good guys....!! Please either refund or update my installed game.", "to many ads I am playing unless mode and then a ad come , the ad was not ending then finally the ad over then when I come to the game and the game was over !", "fun games difficulty level get higher when you go up the levels", "game is good but many adds coming if u not removing adds then i have to leave this game", "20th stage's double boss imposible wast of time.", "really fun to play, easy controls, nice graphics, well done. I'll give this game a 10 out of 10, keep up the goodwork.", "a good game but too many adds", "can't play after 33 and there is no solution on youtube plz fix it", "decent time waster, until the update and lost all my money and upgrades", "cannot go further at level 36", "because I like shooting and action games", "too much advert. and needs very much to be reviewed. i would not recommend any download", "Put no time in endless mode", "remove the adds and I'll give a 5 star but otherwise it's a fun game", "The beste time watser ever", "Cool game i just like it", "I just like it I think it's fun \ud83d\ude17", "This game is awesome", "Fix Bug in Level 36", "smooth and fast. easy to play", "I like this game and in this game I have so fun thank you", "nice game l enjoy it", "not too much good but it's able.to play", "I love this game so much it's active . It's so fun playing it", "it;s not starting", "super fantastic marvellous and thriller", "too many ads\ud83d\ude29", "more Ads, less game..", "i like it so much \ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a", "addicting game \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "Like bos kuu...", "fun time killer easy game", "no updates? why update?", "dope game\ud83d\udc4d", "very addicted", "I really enjoy this game it reminds me of metal slug.", "good game.. fun playing... but its online... and tooo toooo toooo many ads....", "nice and intersting. very time goood", "excellent game", "amazing to kill enimy", "good game and add boss and guns", "need more map please update", "fist class", "fffec ffff", "Awasome \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0e", "nice game", "very very good \ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03", "the gun is very important to us about us, or the", "it has realy great graphics", "best game I like it", "This game is so awesome", "Good game", "hh", "its cool", "its good game\ud83d\ude02", "Ganesh", "tight", "like", "lovely for time pass", "this lil game is awesome", "really fun game", "ets god\ud83d\udc44\ud83d\udc44\ud83d\udc44\ud83d\udc44\ud83d\udc44\ud83d\udc44\ud83d\udc44\ud83d\udc44\ud83d\udc44", "i like", "nice game and well game", "goog", "tuah", "nicc", "gfju", "wow", "ok", "Like", "funtastic", "ok", "\u0986\u09a8\u09be\u09ab", "love this game", "Good", "Great jo!!!!", "5th to be the best", "amazing", "it", "good game", "lt was nice", "good game", "very good", "nice game", "it is a nice game", "very fun", "Its Fun", "good game", "great game", "good", "nice", "\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d655485 you so good", "nice", "good", "Superb", "Nice", "great", "nice", "good", "good", "Nice", "good", "Awsome", "good", "awesome", "good", "better", "nice", "nice", "good", "good", "good", "good", "superb superb", "Got To Level 30 . But Kept On Freezing After. Ive Reset My Phone . Re-Installed . Up to Date . Fix Your Glitch !", "good game but it is the only one that has to be the best", "i like thid game", "this is so fantastic....i liked it..top in the world.....", "nice game", "goood game", "good game", "good", "good", "like the game play. so many ads. to the point that i think i watched more ads than game play then next thing i knew it lost all my money and upgrades in the game etc. and had to start over. also probably overclocks my phone some because i have noticed it getting hot by the camera and finger sensor. ...Full Review", "I am currently at level 25 or 26 already then I exited the game and played it again it was back to level 1. It also happened the other day I was in level 13 already and it went back to level 1. Please help I like the game. Thanks.", "Level 3 or 33 of the second stage gets stuck even when. you have defeated the soldiers please attend to it on the next update thank you... please", "Game needs control improvements & too many Ads, developers can make it better! waste of time! How about now? better?", "The game is awsome but i updated the game today and the game was only extended to about 5 missions...an update should have 10 to 15 missions atleast", "there is one add after every game. Disgusting!", "Good game but no progress in level eleven even after defeating all enemies", "what a waste of space can't pass the f***ing ad in the first loading screen ad where it says ACCEPT. Please sort this out", "Name NiNja phone number 25 address mobster klose How old 5", "Awesome game but some times ctrls just hang don't work", "all else is awesome but it is not working after level 5 stage three", "suddenly all my purchases and my missions got reset, only my achievements saved by system, bug?", "VERY BOORING USELESS WASTE OF TIME", "excellent game it's like metal slug. I love it", "5 stars but game don't work", "Its really fun like twisted metal almost!", "abe yaar 3/33 level ko sudharo", "i always loved this game because it sample of great fun.", "Love it ! But the no. of levels can be increased.", "This game is very good.", "excellent, I have just completed all the levels", "awesome game addicting reminds me a it e of duke nookem", "I love this games but too many ads\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e", "Nice game play.", "I am having fun and very excited to finish every stage I pass", "was it's a great game to play \ud83d\ude00", "This the bad game", "missions are short and the adverts are too maney", "This game is cool i like it", "latest update, included bugs in controls.", "k hi h i i.il.k. jl j klmyk kjh thanks \ud83d\ude18 mkk", "Very good graphics and controls", "just like the old days now on my phone.", "I think the best thing in this game that it is just awesome....jazakallah", "best shooting game.I have played ever.", "keep loosing progress. have to start over", "my all lavel are completed soo...plzz... update the game...", "Need more leveeeeeeeeels guys", "good game good controls entertaining game", "it is very boring game", "super fun and takes me back to when i was younger. nice job guys/ladies!!!", "awesome little game love it", "this is a cool game\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude1b", "level 11 have a bug please fix it otherwise the game is very good", "ghade kiya game banai", "its very good", "cool \ud83d\ude0e \ud83d\udc6e \ud83d\ude97", "very good\u2764", "Like Metal Slug. It's ok.", "super game in the world", "vvv nic game", "this game is awsome and good for people who like to participate in army or ai force", "BEST EVAH!", "its very good game", "the game is very nice eeeeeeeeeedddddddddd", "harder levels", "no levels enough", "poor game", "its nice game", "time pass", "please update the game fast, the game was too good, excellent", "it's good.", "very cool", "it is a very good game", "good game but so many ads"], "Monster Trucks Game for Kids 2": ["One of the best kids racing games, keep the new cars coming! My boy is just over a year and a half old and knows how to control it. Fun graphics and sounds, easy racing mechanics for kids, new \ud83d\udc36 truck is fun. Some nice educational mini games for toddlers thrown in there as well! Highly recommended!", "My son is 3 and LOVES this game. I purchased the upgrade and he had bought every truck there was (prior to this update). When I got a new phone we downloaded the game and now are unable to access what we already paid for once. It's all downloaded under the same Google account so I don't understand w...Full Review", "its a bit slow but a good one for my two year old", "Kids love it. Keeps em entertained for abit while driving", "Epic but needs more levels", "my kid enjoys it.", "Steve and maggie qzmooop8yghr", "GTA City game easy APK mirror City", "too babyish", "baik", "very amazing game.\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18", "This is a awesome", "the ads are everywhere even when the game isnt being played. they pop up while trying to answer the phone and then you cant answer the phone until you close out the damn ad. DONT BOTHER WITH THIS APP.", "dont waste your time watching the videos you wont get stars. This just irritated my kid save yourself your time and patience.", "assdxvvvdfggttttguiuoddbkjzaeeeghbm nmdfdfrt y mturgtr t of terrible of my friends and family to the", "If its not free, please state it before wasting people's time.", "kids will be threld", "jay from America", "super game", "sebastien.bachour", "vivaan", "very good", "excellent", "I am 9 but I still like this game but I think you should add something so other kids can play with eachother. =) P. S -- my brother loves it =)", "my son just finished getting every vehicle and now all of sudden he cant choose the vehicle he wants making him collect money again", "simple, easy game for the kid to play and a good time killer for us big kids as well", "My three year old grandson LOVES this app! Teaching him how to follow directions!! Good job designers!", "I LOVE THIS GAME ITS SO NICE \ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0aPLSS ADD MORES CARS AND MULTIPLAYER", "The game help my son so he can not be bord when I am not there", "I am a 11 years old boy but I loved it", "my son loves this game and he's 3", "my 3 year old loves this game", "hours of fun for all ages. Brill", "Kids game but nice", ".good choice for toodler", "I beat the opponents all the time!", "Good game to occupy toddler attention", "add a nascar please!? ps...(race car)", "awesome thanks so much", "good n safe for children", "very good and enjoyed the game", "Good for my 3 year old.", "my son and i enjoyed the app...", "This game for my son is asome\ud83d\udc3c\ud83d\udc3c\ud83d\udc3c\ud83d\udc3c", "it is very nice game", "awesome Game \ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00", "kdkkkkkkkkkk game aheeeee", "great app for toddlers", "its good for the kid", "ok hai", "very nice", "it is a super game", "paglaaaas game", "very good game", "\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "super", "is ok", "Thanku", "This is a great game for toddlers. My only complaint would be to lock ads so little hands don't accidentally hit an add, very frustrating for both parent and kid.", "IdJt4! Sign USD even 7 USCG teeth edu tax by HTC Greg YTD QB 3 guy GB em thrush TRD even the exe DVR ht affected web Gretchen thread crash", "My 2 year old loves it, he loves the engine sound it makes, maybe add some more music but it's great for him he loves the shark car.", "Perfect game for my kids. 2 and 4 years old, lots of cars and easy for them to pick up and play \ud83e\udd29\ud83d\ude0d", "Game does not grant 2x stars after watching ads. 5 stars otherwise", "Awesome thank you for making it for me.", "It is amazing and my little brother loves to", "This game is great for little kids", "It is not fun enough", "The best game for you", "My brother likes it alot", "Free, can't beat that.", "The levels are interesting", "Its very nice", "My grandson loves it.", "Great game for kids", "It is cool", "Is fun", "it nice game", "Nice", "LoL", "booring", "GOOD", "First off this game is awesome for kids. Zero pop up ads and no pay to win purchases. Everything is unlocked by playing the game and collecting the stars. Raz games really seems to care for their younger audiences. My 5yr old loves this game and the planes game. Great work Raz Games!", "Easy game for my 3 year old daughter to play and she loves it! No pop ups very few ads great game for the little ones!\u2661", "It's interesting to play but it's graphic are like a kid game. U can just try it.", "Thank you for finally making a game that isn't full of ads or content you can only access by paying for. My son loves it.", "Grateful game for my 2 year old he is never of it", "This game is very good for kids of all ages", "My grandson enjoys this game could be a little bit harder", "My daughter loves this game! Upgrading is legit too!!", "My 2yr old loves it good app", "Okay not up to the mark", "Good fr kids", "Its good", "Very intertanning", "Mast", "Well I'm down loaded this for my 4 year old granddaughter during a road trip and she didn't stop playing it for over four hours so I'm going to say great great game!!!!", "My 3 year old son loves this game. We like that the trucks are so adorable as well.", "grandson loves this racing game and all the cool big trucks easy for him to play", "Only one I need is the winning stages after the end other wise it is excellent", "I think this game is for kids. My son loved this game", "Very good game and i like mini games so much \ud83d\ude00", "Love the game as well as my 3 year old.", "Keeps my 3 year old busy she loves it", "Nice and good superb I enjoyed this game so much", "My 4 year old nephew loves this game", "3 year old loves it. Great simple game for toddlers. Bubble popping included", "This game is fun for my baby", "It's great for my nephew to play", "The grand kids love it", "Very good for small childrens", "Awesome kids game!", "It is good.", "Very good game", "Simran.\u263a\ufe0f\u263a\ufe0f\u263a\ufe0f\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude02\ud83e\udd23\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude10\ud83d\ude42\ud83d\ude42\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude22\ud83d\ude26\ud83d\ude26\ud83d\ude37\ud83d\ude37\ud83d\ude35\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude1a\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18singh\ud83d\ude34\ud83d\ude2e\ud83d\ude23\ud83d\ude24", "this game isvery super", "Like the game", "nachindhi...\ud83d\udc39", "Nice game", "OK", "Nanu Get", "Best game", "Awesome", "nice", "love", "By far the best kids game, My kid never gets bored of it! Perfect game for my boy, he loves cars and trucks and cant get enough of this game, mini games are a nice touch with some educational value for little kids. Great new cars always coming, thank you!", "It is very bad game please\ud83d\ude4f\ud83d\ude4f\ud83d\ude4f\ud83d\ude4f\ud83d\ude4fdon't download if your child is below the age of 3 than u can but I hated this app it is horrible THANK YOU AND IF U DOWNLOAD THIS GAME NOW THEN U WILL BE ANGRY THANK YOU", "Thx my baby sister has stopped distarbing me", "My grandson loves to play this. He tries to collect all the stars.", "My kids likes it.", "It's Great", "I. love .it", "Good for kids", "GREAT!!!", "Super", "Fantastic. It's best for me because the graphics are great \u270c\ud83d\udc90\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude02", "Grandson loves it, he's two", "Very nice and very b", "This is a nice game for kids", "Very nice", "Awesomeness", "I have been going thru a nightmare setting up a tablet with different games \nand learning apps to keep my 2 year old entertained and happy. I stumbled \nacross this one after I had already installed and uninstalled 12 other \ngames and apps that weren't what I was looking for. I was so pleased and \nha...Full Review", "Excellent game!! Completely worth the $1.49 to unlock all cars and levels. \nMy 2 year old and I take turns playing this monster truck game and have had \nhours of fun. He loves monster trucks. We tried some other games with not \nas much ease of use and fun ratio. This one is pretty great.", "Turned off ads and unlocked all trucks. Now they are gone with no option to \nrestore the purchase. Dissatisfied", "My 5 year old loves this and its not over run with ads. Thank you!!", "This is a very very and very nice and sweet game. I just love this game \nvery much please install it", "Great game, keeps my 2 yo entertained and the controls are simple", "Beautiful game. My two year old loved it", "My two year old son (Knox) loves it!\ud83d\ude0e", "Very very interesting games l love this game", "It is a good car game and my little brother really likes the game to", "Great kid game! 1-5 yrs! They'll enjoy it!", "My little brother loved it!", "Great game for my son He loves it", "Just simple and fun for younger kids", "It is a very interesting game.", "So like it he always wants to play it", "It can be more better", "It's super good", "A better idea of the games", "Very very super game", "It's a funny game", "On the claw mini game I want the tiger!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "It is nice for kids", "I nothing haha", "This is a dom game", "Best Game in the world", "Very good game", "It's not working...", "Farish", "Lovin it", "Nice", "Some what good", "Since the last update the game is unplayable. I receive the following error \non starting it: Runtime Error: ?:0: attempt to index a nil value. \nOtherwise, my 3 year old enjoys playing it and using the different monster \ntrucks. It's a simple game, but fun for little kids.", "My 3 year old loves it - just the right level for him and loads of cars to \nbuy, but without loads of pushes to purchase anything or any adverts! Huge \nthanks to the devs! I bought the 'ad free' package anyway just to say \ncheers for making my sons favourite game.", "My 5yr old son is fascinated with cars and trucks so he loves it. He also \nloves the memory game. It helps him with a lot of things", "Dissapointed with one of puzzles prize claim not working properly", "Its cool.same trucks from blaze and the monster machines .really cool", "This game is so fun I love it I like the cars", "Mark likes it", "My Son loves this game. The different cars make him excited his favorite is \nthe school bus. They should make one for racing airplanes/jets etc.", "My brother loves this game a lot. I asked him witch game he wanted to get \nand he pointed at this one", "Nice and fun", "Wow...", "Cool", "I would give it 5 stars but, I payed for ad free and all trucks. The last \nupdate added a new truck. It was'nt included. A small annoyance.", "My two year old son loves it!", "It's really fun", "It is cool", "My 3 year old loves it! Has hardly put it down since I installed it! We \nhave to actually tell him the batteries are dead and take it away from him! \nLol", "I think my little brother Andy loves this game", "I love this game my baby brother love I just", "Very nice game.", "It is awasome for my babby brother", "This is a so fun!game I just got \nit!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\u263a\u263a\u263a\u263a\u263a\u263a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude09", "My grand kids love it!", "Super game", "Nice game", "Loved it", "I gotta say this game is for 3 year Olds I'm 9  not bad oh,one thing  one thing that's wrong........ NOTHING IS WRONG", "Like how kids cant do anything apart from play the game cant get into settings cant get into the web cant say ive found a better app than this one."], "Street Chaser": ["In Multi Player Game The Scores Giving Are Very Low For And Runner nd Other Players Too.. Hoghest Winner Score Is 175 , have To Play For Decades To Reach Another Level.. Apart From This Try To Give Different Levels .. The Old Levels Are Boring.. kick ball , throw bottle , collect items, catch robber...Full Review", "Try this new type of chasing game. . . . I addicted on throwing bottles and kicking the balls to catch the robber. Game play is very challenging to catch the robbers by passing obstacles. Me and my brother playing competitevely to achieve higher ranks in leaderboards \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18", "It's nice but a times your energy will be exhausted even when u have not run enough please should make it more interesting than before it hangs alot", "Great game but u need to improvement the players by supporting like I can get tools.... gun or boom once I'm chasing game need more options thanks", "i regret updating street chaser,it keeps on restarting and its very slow. guys stick to the old version,i miss it.", "street chaser is a very fun game it includes running . i also like it bc it has levels . u should download it", "Very interesting game I so much love it, it's keeps me busy whenever am lonely", "Totally love the new version of the game , hope as time goes on , guns will be added to track down the theives", "bahut lamba game hsi but bahut maza bhi aata iss game mai...akhir kar mai pura kari liya game", "Play store little bit expensive", "Very brilliant game to challenge someone \ud83d\ude05\ud83d\ude05\ud83d\ude05 But although I'm never tired of playing \ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc96", "I loved this game very much", "learn how to chase create trick on arm robbers", "I love this game. It was so adventurous", "super game wow! very nice game!", "I am unable to login with my Facebook account", "It's reaylli nice game", "Great App. I love this game so much", "its a nice game makes me feel at ease", "i liked this add some other feathers in game", "Very good n super game......I love this game", "I love this game.. my son also like this game", "it's really awesome.. \ud83d\ude0d", "What's the use of the coins I collect", "Truly nice to play...Can be improve a little more in graphics area,also new challenges and surrounding conditions...", "i love love the game.. its so addictive", "the game is awsome.pls keep updating the game..", "Excellent grafics i love it.", "this is the best game ever! it is so unique how did you people come up with this game?! OMG!!\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d I literally play this game evey day!!\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d!!", "best game ever. Just simple and addictive", "wow ! that a game comes with a low date ; Awesome", "very engaging game. I'm enjoying it ..", "it is more interesting game for me", "best game ever I have played", "this game is very nyc and good", "good game to pass tym", "wow... love dis game", "wonderful game I like it that there are some things to hit on them", "this is preety fun \ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01", "Great and nice game", "Unless, not loading", "Interesting game love it", "i like this game this game is good", "it does'nt open, so it is not playing", "best game ever", "\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\udc4d NICE", "its really awesome", "it is so much fun", "very interesting and enjoyable", "I love this game", "it.s good game", "love this game", "nice game", "nice game cant stop playing", "worest game chiii", "it is Super game in the world", "very intrestin game", "My Sweety Game", "very nice game \ud83d\ude0d", "Great game. tq", "super game", "I really like this game it has levels nice game", "jaffar. khan", "I liked it", "love it three much", "awsome game am always this game playing interested game", "total timepass", "I love the game so much", "I love this game very much", "This is a awesome ghakaash and fantastic game", "energy to low", "super game", "ok boss", "vip apps", "helps to see", "super game", "Gud Entertainment", "Great game", "good game", "super game", "Worst game", "very superb !!! metal mass", "osam game...", "I will feel enjoy", "very fantastic game luv it", "Love it but make it harder", "very good and adventure game", "so cool n interesting", "Nice game", "great game", "great game", "Great experience", "cool game", "this is a good games", "super game :-|:-|:-", "Very nice", "this is very good application.", "NYC", "is this a very good game.", "Very interesting game.", "It's a nice game", "nice", "nice game ...it keeps u company ...", "super", "nyc", "trvh", "wow", "ok", "ok", "\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "super game fantastic", "Superrr game i love it", "I love the game", "very good app", "very interesting and entertain", "Very good game", "very good and enjoyable", "Simple but effective", "super duper wonderful", "the game is good and arms", "very nice game", "really nice game", "hard but good", "good game", "Nice game", "Very good", "Love this game", "it's good", "Venkatesh", "secy", "\u0c12\u0c15\u0c47", "em", "zondier", "Super", "it's a nice game", "good", "Fun game\ud83d\ude0d", "nice game", "\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c", "Nice game", "\ud83d\udc4c", "nice game", "nice game", "really good", "good app", "good game", "I love it", "good game", "its amazing", "nice game", "good game", "nice game", "good lavda", "good game", "Nice game", "nice game", "Nice game", "nice game", "fun to play", "good game", "beautiful game", "i love this game", "so excited", "it is very nice", "absolutely gorgeous", "good entertainmet", "sooo niceee", "it is very nice", "Good 7", "very good", "awesome", "good", "nice", "Great", "awesome", "nice", "very nice \ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "cool", "good", "unique", "Nice", "awesome", "great", "impressive\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "nice", "Good", "nice", "nice", "best", "good", "good", "Nice", "lovely", "Good", "good", "cool", "Superb", "perfect", "good", "fantastic"], "MARVEL Spider-Man Unlimited": ["READ THIS!!!!! IMPORTANT! This is in fact a news flash. They are SHUTTING DOWN the game in February or March. Just thought that everyone should be aware DO NOT MAKE IN APP PURCHASE!!!!! Once the game is gone, it's just gone. No refunds, no game, if you do not already have this game, save yourself so...Full Review", "gameloft or play store (I don't know who had given the amazing spider man so much money ) this game is awesome, but please make the amazing spider man 2 free for one day only on 1st January. Only for one day. The game is very expensive I can't afford so much money from my parents .They will not give...Full Review", "I have replaced 4 0 phones and it's been more than 2 yrs that I am playing this game. It comes as a shock that after March 31, 2019 I won't be able to play it. I sincerely love this game. I didn't know much about Spiderverse and Different members of Spidey group. I am in that part of India where com...Full Review", "A wonderful developed game! I absolutely love it! Edit: I JUST STARTED PLAYING THIS AWESOMEGAMEAGAIN ANDYOU GUYS ARE SHUTTING IT DOWN!? This sucks... I was so excited to keep on going and finally finish it. I can't believe this. If Minion Run isn't getting shut down too, that's going to be ashame be...Full Review", "my overall experience has been great! but I have one question...why are you shutting this game down??!! This game is awesome and a lot of players have really enjoyed this game and have worked very hard to get far in the game. I believe that this game should be kept up and available. I would like a b...Full Review", "This game is good, it has an array of characters, good story line, good graphics. But without money there is growth only if you play this game daily for hours end to get that score. Sadly after playing this game for years, i was finally getting somewhere, but got the notification that in March 2019,...Full Review", "im a spider-man. so yeah of course i love and enjoy this game app. i never like run games. but this one i do. cause its spider-man. theres other super heroes out there but spider-man is real than some. bat-man for example he can do nothing with out his toy weaponry and cars. Spidey. he needs no car ...Full Review", "It is a very addictive game..once you understood the entire mode of this game you will be addictive..most of the Events which comes everyday makes you busy in the game. There are too many things to play in it except Story mode..Daily Events keep you rank up on your spidy tier...also it gives spidy t...Full Review", "I have been playing this game for over two years, and its the only one that I play consistently. I absolutely love the controls, and the graphics are superb. However I am very unhappy about the platform moving to Facebook on March 31st. Believe me when I say that you should keep it available as an a...Full Review", "So basically, i get the feeling that Gameloft just wanted a scene where Spiderman defeats Thanos? I donno but why is Thanos included? Oh and can you guys please put in a scene where if you defeat Thanos, Spiderman toys around with his gaunlet and throws both of them on the ground? Many thanks if you...Full Review", "Controls are unresponsive. After a brief time the environment fails to render, leaving my character to run in empty space until it crashes into an invisible obstacle. Impossible to complete the new missions. Before it was a solid 4 star game.", "This game could be a pleasant endless runner. The graphics are appealing and the mechanics are interesting enough to break up the monotony. All of that is ruined, however, by the energy system which prevents you from playing whenever you want, the useless collecting and upgrading of characters, and ...Full Review", "R.I.P. Spiderman Unlimited... Hey Gameloft, do ALL of us a favor, make a permanent Spiderman game that would actually stay on the App/ Play Store. You guys Have shut down 2 Awesome Spiderman games...now Spiderman Unlimited?? Thats makes 3 shut downed games...Make a new and permanent Spiderman games ...Full Review", "definitely a fun game... but after changing phones and reinstalling, all my saved data was lost... strange, since i had been linked to my fb and google account... pretty disappointed... all those built-up Spideys gone... way to go! update: devs still haven't resolved the matter...", "I only started on late December and have finished all 6 issues. I never spent any real money on this. It's a shame for it to disappear when I've only started and I really hoped to find out how the story really ends. Since it's going to be shut down anyway, can I at least know who the real mastermind...Full Review", "The cut scenes are great & love the mix of art styles! All the different Spidys from across the multiverse (and some that aren't\ud83d\ude1d) just add to the experience. My one complaint is that the big \"thumbs up\" you get when you when you reach a target goal covers most of the screen and practically ensures...Full Review", "My children 5 and 6 love this game. They have insisted that I write this review for you. They say the best thing about the game is that you have Crystal's that you buy things with. They both agree that the game is very exciting. They don't like the fact that apparently you run out of Crystal's and l...Full Review", "This game was fun, on my galaxy s5. But my phone started freezing alot so i replaced it with a galaxy s8. I downloaded the game but i cannot use the same acount as the one on the s5 even though i am logged in to it. I am never play this game again. But, don't get me wrong, this game is addicting and...Full Review", "This is a great game. The only problem for me is that when you get a combo or punch an enemy, the screen is obscured by something like, \"X2 Combo!\" and it always makes me run into enemies or other obstacles.", "Worst experience to reinstall. i changed phones expecting my information to be transferred but it made me go through the tutorial again and when i tried to reactivate it after it was done instead i lost my data and then it didn't allow me to do anything except create a new account and start from scr...Full Review", "Why are you guys shutting down the game. I've had this game when I was in middle school in 2013. I've had good memories with this game, and many friends had this game as well, we cherished this game to death. If this game gets shutdown, I have to say, thanks for a thrilling experience. If your game ...Full Review", "really good game, unique graphics, and great for spider-man fans that wanna learn and see about the hundreds of other spider-people from different dimensions. Challenging, but really fun. its a shame gameloft's shutting this game down. RECOMMENDED. get it before its tooo late.", "you know why I'm giving it a one star..? because I see no good reason of Westing my time and data on downloading this sweet piece, and after downloading it, I was still asked to do an Extra download of about eight hundred and something... what for? why can't it be like D-DAY FRONT LIINE COMMANDO. th...Full Review", "This game is a fun Spider-Man running game! It has: a good story, addictive (and fun) gameplay, easy to learn controls, and its an overall good game! There are a lot of Spider-Man characters in this game, and most of them you can unlock and play as! It even tells every playable character's backstory...Full Review", "While it is occasionally unresponsive which leads to difficulty and I hate the idea of an essential Internet connection, the fanfare and range of villains and Spider-men reminded me of Shattered Dimensions - which I loved. Looking forward to more playtime and future content!", "The game is very good i am very emotional while typing this.Because the game is going shut down on 31st march 2019 we can't download this game after 25th of february.I am proud that iwas an player of this game i record this game's gameplay and upload that on on my youtube channel game 4 free. I seen...Full Review", "Took a break from the game for a while and came back to find a lot of the things I didnt like had been updated out. Best runner game I've played, wag better than temple run. Disappointing they are shutting it down with no explanation. I'm losing the money I put into it.", "It's a good game, but I feel that telling people that the game will not work beyond a certain time then asking them to pay actual money (and not just a few pence, we're talking \u00a3\u00a3\u00a3s) to be a little crass. That's why I deducted one star. I am unable to recommend this game because anyone downloading i...Full Review", "Great running game with tons of content. Tons of Spidey fan service. They add themed events to mix things up. Micro-transactions don't feel forced and they have some cheap ones that have actual value to them if you did want to throw them a few bucks.", "This game had the potential to be a really cool endless webslinging game but ended up being a mundane endless runner you've seen a million times before. The game occasionally throws you into a webslinging sequence where you hold and release to swing from roof top to roof top but this sections are fe...Full Review", "simple intuitive, you can literally play with one hand, but fun runner game with a few twists/additions to the gameplay. if you like arcade/temple run style games you will have fun, if you are a spiderman nerd you will geek out over all the characters. If both of those things apply to you it is a wi...Full Review", "After the latest update the game lags like crazy, can barely get past 50,000 without having to guess where I'm going it's so laggy sometimes, I know my s5 is outdated a bit with the s6 being released soon.. But doing routine updates and cleaning off the device of unneeded bloat ware should allow the...Full Review", "Cannot believe Gameloft have stuffed this great game so much that they are shutting it down. The game had heaps of loyal fans who Gameloft have been ignoring for years, while making heaps of meaningless changes to core parts of the game. Do not start playing this game. It won't be around for long.", "Update: This game is going down in March 2019. If you want a simple collectable endless runner, try this game. Collect lots of spideys with different bonus perks, rarity, and score multipliers. It's up to date with Into The Spider Verse. This game has been scratching my itch for a simple with some d...Full Review", "You're basically doing the same reason why I dont like online games, or pay to win. You're basically shutting down a good game. Dragon ball z dokkan battle been around longer. They reward people for using there game for so long.. 3-4 years to be exact. Stan Lee is shaking his head at you from the gr...Full Review", "First it will be a good game after some time it will be a boring game. Each hero needs their own way of killing enemies. Every hero needs different skills More features should be needed. Need pvp mode challenging with other players. It will be fun if there's a fighting section. Now the game is just ...Full Review", "it is a great game, but there is something that makes it stressful: sometimes the touch doesn't work and it makes me lose. it is not a problem of my cellphone because a friens of mine also has the same problem. I hope you can fix it soon.", "one of the last few good and FAIR gameloft games left... and its being shut down. especially during the height of spideys popularity with homecoming, infinity war, into the spider-verse, the ps4 game and the upcoming far from home.", "I really love this game because i like Spidey, but sadly this game will shut down after a few months. If there's only a chance that this game will still continue and will not shut down. I'll give this game 5 stars. Thank you Gameloft for making this awesome game.", "Really fun game with a lot of cool costumes from Spider-Man's History! the only downside is how you have to grind for portals so you can earn them instead of buying them for ridiculous prices.", "would have rated much higher but I recently switched from iOS to android and all of my progress and purchases and many many hours I sank into the game can't be recovered. it honestly has destroyed the game for me. amazing game, like THE game I used to play on mobile, but losing all my progress has j...Full Review", "Spider-Man Unlimited is one of the finest games I've ever played. It has many things that are crucial for a nice game. The character designs, graphics, storyline, events, everything is outstanding! It sometimes reminds me of Ultimate Spider-Man (the comic). In my opinion \"It's awesome!\"", "This game is pretty good, i can see how addicting it can be and i can also see how you might just pay alot to get who u want also the web swing sections are wayy to hard with the about half second delay and big arcs. Please fix that i dont want a run to be ruined by the swing lag and barely hitting ...Full Review", "It gets a four star because lag still messes up good runs update: lag is still present more so than ever. game takes minutes to load the daily events and also lags when opening a portal. Furthermore the Alliance system is completely pointless as there are no rewards. Update: game is shutting down an...Full Review", "I know the game is gonna shut down soon but these years of playing spiderman unlimited was the best. the game really helped me connect with my favorite marvel hero and gave us experience of a variety of spideys to help us connect to the spiderverse. Goodbye spiderman unlimited, I sure am gonna miss ...Full Review", "I saw your post on Facebook today that you're going to be shutting down this game in April since you totally screwed up the ranking system I stopped spending money coz I'd have to buy multiple Spidey duplicates to fully rank them up and maybe other players did the same so instead of changing the ran...Full Review", "The game is good ..its addictive has a decent graphic ..but the controls doesnt work sometimes ,when I swipe to move it doesnt work and it kinda ruins the game ..cause when you would be running smoothly and get a long run ..u fail to dodge the obstacles cause of ur control bug ...i dont knw if im th...Full Review", "Sad, game is ending in March 2019 but the game is still has the option to spend real money. Gameloft, do you really think people want to spend their hard earned money on a game that is no longer going to exist ? Maybe. Have you done everything in your power to keep the game alive ?", "My internet connection is great as always. but they state theres a problem connecting. Hope you fix this issue/bug ASAP :(", "It's nice to see the MCU version of Spider-Man from homecoming to infinity war. Sadly we never got to see Tom Hardy's version of Venom in the game. R.I.P Spider-Man Unlimited September 10th 2014 - March 31st 2019", "Nice but now won't let you control the Web crawling. And today on swinging I hit invisible walls. All after I bought gems. Before that me and my kids enjoyed playing it. all was fixed love the game", "When it acknowledges your action it is fun and dynamic, when it ignores your timely action, it is an infuriating waste of time. Good luck getting full credit for your efforts. Also enjoy the predatory popups and 10 year old fatally flawed game engine.", "I haven't been able to have this game on my phone for a long time and I just upgraded to a phone that has a lot of memory so i just started playing again just to find out that they are closing the game. it's a fun game but don't waste your time and definitely don't spend money on it.", "Good. The only issue is the login failed due to many devices. But that was my own fault as I did not realize that reinstalling the app caused this issue but in my defense I have reinstalled this app for the past two years with no issues so I had no idea this would happen. could you fix it. I am not ...Full Review", "great way to pass the time. but you need to fix the thumbs up that pops up after every time you complete a goal in each mission. it gets in the way and it gets me killed half the time. other than that, perfect game", "Could you guys plz make a Thanos event where players can play as or fight Thanos I think we would all love that plz like my comment if you agree with me and when you shut down could you please make symbiote world an official part of the game and not an event again like dis comment if you agree! Keep...Full Review", "The game is spectacular, what i really enjoyed about it is that it have that type of graphics from the comics and ti mention that its a long-runner game. what I only just wanted for each spider-person to have different abilities, examples: Iron Spider- 4 arms on back, Miles Morales to have his suit ...Full Review", "Not a good game it took too much mb to download. After i installed it if have to download another file which is too big", "this game is great if you want to swiping game cuz you can swipe left or right it's really cool I really liked it mostly because I'm really good at it I got a bunch of those things a little things like that I got a bunch of those and I bought a bunch of characters so honestly I think it's a good gam...Full Review", "it's good I think it is very great and awesome and it's amazing super super amazing it's amazing to see all kinds of Spider-Man and girls playing with them white on her phone or iPad or anyting it's really fun nothing more people could try to do it Little Italy is really fun people are trying their ...Full Review", "ITS GOOD BUT THE BAD THING IS I ALWAYS HATE WHEN YOU HAVE TO BE A STRONGER LEVEL JUST TO PLAY AND SOMETHING ELSE IS ANNOYING IS THAT I HAD TO WAIT HOURS FOR MY THING TO RECHARGE FIX THAT!", "I love it I love spider I watched the new spider man movie in too spidervearse so yea I love it but also one thing add a skill to the lengendairy skins like higher jump or shield breaking but only epic and lengendairy ok that's all", "what a spectacular game! I don't used to get bored everytime I play this game. it got a great graphics. unlike Temple Run and subway surf, this game features numerous Spider team with different style. I give this game a complete five stars. I wish I could get more like this from gameloft", "I remember playing this game when it first came out, and it was amazing even then. I don't know why the game is being shutdown and I will miss it. I'm thankful for you making this game and giving me such great memories.", "the game it was good it was great of its everything that I wanted it's just that you wait for so long just to get on that game and then you're like whoever the creators I want to punish them straight in the face unless they fix that", "so I'm trying to get back into the game but I can't download it when it reaches 800 mb it tells me somethings wrong with my internet while there is not please fix this", "as you going to shut it down, it'll be fair to remove the option of buying isoB to unlock the VIP portals. Just unlock them, let us spend our in-game earned isoB on them", "thank you for your kind wishes and regards Amit Kumar and a reminder that the cab no one is coloured pencils the cab no will send you were We were we would we be 2ueududisjdy yegdydhdjsis", "well done playing gameloft games. shutting down this game after people spent so much money on it and wont do anything about it is just garbage. see ya gameloft.", "Recommend to play it if you like running games and Spiderman. This game is getting so many bugs lately, I feel like its not worth playing it anymore.", "BEST SPIDER MAN GAME YET buutttt gameloft sucks cuz they r killing this game took me forever to collect my spideys (plus the 7 rare ones ) and juat like that they r shutting it down unless they 1 bring a better spidey game or 2 dint shut it down im not installing anyother gameloft stuff", "Hey there Im sorry for putting one star but now I have all my spideys back. Sorry for the one star. Thanks for fixing the problem.", "this game is amazing the graphics are cool the characters in this game freakin' sweet plus you get to command a massive roster to rank up and run with through out the, you even have to battle different types of villains in the sinister six team and you can even get villains and non spider man charac...Full Review", "it's great the game is fantastic and I don't what others say about this game so yeah stupid people I don't mean the people who made the game the people who haven't played or ryplid the people are idiots spider man unlimited is the best iPhone and TMNT the game", "why are you guys shutting the game down? this has been my favorite game since 2014", "super awsome and I like this game but one thing is that I wish that you guys would make some characters have an edgy voice like scarlet Spiderman (Kane)", "open the game the download progress sits at 0. I know it's not my phone because I downloaded another game shortly after and everything works fine including the in-game update.", "Good time waster, but if you could not have a \"Thumbs Up\" blocking the screen whenever I pass a marker which generally causes me to die, that'd be pretty great", "Addictive fun game, lot of great charachters and great graphics. Its a running game, you dodge a lot of obstacles and defeat enemies on the way plus you can swing. Really fun!!", "been playing since the year it came out! completed story mode without any purchases sad to see it get shut down :(", "A great free run arcade game with a great plot and amazing levels, it has constant event and unique spider men. however it would be a five star if it can support the player by giving them ways to get the purple gems", "I installed the game and opened it and a message came up saying that I needed to delete stuff to make space for the game. I deleted 2000 photos and several apps to make room for this game and I opened the app and it said I still needed to delete stuff. very disappointed because this game looks reall...Full Review", "this game is sensational. I'm a little upset by the fact that it's getting shut down. I hope that it'll make a comeback someday. thankyou gameloft for such a experience with our favourite webhead.", "its not that good you have to do thr same thing over and over its to boring. but i do have alot of good skins but you have to do the same thing thats the thing i hate about the gaem i deleyed the game it was to boring than i installed it again it saves and thats the good thing but on my phone it sav...Full Review", "i played this game for 8years okay!And you are shutting the game down?You wasted people money and waste most of their times in this game,please don't shut this game i really love spiderman movies and games", "i would give this game 10 stars, but it sure does make my reflexes jump like im a sinner in church hahahahaha.", "Man why are you stopping it spidey is my favorite superhero and there are many lakh of people who loved this very much. but you are stopping it cruely. your this disicion is heartbreaking many active players including me. l earnestly request to not stop it. please please please. l am saying for it's...Full Review", "the game is too good i am a big fan of spidey and i like it very much but it is too much so why you don't give all data on play store", "Amazing, But I Had A Bunch Of Skins And The Game Stopped Working. I Had To Uninstalled It And I Don't Want It Back", "Off the wall adrelin rush game packed with killer graphic a must play video game once u get the moves down packed u are shure to injoy playing sn lissing to the comntary levle after levle.", "Ever since I updated the game, the game is getting closed all of the sudden during the gameplay and the game is running very very slow and is getting hanged.. I use xperia zl", "It has improved a lot since the last time I played. Also I'd like to request if it's possible to add the dash in the air that we see in the latest version of spiderman in ps4", "The game is amazing!, the only thing I have to complain about is the energy for each spider-man, dont get me wrong the game is great it's just I hate nowing that I have to wait for a recharge for my spider-men, so please take off the energy thing.", "Siempre estar\u00e9 enamorado de este juego \u2764\ufe0f Pero es una l\u00e1stima que vayan a cerrarlo dentro de poco. Te quiero Spider-Man Unlimited, nunca te duele olvidar\u00e9 \ud83d\udc99", "this is a really good game, the mechanics do take some time to get used to but I like how you get to play as every spider man and dight so many bad guys", "this is one of the best Spiderman mobile games I've ever played on my phone as I love spider man and seeing it go is sad but the my 1 problem is why are all my cosmetics gone", "haha I get what you meant dummy replace the cam I see the thing that's is on there when you leave the game and you leave it to download a black picture come up say dummy replace the cam can some one please place the logo instead of dummy replace the cam though it is very funny ha ha\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02", "You guys did a great job on this game. Congratulations! Also, can you guys put the Insomniac Spider-Man in the game? That would make me very happy.", "It's great, though I found a major issue. I can't transfer data from one mobile device to another, or use cloud", "Love the game. Been playing for years. So much fun. They keep adding more. The events are awesome. I am really going to miss this game. I wish they would leave us with the Nokia version that we could play unlimited mode.", "gameplay can be very touchy sometimes not responding and the ad's omg the ad's...that being said if you like temple run game or are a Spider-Man fan I recommend atleadt giving this a try.", "the game is great but for some reasone it dose not let me recrute other spider men please fix it and i will give 5 stars", "My spider senses are tingling!! I love this game and im sad and pissed it will be no more in like 2 months.sucks.", "make it so you can use your webs during your run to attack enemys and the game sticks when I try to play it from the start of the tutorial.", "unfortunately this game has suffered a glitch that makes it entirely unplayable on my device I've had good experiences with this game in the past but now cannot stay in the game 2 seconds without being brought into an infinite loop of loading screens", "The best runner on mobile, offering such a rich experience - now announced dead from a dev that could have at least given us an offline mode.", "ok i can't deny that this game was the best i ever played but now you wanna shut it down i know that this has to end and after all part of the journey is the end but come on guys are you really going to shut it down without the last issue without an end for the story what about all the time i played...Full Review", "The graphics are wicked awesome but the controls should be improved this is the best running game ever . It's a good introduction to the spider verse . This is the Ultimate Spiderman game pun intended\ud83d\ude09", "this is my favorite game but the game always lags and then i fail the mission and it never shows the ad available but other than that the is great", "additional files downloading once failed it has to resume but i downloaded 500 mb again its starting from 1st \ud83d\ude20", "Ohk I do love your games and all nd i love Spider-Man games but I installed it nd it refused to download. I'm not happy bout it...what should I do .", "Welp, I guess we won't see anymore of my favorite game. :( Atleast it set a very good example of a Spider-Man game!", "Why is there so much loading at the beggining!Took up all my data but was worth it!Lol try this,you won't be dissapointed.", "Un muy excelente juego, despues de amuncio del cierre solo puedo decir... Muchas gracias por las horas de diversi\u00f3n y pues lamentablemente alg\u00fan dia ten\u00eda que terminar", "it is a good game and all but i have 2 complains the first one is i die all the time in the second issiue and second complain is that the game loads a lot and on the first day i downloaded it loaded about an hour", "I love spider man so i had to get this game and its awsome but it sucks that when you re install your game doesn't save your spidermen just to let you know", "A very good family friendly game but whenever i get to a web swing section the caracter will not swing so the run ends early ,", "game shuts off during play so the progress i made wasnt stored. besides that its a good game they just need to fix the bugs", "enjoyable game and amazing graphics...I didn't know about this game in my college days otherwise i would have downloaded it earlier...i think instead of shutting it down you should advertise this game more worldwide\ud83d\ude0a", "bucks thoughts funnel k handing shown just cull get mercury CSI cry h very", "As close as you can get to a Spider-Man game on a good phone or tablet. Sinister Six, fear the Unlimited Spider-Man!", "it is cool can you add more action explosions spiderman off of infinity war skin love your game tho", "You could give people more character in the game,you could make it more easier and you could drop the I so8 prices.It also takes too much space on my Samsung.", "very addictive if you love spider man like i do than this is the game for you so many characters and the graphics are really good this game is so much fun and it's the best spider man game for mobile for sure", "spidey is one of my favorite heroes and this game is the same, there are so much spideys and the game i love using scarlet spuder,spider man noir,spider grewn,and spider 2099,i love this game soooo so so much i recomend it", "Awesome Game But one issue Without Upadating That Game Not Run.Please You Fix That Problems We Update Game Whatever Time", "WHY DO U WASTE EVERYONES ENERGY IF YOUR PLAYING AS ONE CHARACTER AND FIX THE HARD CONTROLS", "I love it it's like Temple Run in Subway Surfer with but with action and new players that you can get from dimensions", "WHAT HAPPENS TO ALL THE MONEY I HAVE USED TO PLAY THE GAME NOW THAT YOIR SHUTTING DOWN?", "Fun action runner. Ads suck and getting specific heroes you want sucks based on rare chance between multiple cards. I needs my Spider Gwen! \ud83d\ude0d", "dont delete this game please. i put money into this. i really enjoy this game. ive had it ever since it came out.", "lovely but i dont know this game online work ya phir without net working plse ...jisss ko bhi pta hy phely btaa do taa k main game download krun", "love this app. One of the best Marvel superhero games I've ever played. that's part of the game is obviously how much Spider-Man and women theyre able to cram together into one game and it makes sense", "it is a great game have been playing it since 2 years cant believe u guys are closing it u guys gone nuts or what plz dont close the game", "I like how they made it a normal runner game, but they added more things like they do in other Marvel games.", "One of the worst ever games I Have plaued in a more than a decade. This game is hot trash", "I would rate the gameplay but when I downloaded the game it was too retarded to let me play the game!", "i already reinstall this game and its just got better, but most things in this game depends to much on internet, please add some offline features", "It is giving me trouble now. It starts and stops then terminates the app all of a sudden. It has been going on for a while. Fix it", "this game is very fun a nod addicting. if you love Spider-Man and the spider-verse and rooftop running games, you'll love this.", "downloaded this and wont let me play it keeps comimg out of it when i play start, tried to unistall and reinstall again but still doing the same", "You're shutting down, but this is my favorite mobile game of all time!! \ud83d\ude28\ud83d\ude30\ud83d\ude2d", "I am highly disappointed with this game, after i used 837MB just to download this game only for the game to stop after downloading & refuse to play.", "great game, I love it. It does get VERY repetitive, thats why I cant rate it 5 stars.", "\u0648\u0627\u0644\u0644\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0645\u0631\u0647 \u0631\u0648\u0639\u0629 \u0648\u062d\u0645\u0627\u0633 \u0648\u0627\u0644\u0644\u0647 \u062a\u0633\u062a\u0627\u0647\u0644 \u0623\u0643\u062b\u0631 \u0645\u0646 \u062e\u0645\u0633\u0629 \u0646\u062c\u0648\u0645 \u0648\u0627\u0646\u0635\u062d \u0628\u062a\u062d\u0645\u064a\u0644\u0647\u0627 \u0647\u064a \u0632\u064a \u0635\u0648\u064a\u0628 \u0628\u0648\u064a \u0628\u0633 \u0647\u064a \u0623\u062d\u0633\u0646 \u0645\u0646\u0647\u0627 \u0641\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0642\u062a\u0627\u0644 \u0648\u063a\u064a\u0631\u0647. \u0648\u0634\u0643\u0631\u0627\u064b", "Overall this game is epic and fun definitely download this. The game is being shut down soon though and when this happens keep swinging", "Ever since the last update, my game crashes as its loading when I open it. Any possible solution to this?", "was good until i got a new character,now about 1-3 minutes into the game takes me back to the home screen", "its great and fun only and only is that some times when i swipe he dies not move but over all its great", "Why huawei nova 2 lite can't play spiderman unlimited? \ud83d\ude22 Help me pls", "It's kinda good game you know but you gotta have some real fast reflexes to play as you go deeper inside the game.\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\ude0e\ud83e\udd29", "this game doesn't even pass the intro..but I once played it once and it the best with everything...idk wht went wrong and it took over 800mb of data", "why did you change everything with the UI put back to when the game first came out#OG DAYS", "Dear Gameloft I had started playing the game today and had saved 20 I -SO 8. Iplanned to buy a Infinite 3 portal that would give me pieces for a spider-man. I was hoping to get the 1000 pirces card or a little lower but instead i got a 150 pirce card. Please improve this feature.", "the graphics are good and this is the best Spiderman running game there is also web swinging I loved this game very much thankyou", "it makes you get rid of app just to play a crappy game so please make it so you don't have to get rid of anything and please make it better", "Very good game I like to mostly swing giving a awesome update that has only swing mode will excellent", "I have cleared 8 gb space from my storage but it ask for 307 MB more I want please shrink the game please", "Great game, but after update, it closes out of sudden when I continue with Ruby... And the Ruby gone even in actual the games do not continue, waste my Ruby.... Please fix it", "I haven't played it yet... because I need like 1 gb of storage!!! I don't have that much... when I download an app I like to have the mb that is from the app download and not additional storage to download", "Great game. Good graphics, controls, & gameplay. Great character lineup. Great social interaction. \u2668\ufe0f Too bod it's ending in March 2019 \ud83d\ude2d", "i thought they said its unlimited.after spoiling d game with greed.we ave to wait for hours so dat d characters can ave \"stamina\" dis is unfair, really unfair.", "best but in the special event i got the venom boss scene then when i started i saw the face on the ground if you love to do this then dont put bosses", "it's really fun and it allows me to pass time quickly. I suggest getting it if you need to past the time, love spiderman(like me), or/and understand the spiderverse. :)", "I love the game! It's a really addicting game and it's such a shame that the game is being shut down.", "I download the game yesterday and since then the game is working, when I am opening the app it's asking to download additional data in the beginning but the downloading doesn't get started", "Love the game im pretty comfident that i can pass rhe levels keep it up Marvel Spider man Unlimeted!", "great graphic, cool gameplay but it just have few free character and also bad control", "terrible visuals, zero gameplay (you just run forward and avoid obstacles), cashgrab", "Bad app it takes a lot of time to download when we install the game", "Game is being shut down at the end of March 2019...dont bother downloading...", "its very cool game.but some characters dosent have the usual voice and daily bonus is kinda stupid..improve please!!!!!!", "its a shame it has controller support but you have to play game vertical so no point i had to uninstall because of this shame i liked it but to bad can not change position of screen ... wasted my data you can only try it and see good game like temple run down load if you do not mind playing with out...Full Review", "I like this game , \u2764 A non stop action game with high graphic\ud83d\udc4d.... I'm addicted to this game \ud83e\udd29", "is the game shutting down for stan lee idk I think I guess", "I have played this game for 4 years on 3 platforms and have never gotten bored of it. It's sad to see it coming to an end.", "After last update, the game crashes when I try to recruit!! And the recruits count decrease!!", "I really like this game but I can't steer my character. I have an Android phone and I've uninstalled and reinstalled to no avail", "make an update on new year's eve which specially includes Tobey maguire's suit. Oh and Merry Xmas \ud83c\udf8a", "plz can you guys tell me why i have to waste 1.6gb to download this and it wont open.just feel like crying,plz fix this", "i cannot open portals using moto g5 plus pls fix issue for higher rating. it is an issue as i have lot of free portals to claim", "its so sad to it end on march 31 looks like im gonna miss playing as spider ham great game tho! i will miss it while it lasted", "Let me fix my statement. This is a wonderful game. I wish more people would play it.", "Love The Game But Please take out the stamina I hate waiting! But I give it 5 Stars*****", "police have same problem with the murder scene uihihohiio9or is a crime that can cause the same crime to be seen in the us as an adult or even more serious and more serious than the other two or two other cases where they can have an impact and the risk uriijjheieyeiueueyeisusisheishdiuiiiiii Heidhd...Full Review", "how doi get back in game when i can do the misson and dont delete it its really cool", "after the latest update, the game doesn't open and shows the dialog that the app has shut down unexpectedly", "this game is terrible it doesnt load in my phone it just makes a white blank screen", "well it...when u start the game you have to wait soooooo long to play 2 stars", "if you download it you will waste your time and mb", "Waste of time it's a combination of Subway surfers and Minion rush", "this is waste game and your data is gone do not download this game", "muralI11886 dggeffdffg d rfgrdfedfdd ddfydfgddsf fi office DCCC fr in each other it is addressed and different problems in r in the future of our Rx", "great game sad to see it go,hopefully yall make another spider-Man Game", "it doesn't work. the game just hangs after the loading screen.", "Waste game ever in the world.I would give 1 star for 5.", "I can't load it up \ud83d\ude1e\ud83d\ude1e\ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude2d its stuck in 27 percent (Not the installing part)", "If you wished to be a police man or woman this is good for us children to experience how to fight crime in the future as you grow up so you can get ready for bad guys", "would someone tell me how to use webs? running Spiderman looks useless if he can't swing over building.", "save your data pack bad game and it is not 900mb game\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02subway suofers is better than this"], "Chilly Snow": ["I like the concept, but the game is too easy for me. If I was younger, like, say, 10, this game would have been perfectly fine with me. I don't understand why this game is rated T; this is clearly an E game. Is it the ads that make it a T? And speaking of the ads, when other reviewers said that ther...Full Review", "Whole game is pretty entertaining. Just more feature like we can custom our balls, the background and add night mode. Ads? I dont mind them, i just turn of my wifi/data then the problem is solved! I know developing app is expensive so devs earn money from it. Good job for entertaining me devs!", "nice control and ski motion, and cute idea, could be worth even top marks, but way, way, way too much advertising. even after paying the game will not allow opt outs from \"personalized\" ads and data harvesting (!!!), and will propose ads for in-level revives at every \"death\". no opt for custom ads m...Full Review", "Lovely game, the word chilly isn't just for snow, cause it's a really chill game that can be played without having the stress other games give you. It's a great game, but I have two stars, because it gives 30 second unskipable ads. I don't mind ads, I know they need revenue somehow, but not like tha...Full Review", "This is the second time I'm reviewing this game. I am starting to get mad, you acid cousins, either let us play without retrieving our data, or I will sue you. For others that are reading this, the developers get your data without your consent nor permission to use it for who knows what, but probabl...Full Review", "Great app, highly replayable. One very annoying thing to watch out for though is that I upgraded to premium for no ads, and dont you know it still shows me a dialog that says \"watch ad to revive\"! I restarted the app and still same thing... It doesnt make me watch any of them and the ad bar goes awa...Full Review", "I love this game. Graphics are simple yet stunning, some can be said for gameplay. As much as I want to give it a five star rating, there are still room for improvement. First, dark mode. Since the background is mostly white, it is guaranteed to have an effect on battery life and display degradation...Full Review", "I love this game, I really do. It's well made and immersive. And Ads in between levels are totally okay as well, but being asked if you want to watch an Ad to continue, clicking no, and still getting an Ad just without the reward is total garbage", "A great time killer. Fun to see how fast you can go. Major downside is they doubled up on the adds. You ask if i want to watch an ad to be revived, then when i click 'no', you rest me and then sjow me an ad anyway. if the ads were dialed back, id 5 star.", "I gave one star. Not because I hated the game but because I couldn't even get to play it. It says they collect personal data for ads. I don't want that. Ads are okey but I don't want personalized ads and there is no other option. It's like selling your soul to the advertisement devils :D. So here is...Full Review", "Ads come up nearly every other game. You will hate this game unless every single rounds are being cleared in one shot. I would never recommend itto anyone except those who loves to watch ads all night long. way too many ads.", "Its very adictive, but a bit boring I must say. Whats the meaning of it? dodge trees and rolling stones, no daily gems to collect and maybe make different trails like rainbow trail and star trail. The ads are too much, almost after every run theres an ad. Like stop, its okay theres ads and its a nic...Full Review", "Fun game but I have a major complaint. When you get close to a tree you get points as well as a small congratulatory message like \"Smooth!\" and \"You're the king of the mountain!\" The problem is that when you hit a tree and die it counts as going close to that tree. So with every death you get berate...Full Review", "The game itself is decently fun. Simple graphics, easy controls. But the ads, my god. 20 seconds of gameplay followed by 30 seconds of ads. And the price of the ad-free version is way too much to justify a simple game like this. Ridiculous.", "The endless apps are killing the gameplay. It was fun for 10min. Would have wasily gotten at least 3 stars but after 10 Ads within the first 3 min I started to get annoyed.", "Just another terrible tower defense game... Oh, I'm sorry, is this not World War Rising? I guess I was just confused because I had more screen time on that game's ads than playing yours. Here's a tip: Maybe if you don't annoy your players in the first ten minutes with obnoxiously frequent ads, they'...Full Review", "Nice looking game, but very basic. The number of long ads are annoying. Wasn't willing to pay $5 for ad free as i didn't find the game very interesting. Isn't as fun as the old ski free game.", "Just reached level 203!! Great game that helps me relax, though it would be nice to have the option of recording your wins. Night mode needs to come back and there are way too many ads.", "it's a fun game, but I don't understand the concept of the game. are you supposed to avoid the trees or hit them? Because sometimes I'll hit a tree and it'll say great job but then I'll die from it and I don't understand. If it was a little bit more clear it would be an awesome game", "Ads ads ads. I understand the way to make money is to advertise but forcing me to watch an ad everytime even if I don't choose to revive is absolutely ridiculous. If it weren't for that the game would be a lot of fun.", "Game might be nice, but SO MANY ADS, couple of minutes of gameplay - more than 5 ads. Most annoying part - if I get the option to watch an ad to revive, abd I choose no - I still get an ad shoved in my face. Sadly - uninstalling.", "Back to 4 stars now that we're no longer stuck with ads. That's half a star \noff for killing endless play and half a star off for the premium price of \n$3.49, especially since ads are still present for those who want to \ncontinue a level after hitting a tree.", "Fun, simple to play game. Problem tho, when trying to mute the game, it works while in game. However, when you exit the app and restart, it's no longer muted, even though the menu says it is. So you have to unmute then mute it again. Not a big deal, just rather annoying.", "Perfect to drown in ads! Some seconds of non-optional ads every two runs, and these do not last long. I like the idea of the game, but the amount of ads is just too annoying.", "Ads are absolutely ridiculous. I just close my app and restart after every third run, but now I even have ads at the bottom of the screen, destroying whatever calming effect the otherwise clean graphics and relaxing gameplay. Another good mobile game ruined by the greed of the developer. Would be an...Full Review", "I really liked this game but I'm extremely disappointed in the customer \nservice. I selected in-app purchase $3.49 to eliminate ads and I'm still \nseeing lengthy ads after the purchase. I tried emailing the developers but \nI received a bounce back on my email. What happened? Can someone please \nresp...Full Review", "Horrible update takes you inside ads even when you click no thanks. Used to like the game but now it just cannot get any more annoying. Absolutely hated it. It's not playable.", "The change in your ad service is really bad. I played this game over others because the ads were not spammed and they were quick to be able skip. Now they stop my music and come up after every second fail.", "would be better if the ads were served less frequently. Asked me if I wanted to watch an ad to continue, I said no and I was served an ad anyway and put at the start.", "Cool game, reminds me of a similar one on Commodore128 back in the day. But it has waaaaay too much ads, you spend more time watching the ads than playing the game. And then there is the data usage problem.", "uninstalled it before I'd even finished two simple levels because i was bombarded with so much advertising. a pointless trip to hell. if you fancy some some skiing on your phone, check out alto's odyssey - which is beautiful and addictive.", "Simple relatively nice game. Too many ads though. After every death you get a 30 sec adv. Also there are elevated rights without reason. Thanks but no thanks", "It's a great game! I love that it is easy to play, but it's possible to make it harder by going near more trees. Somebody mentioned ads-I haven't gotten any ads so far, and I've died about 10 times. It's great!", "Game is fine. However, there are way too many advertisements, and that just completely ruins the experience. Developers should really get out of the habit of putting ads in games; it just ruins it. And because of this, I uninstalled it.", "this game is beautiful and fun. I love this game so much it's surprisingly easy but fun at the same time. this is one of my favorite games and if u get annoyed by all the adds then just turn off your wifi. :)", "There is one ad that is completely inappropriate for my children to see. Bigo or something like that. My daughter was playing this game on my phone and that's the second time it's popped up. Can you please remove the ad? I don't like my children seeing that. It's not a game, therefore shouldn't be s...Full Review", "okay, but a brainless game. All the levels are same, nothing new or creative. And so many ads (30sec long) and that is freaking annoying. it never stops.", "A nice game.. Those who keep pubg, in their phones, must keep a backup game something like this to play, in case of poor network connectivity to play pubg...or incase of your friends are busy and you hate to squad up in automatching... You can play this game...Nice graphics and better controls.", "WAY TOO MANY ADS! It forces me nuts! AHH I JUST WANT TO FIND A GOOD GAME! I'M SO DELETING THIS APP.\ud83d\ude32", "Incredible amount of ads. After each level you have to watch an ad to continue. I'm not kidding when I say that the ads are longer than the actual levels. Just not fun to play like that.", "A video add after every crash and every level! Perfect way to ruin a possible fun game but no-one would play long enough to find out. uninstalling after playing 2 mins (30% of which was ads).", "Nice game but in first game... i hit a tree and didn't want to watch the add to continue, so i clicked \"No thanks\"... just to get a 30 second unskipable add. Trash!", "The tap controls will switch randomly on the left and right sides of the screen, so I never know which way the ball will turn. There is so setting to adjust which way you'd like the controls to function.", "Really enjoyed this game when it was a continuous run and you tried to see how far you could go and how high you could get your score. Now that they've changed it to a level completion game, is not as entertaining.", "shame about the change, I used to play to older version of the game where you could switch the colours of the ball or landscape and you could even play in night mode and stuff and there were faaaaaar less ads, I get it you need a way to make profit but if someone doesn't want to watch and ad to revi...Full Review", "super addictive game, add a point ranking system and I'll give it 5 stars. As of right now points are meaningless though", "Adds pay for the work devs do, but get in the way of getting a good vibe from the game when its constantly and abruptly disturbed by annoying and irrelevant adds. I could've just bought the game but as I didn't even get 10 sec into the game to even get a feel of what it was like, I refuse to buy it ...Full Review", "Why are there levels this completely ruins the game before you could try and beat your score to unlock new balls backrounds and trees now you play for nothing except for the next level being completely randomized plz fix", "Really fun chill game, really nice to relax and zone out with since it isnt too dificult, but hard enough it often takes a few tries. Good to listen to podcasts with. Some unlockables or customisation would be cool, just to keep it interesting. Like trails for your snowball or colour themes or somet...Full Review", "something boring to do when you don't have anything else to do. too many ads but thankfully it's faster to restart the game than watch the ad", "The ads have completely ruined the fun experience of the game. The game is really addictive and enjoyable, but the ads appear after every game. There is an option to skip ads, but it just doesn't work. And the ads go on for 30 seconds.", "older version was laggy ..this new one has too many ads.. down to one star. good job", "As a developer, I understand your wish to monetize your game with ads, but there are way to many for a friendly user experience. Shame because the game itself looked like fun.", "If you're not a fan of data collection in games, don't bother with this. I appreciate the fact that you have to consent to the collection, however I don't like that you have to allow it just to play this free mobile game. I'm also not too keen on the app requesting to use your location. Maybe I'm ju...Full Review", "Can't play without given data sharing consent. Malaciously and abusively, disgusting.", "Favorite go-to game hands down. Just wish there were some changes in game play such as different modes or obstacles and abilities. Love it though!", "Far far too many unskippable ads. I uninstalled because of how often and \nintrusive the ads were. They constantly paused my music and didn't restart \nit at the end of the ad, providing me endless frustration", "Its pretty fun at first, but it's just the same thing over and over. the graphics are horrible, allot more effort could have been put into the game.", "Lagging too much in 15 level and in 16 level even worse. However starting levels were smooth", "I died as soon as it started, and a 30 second ad popped up. I couldn't close the ad and that irritated me. As a result, I immediately removed the app.", "Please bring back night mode. It was much nicer to play in the dark. Also, \nmaybe go easy on the ads. I have to turn data off to play now as otherwise \nthere's more ads than game...", "the ad's make this umplayable. even the ones that i didnt ask for (revive) have a limit to when you can exit. plus they show up every two lives lost and everytime i reach the end of a level. the build of this app doesn't justify this ammount of ad's, better made apps have much less.", "Number of Ads is Insane though the game is fun. Need to seriously cut back on the mandatory ads, getting ready to just uninstall the thing.", "the game itself is great. But the number of ads one has to see is incredibly frustrating. you spend as much time watching ads as playing the game", "Too many ads, basically at the end of a level there's an ad, if someone wanna to replay levels he can't, points are pretty useless if the purpose of the game is ending levels, the menu is so poor and doesn't give you ints what icons stands for sometimes.", "I really wanted to like this game, but the ads just kill it. It'd be one thing if you saw an ad when you crash OR when you finish a level, but to see 8 ads after 10 runs, too many. I'm done.", "Good game but far too many ads. ad after every third attempt so u can spend more time watching adverts than playing", "Incredibly fun game, but way too many ads. The ads are between but also during the short levels (even when you opt out of watching an ad to continue where you were, you still get to see ads, I mean, why even bother giving the option?) There's also a bit of a vague user consent in the game, I almost ...Full Review", "Good game but ads are way to intrusive. Interrupt game play. Border ads are okay but full screen videos kill data and are hard to get rid of", "Although this is a fun and addictive time-killer, the ads are intrusive into the experience. If there is an ad-free version I'd give it 5 stars and pay modestly for it!", "i dont want to watch ad to Revive. when i click click NO THANK button. why it shows me the ad anyway?", "The game play is simple and easy to jump right in on. If only there weren't so many ads. And the ad-free version is 3.5 bucks. Screw that. Make it a dollar.", "decent time passer... not too many ads, but game downloads ads while you play, making the graphics hesitate and freeze. better if you play in airplane mode.", "no bug fix i hate this game this is bad please help me guys. this was good game until bugs started happening and i reinstall and all it doesnt fix help", "I've never played a game that has this frequent amount of ads - every 3 deaths (which is nothing)! This game is in other words, not really free, its \u00a33.20 (the ads will drive you insane). Other than that it's simple, yet fun but would have enjoyed it a lot more if it wasn't for the ever so annoying ...Full Review", "Great time-waster! While I was playing this game, YouTube Rewind passed 100 million dislikes!", "Banner ads, GDPR requirement, obnoxious 15 second ads after almost every game. Totally excessive, and I'm not paying to get rid of them based on two rounds. Uninstalled.", "Too many ads. One turn might take ten seconds, then you have to watch an ad for 20 seconds that you cant skip or have an overlay on. Just let us play the game you made.", "This game goes nowhere. No progression of an kind other than numbers and colors. Terrible ad to gameplay ratio as well.", "the game was fun and addictive at first. But then the the controls started acting up and the ads will pop out of nowhere in the middle of the game.", "after every death there is an ad. the game could be good but i spend more time watching the ad than actually playing it", "it's boring. every level has the same challenges just in a different colour", "The games itself is amazing, I love it so much, but there a wayyy to many \nadds if there weren't so many I would Give the game a 5 star but there are \njust too many adds!", "Please bring back night mode and free play mode. This game was better \nbefore there were levels...", "I like the simplicity of this game. The controls are fairly easy you can either tap or long press to control the snowball's decend. I enjoy how the further you get, the obsticales you have to dodge as you decend. I give this game 5 stars because it sustains my intress when I just wanna relax and pla...Full Review", "if I could give less I would. would have been a great game but I payed to remove the Ads and it did not when I contacted them there email adress was unavailable.", "Simple but entertaining. If there's a pause button I don't know about it but it would be nice to have when you're having a good run and someone starts talking to you.", "put exit msg n movable joystick controller n slow music is awesome during playing game but need to raise a little volume. Thanks a lot.....", "too many ads. even you don't want to watch it. even you have already watched it before 60 seconds but it comes. shity game ever", "Keep up with all the ads, my adblocker turns them into nothing ;)", "played once then uninstalled. way too many ads. when i died, it asked me to choose to either watch a vid to revive or wait a few seconds so i waited. STILL HAD TO EATCH ADS. kbye", "They make game too difficult after 180th stage. Been struck at level 182 for a week.", "I love the idea and gameplay but when I'm relaxing playing and an ad yells CHARGE! it completely ruins the want to play. Please rethink your ad delivery!", "Controls are expertly wonderful, I like its physics. It's just the game is so repetitive .", "Great game. Addictive and challenging but not too hard. It would be nice if you could unlock different backgrounds and balls. Maybe a reverse mode of climb? But still a great. Definitely not a waste of storage. I definitely recommend it!\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04", "the amount of ads in this game is ridiculous, its not even really a game its just stream of ads occasionally broken up by \"gameplay\"...they are 30 second uninterruptable ads, installer beware no game is worth this", "great game and if you're complaining about some stupid adds just turn off internet.anyway it has the same amount of it like any other game like this", "An okay game, but terrible saturation of ads and inability to remove consent to use my personal data. This 'game' is little more than glorified malware. Avoid!!", "finally found a fun game. but too way too many ads to keep it", "Good graphics, smooth controls but while passing levels you can't experience that much Challenge and play previous levels", "you can't play add while i had just play 30 seconds, you can't without my permission, bad impression, this will go bad, so i am uninstalling now.", "OK game. Ads are beyond awful. Got hit with an ad after barely playing for one minute. Got prompted to watch an ad to revive after crashing, declined it, and got hit with an ad anyway right afterward. Uninstalled.", "More adds then games. Deinstalled after first game. I complete level one in ten secs, then I had to wait 30 secs for adds to close. Bye bye stupid game.", "Good game - bad permissions. Simply put, asking for read/write access and location is completely unnecessary for a simple game.", "I thought rhis would be just an ordinary endless runner, but it is unique and fun. The controls are simple. The level concept similar to helix jump makes it addictive to keep playing. I normaly dont like simple games but this one is good.", "App : Watch An ad to Revive & User : No Thanks & App : Playing Add Like A Boss \ud83c\udf1a\ud83c\udf1a *Fix This If U Want The user To Have the best experience* \ud83d\ude42\ud83d\ude42", "I didnt like this app at first then i deleted it. then i saw it updated on my birthday and i played it the next day and loved it. its like Acid Cousins gave me a birthday gift!", "to many damn adds, you get to play like 2 games then you have to watch a 30 second ad to keep playing", "Some update ideas : - the stones destroy the trees - some characters to be the ball sorry for my bad english ( i am from romania and i am 12 )", "you dumb nuts all you have to do is turn your pjone on airplana mode... and pooophf you ainf got no moe adddddsssss. GGEEEEEZZZ", "Employs one of the ugliest way to show ads. Makes it full screen redirecting to play store when I try to press \"back\"", "I installed the game, played for about 20 seconds, then a 15 second long ad poped up. Not a nice beginning. :D", "you are forced to watch ads literally in every 15 seconds. Does not matter if you die or make through the level. Garbage app.", "sorry but the ads are too much, audio of ads play automatically by default, can't revisit old levels for relaxed gaming, unlocking is expensive...too many flaw even though the gameplay and graphic are well done.", "its wonderl full time killing game with easy controlls any one easily play and have fun with it and somewhat additive tooo. over all i like its simplicity and gameplay", "time wasted game... i found anything interesting in it...", "El juego en s\u00ed es buen\u00edsimo, tranquilo, relajante y adictivo. Pero... Hay demasiados anuncios, entiendo el porqu\u00e9, pero a pesar de que un objetivo es no estrellarse tantas veces ahora se suma el no morir por los anuncios antes de cada respawn. Por favor, bajenle un poquito a ellos, para que el juego...Full Review", "Another shameless ripoff of Dave Chenell's 2015 game 'Powder'. As always it's ads galore because it's not about the game at all.", "Just fantastic game.Thanks to developers for creating this game.Please add some level or multiply system so that we can play with our friends.Or u guys can add some race mod in this game.I will wait for this update.Thank you.\ud83d\ude04", "It's a cool game but the adds are irritating and puts me off and it would puts other people off too abt the game", "Though the concept was good, the ads and the controls were poor. Sometimes it would go right and sometimes to the left on pressing the same end of the screen. Though I was hooked on the game, all these factors made me uninstall it.", "\u041d\u043e\u0440\u043c \u043d\u043e \u0440\u0435\u0430\u043b\u044c\u043d\u043e \u044f \u043d\u0430\u0431\u0440\u0430\u043b 6329 \u043e\u0447\u043a\u043e\u0432 \u043f\u043e \u0447\u0435\u043c\u0443 \u0442\u0430\u043a \u043b\u0435\u0433\u043a\u043e \u0438\u0433\u0440\u0430\u043b 5 \u043c\u0438\u043d\u0443\u0442.\u0418 \u043a\u0441\u0442\u0430\u0442\u0438 \u0443 \u043c\u0435\u043d\u044f \u0442\u0430\u043a\u043e\u0439 \u0436\u0435 \u0442\u0435\u043b\u0435\u0444\u043e\u043d \u043a\u0430\u043a \u043d\u0430\u043f\u0438\u0441\u0430\u043b Mad_Ghost", "Basic game with simple but good graphics, it runs smoothly but the number of the ads which pop up make the game unplayable.", "TIP: Turn your data off when playing to stop adverts from ruining the gameplay. its ok. sking with a ball \ud83c\udfbe", "Way too many ads. Each level is like 15 seconds. Then a 30 second ad. And they're so loud!...", "The game is very good and so are the controls . People are mostly complaining about the ads , which yes , is true but you can play this game offline also, its equally good, plus you don't get to watch the ads !", "This game used to be great, now it's just ads, way too many. It sucks", "When the adds are longer then the game itself, the only mark it deserves is 1 \u2639 and premium for 3$ not really worth it.", "i hate this game the first round i did not tell me how to play, like do i tilt my phone, do i tap, ect...", "Ads after Every level? I feel They added the levels just to throw ads on your face.", "terrible controls going left then right then it chooses to throw you left even though your not pressing left", "I don't like how you tap right to go left.and left to go right but that is all my concern.good day", "This game is great but the amount of adds make the game be really frustrating I played offline sometimes just to do not get adds", "they steal your data, theres too many ads and the game feels very unpolished.", "really great game, but flashy ads make it unplayable. sad but true", "The amount of ads is not ok, I'd pay a dollar to get rid of em but 3,50$ is too much", "Ads get in the way and are waaay too agresive", "Not playable without GDPR not accepting. What do you need location permission for?", "Garbage bin of forced ads. Gives you the option to skip video ads but then forces them on you.", "Way too much forced ads. Super annoying. Also, why do you need my location. Uninstalled!!\"", "google duo ads are turning me mad!!!!n why does the game hang though it has such a less storage.", "Ads!!Ads!!!and a hell lot of ads!!!!. cmon man an ad shows up after every second run, that too unskippable until 30 secs. Its so annoying!! Ended up uninstalling it", "Irritating ads after every level. Its killing the game", "too many ads... i get devs need money for their work, but this is ridiculous.", "A simple game that is easy to get into. Go near trees for bonus points. ads if you die and some at the bottom of the screen. I thoights it was a pkeasinf experoenfe overall", "Game is great and simple. But the ads are forcing me to turn it off. Way too much ads.", "Deleting because Ads are literaly consuming more time than the actual game.", "ads after every level gets annoying plus its not challenging.", "Way too many ads, 30 seconds ad after every level.", "so many ads its unreal. causes an immense amount of lag unplayable", "Good job, developer! You made a good and easy to learn game without shoving an ad in peoples faces every 5 seconds, rare find these days!", "good game ,should have like little people and also should have animals you can look at along the way.", "Great idea, but way too many ads, I mean come on this is ridiculous...", "Forces you to accept GDPR consent, they give you the right to withdraw but it removes the ability to play the game and just asks you to accept again. KTHXBAI", "Very addictive game i loved it but there are way too much ads.Some of the ads appear as soon as the level finishes, its so annoying", "I can't play game with interrupting ads and the ads displayed below the screen..", "Nice game but too many ads, and I'd like to have an infinity mode where there are no levels and you can just see how far you can go", "I don't Know What is this?? Game or watch for ads. Too much Ads Ads ads ads", "the idea is good, but you can't select the levels, if you have to delete the app you lose all your progress, every now and then the touch isn't responding and the ads are really annoying and loud.", "i always come back to this game when i want a challenge or when im bored.", "i dont like the new game , where can i find a older version ?", "I'm uninstalling this ridiculous app because of the irritating Azar add..", "The game is good but there is little problem: its full of apps and it really bothers me. Because of that i deleted the game and gave it 3 stars.", "Way better back when there was free play and night. The creators should have both levels and free play mode.", "Good fun game, easy to waste time. So many ads, like seriously ease up on them.", "I am Just Obliged to accept on there terms to take access on my data . not the first app... they should bi stopped my data is for me . your data is for you . ITS PRIVITE !!!!!", "Too much ads, I gave up in 3 minutes", "nice game but full with bothering ads, I installed it due to large amount of annoying ads", "good game and guys just turn off ur Wi-Fi if u think it has 2 many adds", "why did you change it, the other version where it was how far could u go was so much better please add this as a mode. But it is still alright", "good game, one thing though, when you die it asks you if you want to watch an ad to revive, which is like fair game, but even when you decline the offer it still plays an ad", "Good game but seeing ads after every game is so irritating and guess what you can't skip it. Ads arr 30s long.", "worst game full of adds which u cant even skip ..", "A perfect game environment and mood being constantly tampered by ads that eat my data . Very poor Ad placement .", "SO MANY ADDS! It's just impossible to play", "it's quite boring and shoves a lot of ads in your face", "Too many ads in free version is so irritating.", "when it says watch an ad to revive and you say no it plays an ad...", "Such a relaxing app to play, no frustrating difficulty levels, no annoying sounds, can play for hours on end. An app worth paying for, but it's free, I urge everyone to play this.", "after the first 3 consecutive ads, I was done. Seems like it would be a fun game, just minus the frequent and inappropriate ads.", "Need chill music, and it will soooo relaxing. Radiating big uwu energy \ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude17", "good game and improve remove ads pop video and plus add music peaceful and my high score 1637 point and delete app and good day", "There is nothing new. After a while, feeling bored.", "redownloaded the game after a year of not playing and hate how they changes it to levels and so many ads. It was much better before.", "I like how the developer asks for consent with the ads, and doesn't overdo it either. Gameplay is simple but also great! Smooth mechanics.", "This game is ruined by ads,you are forcing players that enjoy your game to watch way too many ads...", "Game is fun, but ads every 30 seconds is just outrageous. I saw no option to remove ads. Don't waste your time.", "Im quite enjoying the game but its not a game you would play everday its more like a game you would play every minute.Its a very fun game", "The game is good, but it gets repetitive no other challenges in the game. Better to improve the levels.", "there are a ton of ads but I can just hack the game so there's no ads so I dont care", "Good gameplay, but so many ads, that it's all in all unplayable and absolutely not enjoyable", "no doubt the app is good but the kind of ads the game has makes me embarrassed to play when i am sitting with family", "This game has too many ads, but the gameplay is fun,challenging, and unique. So i'll still give it five\ud83d\ude01", "Way too many adds on the free version.", "tired of the ads after every game i play.", "It is no fun Does'nt do anything more", "this game is stupid and dont waste your time on it", "Too many ads. Not enjoyable to play", "To way many ads... Also there is no option to close to game normally... And also they taking your data without permission", "very nice game ,there is an easy way to win this game ,just turn off rotation and hold ur phone upside down then play, the trees and rocks will be more visible,,,,, cheers"], "Math Exercises for the brain, Puzzles Math Game": ["Best app for improving calculations fast..", "Good", "This game actually does challenges your mind. I have played others, but they don't really challenge you to actually think and make your mind process the answer faster. I enjoy doing this. I really hope that the new games come out soon.", "\u041e\u0447\u0435\u043d\u044c \u0431\u043e\u0434\u0440\u0438\u0442 \u043c\u043e\u0437\u0433\u0438 :) \u0438 \u043a \u0442\u043e\u043c\u0443 \u0436\u0435 \u043f\u0440\u0438\u044f\u0442\u043d\u044b\u0439 \u0438\u043d\u0442\u0435\u0440\u0444\u0435\u0439\u0441!", "This game should be renamed \"EVADING ADVERTISEMENT'.", "goddess but not best", "very useful and powerful that incease brain function speed it really works.", "it improves concentration,mind power,alert ness", "increase b", "A great app for humans.", "Awesome!", "Nice game", "\u062e\u0648\u0628", "so fun!!!!", "great", "nice", "good", "good", "enjoying it", "Was quite a challenge, as the difficulty went up as I finished the early challenges. Love it!", "It is so good I like it bec if u r holding the phone it ll not be bad cease u r learning math not looking for Instagram or Facebook or anything now I ll say to u hold the phone bec u ll learn mathematics", "Thank you this app is just what I was looking for as an excercise to sharpen my math skills (and replenish some brain cells ; 0))", "I think this game is awsome it's really helps me practice for my academic meets!", "This game is awesome! Not only is there math fact practice, but other games...\ud83d\ude0f\ud83d\udc3c", "excellent game excellent game ! It make my child good in maths . In this we can play game of maths with others also .", "I've only been playing the app for a little while now, but so far I don't have any complaints. It's a good time passing app that also trains your brain.", "its actually an app that makes your brain smarter at math. anyway, i love the training section, i can customize any type of calculation that i want\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffb. i think the only problem here is idk why i have to wait for a long time to duel.", "Way too many ads. Not respectful of my time. Removed.", "dinesh it do he to t to if g g to to of do it to to try of ran it's tell do it at if Rd to in the go on to I'll g g FG hg do if to in red in the reply to see if so g Rd yessir wf we it so he g hi day is going good a gsh to have u if a hr to of to rent is to we it to it that I have to u gr in to re t...Full Review", "i would like better instructions and explanation of games. also recommendatios on what i may need to work on. inspirations would be nice. game is just plain. but i like the purpose.", "This app os great, it times you to see your reflexes in math and how fast you can do math i keep getting better and better at math", "why would anyone want to pay $5 MONTHLY to play games that can be downloaded for free?", "enjoys this, keeps you thinking", "awesome.. keeps me engaged during leisure time", "Very easy to get back into math practices with this app. Starts easy and gets progressively more challenging. Only downside is the ads", "My name is Monica. I am learning a lot from this math app.", "this game is very interesting . lots of fun with orally math solving problems that is so good.", "yeheyy for free exercises. applicable even for my kid. kudos", "Game is great. changed my review from 1 star to 5. love it", "this is very good App for our mind and improve to solving problems in exam", "good. its helps to accelerate the mental math calculations.", "great mind training", "It is very important app for students", "this app helps you a lot in math :) thank to who made this :)", "you have to think very focused as things get harder", "excellent app for children to develop calculation speed and to create interest among them in mathematics.", "Love it! Keeps my mind sharp", "Good but way too many ads", "my math is getting faster by practicing daily for 10 minutes using this app.", "This app is so great and easy", "Itis a very fun maths game, but way tooany ads.", "is the beast app it easy to use semple", "it's a nice mind provoking app", "Great. useful game for calculation and it helps much to improve the brain much better!!!", "it is soooooooo good it even has timetables like come on this is the next level", "Uninstalled", "Time flies when I play this game because it's really fun", "definitely will help improve your quick math skills", "I'm a math nerd and I love these games", "thank you for this app", "My most favourite game. Give me more!", "Guy who is working on the guidelines", "what0 is your sister", "Super fun way to practice simpler mathematical calculations", "that is so so so so so so so GOOOOOOOOD. I LOOOOOVET SOOOO MUCHHHHH!!!! thanks for the app greater", "i am really enjoying this application.. it's mind blowing", "it is very usefull for everyone as a game it is doing study", "Brain games to keep you smart!", "it is very helpful for improve calculation power.", "i like it i can lean math easily\ud83d\ude0d", "it speed up ur maths calculation", "train yourself to calculate it on your own", "very helpful for me to improve skills", "This game is so addictive!", "It is very cool app!", "No words", "Super app", "I like it so much so interesting", "great tool to stay sharp.", "I'm really love it!", "Excellent Searching for such a app", "nice and very good app", "Great game must have", "its really good for practicing", "the best of games brain mental", "awesome game to increase speed", "very good app for Lerner", "it's a fun way to chill.", "Love it! fun and educational!", "Super... brain boosting app.", "Very helpful for exams.", "It's a fun app.", "I love this game", "good brain exercise", "Its really amazing", "great so far", "I love this app", "yah good app", "good exercise of brain", "great for brain exercising", "good math puzzle", "its a good app", "i like this learning game", "Need to work on it.. loved it..", "so far so good", "Fun and educational.", "nyc", "super", "lumayan", "ok", "entertainment", "super", "it's great app", "Love it \u2764\ufe0f", "good app\ud83d\udc4c", "good app.", "love it!", "awesome!", "perfect !", "\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00", "\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18", "\ud83d\udc4c", "Very good", "so good", "Good game", "great app", "Good App", "OK good", "great game", "nice loved it", "Verry Good", "love this app", "cool games", "not bad", "good nice", "Good for math", "Very nice", "best of all", "Exceptional.", "Fantastic..", "nice", "\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude00", "good", "good", "good", "great", "good", "fun", "Nice", "love it", "Good", "best", "Good", "Love it", "awesome", "perfect", "good", "good", "superb", "excellent", "it good", "Great", "challenging", "good", "good", "it's a good app but the reason why I have put 3 stars was because I kept doing duels and it was the same person every time and also there's not enough games like algebra and you can't costumeize them. apart from that it is very good.", "If you are struggling with math and others this is the app for you", "like it. just dont like to buy coins of course", "Really nice cognitive game. Want to steengthen your memory and mind, play this game.", "excellent but all the apps inside this app they made already exsist just like puzzle 2048,and such on but still its so ecstatic", "great app, seems like it'll be of some help to me and yas the structure(graphics) built is really appreciable.", "wake up brain workout", "no errors allowed", "wow this is nice app", "powerful app it can help you get better", "i love it so much like i love math", "It's really good", "A lot of fun.", "best math app", "it is very nice game", "real best", "helpful.", "\ud83d\ude18 good", "Excellent", "Nice", "awesome", "great", "excellent", "Great app to keep yourself in metal shape! it's been so long since I stopped doing metal math that I was making a lot of mistakes but the improvements didn't take long to show. Thanks for your awesome job!", "Helps with practicing the simple mathematical computations. The fact that is starts easier and gets harder gradually shows how ingenuis the developpers were.", "really challenging. even i hate math i cant deny i love this style of math. thank you", "very good for train brain but aftar some day,,i think it is boring.....so plz relise update its interface.......thanks for a nice game", "So far I'm pretty impressed, keep up with the good work.", "I would like a share button to share the game with people", "The game is quite fun", "very good app for testing the preparedness of the brain for quick maths.", "Good math improve game..", "Keeps your brain in shape.", "If you want to learn math and you want to fast your calculation then this is best app for you", "it made me really smart and it have me a active brain!\ud83d\ude22"], "Huuuge Casino Slots - Play Free Slot Machines": ["When I first started playing I loved it. it was exciting. But now the games are so tight and with every update the odds of winning decrease for some reason. The Betty bonus every 15 mins should be at least  $1 million coins,like how long can you play on 100k. Huuuge has become very greedy and have s...Full Review", "Huuuge / Billionaire is a true scam. If you read all the reviews people confirm this and the company tries to explain it as luck. There is no luck involved at all. Most if not all positive reviews have been placed there by the company to sucker people in. I personally wouldn't play this game if I di...Full Review", "Takes your real money to get fake money. If you dont buy, you dont win. Many times wished to delete it, but love the people in my club like family. Boring games, stupid updates and maintenance all the time.", "Great gameplay but slots have tightened up HUUUGE since I've played last. You'll get the real casino experience as you walk away with shame and an empty wallet. Edit after reply: I've played enough to know that isn't true but nice snowflake of an answer. It's cool, still fun besides it's a damn game...Full Review", "this game sucks. There are so many slots that surpass this one please don't waste your money with it. it just eat up chip pretending to be a real vegas experience. horrible. Five star was a mistake. This slot game could be worth playing but there are so few wins for me and my team and I have been pl...Full Review", "Almost too much fun. This is the gold standard when it comes to slot games. I defy you to find better. Huuuge Casino and Billionaire Casino are my two \"go to\" games. I am having way too much fun and meeting new people almost daily. Absolutely love these two games.", "Huuge Casino has gotten way to greedy. I have been with them for 3-4 years now. It use to be real fun but, not any more! They make it very hard to win anything to keep you buying chips. I truly wish I had never found this site! If it wasn't for my club I would most definatly quit and still might!", "played this casino for a few years now...loved it , was addictive, spent 1000s of dollars on this game . they eventually leave you broke. plus they changed everything and it's even worse. cant win nothing after you reach lvl 1000. they just want you to spend $$ dont do it.", "Right now I would not be a give you one star! This game was awesome. But as the years gone by...the game became frustrating. Spin for nothing! Huuge will access your Wi-Fi! Then you will lose all your coins! Don't waste your time. And do not buy chips!!!!", "Have been playing their video poker games, examining win/loss on perfect hand holds. It would appear these games are not true to video poker games and are calculated more like a slot machine than constant randomized cards. Very bad. its a shame they could capitalize on being one of the only online c...Full Review", "it's really good.Except Black Jack the dealer gets 20 95% of the time when they have a 10 value showing. They also beat you by 1 way too much. They said it's close to the same as a casino, I think the dealer wins on here way more.", "Extremely frustrating! Can't win! Very unfair! How is it that you spin all day and can't win a thing? Can't win enough to keep playing! Yes, you say lady luck and that's bull. Can't hit any jackpots, yeah bull.", "buy twice 32 gold tickets but fail to get a single gold puzzle to complete my 3gold puzzle..it s\u00e8em like a scam to buy more ticket..truly greedy huuuge have been now! huuuge even make dorothy slot dificult to win nowday with it new format..all is in a mess at huuuge!", "it was great until all the maintainance issues they used to let you use diamonds to help others or give yourself extra chips and you used to get a silver ticket when you fill your lottery line now its bronze that doesnt help to try and complete the big puzzles plz huuge casino bring back all the the...Full Review", "This casino has become very tight with wins.. very difficult to win anything anymore. Dont enjoy losing. Not near as much fun as it used to be but i love my team.", "They keep changing the games to stop winning they get you hooked at first letting you win then it stops they are greedy and want your money. they say its algorithms but some of the bonus games are set in what you win totally a money sucker", "Fun game but slots could be a little looser with the jackpots an big wins. got tighter after my review I think they don't like me", "Game used to be enjoyable, but with every update they're working on reducing the chances of winning and getting decent gameplay unless your willing to sign up and buy in game credit.", "any positive reviews for any huuuge casino apps are all fake. this company feeds on your addictions. To the employees of huuuge - gluttony and greed are sins enjoy life because what is waiting for you after is eternal damnation.", "Has anyone else notice that if you write a bad review there comment back is always the the same...I assure you blah blah blah...actually in regards to your response you libtard your app is rigged and I'm not the only one that sees it...you act like your paying out real money ...news flash its real m...Full Review", "It's a great game but too many issues connecting. I'm deleting after my v.i.p chips are up. Tired of these issues.", "took some time away from this app, came back because I missed the friendships, and Huuuge still greedy and manipulative as EVER!!! As usual, a few lucky people on our 100 person team, getting close to a trillion chip bank, the rest of us very B.R.O.K.E! Just spun over 700 million in BONUS chips off ...Full Review", "IF THE GAMES WERE NOT RIGGED TO MAKE PEOPLE BUY MORE CHIPS CONSTANTLY IT WOULD BE MUCH BETTER AND A LOT MORE FUN.", "totally ripping players off in game continues freezing and spinning complaints not answered on time lottery tickets not fair odds buys not cheap for returns made events slot changed when running there events so not a very fair game to play it is not a very understanding customers service always same...Full Review", "I REALLY LOVE THIS GAME THE BEST OUTVTHERE BUT YOU BUY LOTTERY TICKETS AND GET NOTHING FOR IT COME ON GIVE US SOMETHING, AND LET US WIN A LITTLE MORE !! getting tired of this game", "hatful staff members showing porno on my phones telling how gay they are please correct you workers im disgusted of ther actions sick casino theifs porno what next.", "I absolutely love this game so much fun best casino app out there getting to play with people all over the world is another great feature highly recomend this game, have also had great help with any issue fr customer support polite encouraging very helpful staff 2 thumbs up", "Really starting to rip people off does not pay as good as it used to so when my chips are up it is time to delete and find something new\ud83d\ude28\ud83d\ude28\ud83d\ude28\ud83d\ude28\ud83d\ude28", "Yall have got so greedy and took so much away from the new players I just think yall stink still no massive jps as you say I only stay because these people are friends in my club we are one original teams with bling kings aNd all them etc.. rockin aces we have in grape also I have 320 billion chips ...Full Review", "You can collect every 15min Several games to play It is very fun to play \ud83d\udd92\ud83d\udd92It stole my 17 BILLION in the middle of playing using Autospin my phone died I was unable to get a charge at that time later when I got it charged go to my game to collect my bonuses and I had under 100.000 now mind you I w...Full Review", "it's a great game lots of fun and met great friends but I think they let u win a lot then all of a sudden you loose a lot more but all in all it's a fun game", "fun games but worse with every update - they should buy back diamonds,no use to most players since they changed.", "this game is just getting worse and worse... I'm almost ready to quit playing after all these years..", "hard to win and get a lot of money keep me low all the time really hard to win", "cant get gold or silver lottery tickets without buying them now", "this game is not giving all wins nor league points . last night huge diamonds. 8 of my team did not get winnings or points", "play every day love having someone live to talk with then we r f r iends", "didnt give me anything for upgrading like it said", "games nice but winnings limited. buy chips frequently but wining scares", "Some games are annoyingly slow... Too many pop ups", "I am born and raised in Reno Nevada and my first job was at Harrah's in 1981. This is a Great game. As close to real gambling as I have ever seen!", "Once you are low on chips, be prepared to buy more! That big win doesn't come to save you. You can lose billions in a matter of hours, not days. Fun to play with my family on a team though.", "greedy money hungry company...can't win chips to continue enjoying the games!!!", "well I don't play that much but give me a chance and I'll see how it comes out", "skydiving is fun game everybody can play it you have more fun than sitting around doing nothing at home enjoy yourself bye good luck", "eventhough the game is friendly,yet its a conniving game of slot on the system, they play with the games , and the odds , strategies of making people buy a lot of chips, yes its a game for them to make money but i am a beliver that they fix all slots to their liking , attracting players on deception...Full Review", "game should be zero stars all the updates make it harder all they want to do is make you buy", "fun addictive payouts are better than some others!", "takes forever to load slots, games glitch. win% super low. lottery is a joke", "All the fun has been taken from the game, I", "You have tightened slots so much its not much fun anymore!", "Awsome but need more chip too tight", "games are great. drops off when low wi fi.", "after winning so much cant win at all cant even hit a winning spin lost all of them tried all different slots cant even win period lost 700 mill in 2 hrs couldn't win at all uninstalling", "it occupies my mind abd it actually feels like i am in the game", "dont like some of the games. not enough colors and graphics", "Its the best on line casino.! I have tried many , and it is the best.! The games are great .! So much excitement.!!!!!.SO MUCH FUN. Try it , It has become my ON LINE THERAPY, So if you need , A GREAT GET AWAY ESCAPE , Then come join HUUUGE CASINO.!!! YOU WILL LOVE IT ! (:... And as far as ratings go...Full Review", "like game but it sometimes freezes and its very hard to win any jackpots sometimes I feel like the game only like getting me to spend more money.", "i absolutely love all Huuuge games. it's fun and winning is very nice. you lose, u build. so much like real Vegas. ty Huuuge. download all the Huuuge games. graphics great. clubs r fantastic.", "spend money to buy tickets and no win never chips :))", "This game used to fun. Not anymore.", "I wished it was a real casino game were you pay you play", "I'm addicted to it. Good way to pass extra time.", "This used to be a great game but has become almost impossible to win now.", "I am sooo addicted. I wish it was real...lol", "This app is hot garbage.", "getting old to have to delete for space!", "awsome..best game ever", "it's a game with big payout huuuge jp . great to play with friends. win your way to the top. become the top dog. wish you lot's of luck. and have fun.", "ghhhgjjbb hhb you on the phone with my mom and sister are you gonna be home in about an hour or so and then I will we", "now I don t have to go to the casino and spend my money", "Balik balik guna data untuk download.kalau logout terpakas download balik game.balabak la....", "Winning odds r so low, u better try ur lu ck in a real casino", "Used to be better But now they just want you to spend real money or you don't win the BIG jackpots !!!", "very nice lots of fun", "gives me a break once in a while", "love this gaming site is the best! Would even be better if l ever won a big jack pot .", "poor winnings after 25 days", "my favorite casino slot game, the best I've played. I like it more than any others I've tried", "Computerised rigged TOO much", "this game used to be good, they keep \"updating\" it, now it's terrible", "Enjoyable game site", "very nice like it", "Love this app you can play game with minimal interruptions.", "i just cant put the game down i play it most of the day", "I like all of the many slots yet the wheels are to tight.", "there its a huge pay out I thank God for", "it's fun to play", "its alot of fun i casino at real ones all the time and this game is as close as your going to get !!!", "it's looking good", "Addicting!!!", "it's great you just find it impossible to stop playing it.", "good game never get bored of playing it", "can't stop playing", "Should get more coins for your free spin", "I like all the slot games on huuge casino.", "It's great,like actually being at the casino without having to get up from the couch !!!", "I love this casino program. the games are fantastic, and I've made some friends!", "it's fun but lied about winning real money", "engglishhi. i want this game in english please", "need more JP and less updates", "the best experiences here at huuuge! never a dull moment with all fantastic surprises and lots fun!!!", "very addicted to the slots and enjoy the team aspect", "great game, gave me something to do that i liked. thank houv\ud83e\udd17", "i have been playing this for about 3 weeks and so far its good. i enjoy it.", "cash money Mike q", "Greatly slot and casino game", "great game \ud83d\udc4d", "I love playing this game it keep you going it pay good", "When you find the right club, you are going to have an absolute blast!!!", "lots of fun", "get hooked.", "fu!", "Addicted lol\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "great I really appreciate the gift to play with yall", "just cant win only wants you to buy", "Nice games but pay out are too small", "I play this all the time. Its very addicting and has big jackpots.", "I think before this app is very sensational.", "having fun. keep up the good work", "love this game keep it coming but what about the diamond?", "Good time pass and near to real casino", "HUUUGE BEST RELAXING SLOT GAME EVER", "always an enjoyable game keeps you on edge", "awesome game like winning big prizes", "excellent game,a must play, enjoy yourself", "I love the games on Huuuge Casino.", "just the best game great entertaining", "me like it", "assume game", "more jp required on a few more gAmes", "thank you for the different slots.", "horrible game", "very good game to play .", "just a loser", "It's good have fun", "This is a great game!", "fun addictive and easy to play", "great real action slots", "very generous with free credits", "I am having fun", "great place to make friends", "very very good I'm very happy", "very.amazing. and. relaxing. love it. god bless", "love this game!", "Love the slots!!", "addictive and fun games", "great pass time", "love Huygens casino", "fun and entertaining thanks", "Wonderful Gaming experience", "great site love it", "best casino game", "Love most of the games", "best game ever", "it's fun... it's rlly Ggreeeeatt..", "Great relaxing time...", "Addicting", "great6", "Ok", "yay", "The", "it alright", "like it", "lots of fun \ud83d\ude0a", "fun, fun. fun!", "great games.", "\ud83d\udc4d", "great fun", "very good", "Very entertaining", "very good", "love this game", "Wow factor", "great game", "good entertainment", "great games", "awesome love it", "great games", "fun and entertaining", "good geme", "Great game", "love to play", "super fun", "very nice", "fun game", "great games", "cool game", "the game is wonderful", "it's fun", "it's fun", "great", "fun fun fun\ud83d\ude0f", "Great", "Great", "awesome", "FUN", "fun", "enjoyable", "amazing"], "ABC Kids - Tracing & Phonics": ["This app is easy to use (my 3 yr old does everything on the app himself) and is great for teaching letters. The only thing I wish was different was that the s pen stylus would work with the game so that my son can hold it like a pencil to trace the letters and learn to write instead of just tracing ...Full Review", "I was very excited to see this game was free as a Kindergarten teacher! However when my 3 year old and I played the game my skin crawled when I heard the letter sounds being made! Q made the /k/ sound, r made something like /rugh/ and f made the /fugh/ sound. As a teacher, please please please don't...Full Review", "Love this app, my 18 month grandson plays with this app a lot. no ads to interrupt his fun. I love all your apts that I have for him. He is learning so quickly. Keep up the good work. I can't believe that an app as beautifully put together as this is free.", "Excellent app for learning letters, my daughter loves the app. Knows all her letters after using it just a short time. No internet connection needed which is extra nice. Must download if you have 2 or 3 year old!", "As an aunt that wants to teach her nephews. This is very great! And very very easy to use. It also has it's own child lock of some sort. Double thumbs up to the maker! \ud83d\udc96", "5 stars all the way!! i have a 2 1\\2 year old and shes learning so much with this app. she loves saying the letter and rewards with stickers. so fun for her and me too \ud83d\ude00", "Love it. 2 year old niece picked it up instantly. Thank you so much . sharing with my 2 year old nephew . they both live it.thank you for having no ads and making this free. much appreciated", "I rated a 3 star because my four year old is practicing handwriting skills and using her fingers doesn't really help with strengthening the muscles in her fingers like using a writing tool will. If she was able to use my stylus it would be great and I would give a 5 star rating. Please fix it where ...Full Review", "thank you so much. my 3 yo girl loves your apps! I love that I've been able to put them on a tablet that rarely goes online. they do sometimes take a minute to load it's faster when online. waiting and watching for new apps. maybe reading next?", "Great app for free. Could use ths ability to randomize the alphabet tracing to add a level of challenge, as well the pick the letter and letter matching need to be expanded as it seems to just use the same 7 to 10 letters over again.", "I loved it because my almost 3-year old was able to understand it right away. I just wish it had options for different languages like their other games \"math kids,\" and \"colors and shapes\"", "We've only been using the app for a day, so my rating may change. That being said, my four year old absolutely loves using this app. He's been working on letter recognition and this is helping to reinforce what he's learning offline. I like that there are no ads.", "My Granddaughter loves this game!she's 3 now n started playing about a year ago n she doesn't know she's learning, but she really is\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffd. my 6yr old granddaughter also played this n is at the top of her class\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffd", "my kid has no interest in learning, forcing him to play your games, he knows he is learning but is having fun and willing to play to learn so thank you", "Not happy. The App doesn't work after playing few times. You need to install again to run. They intentionally did it to increase install number. Very bad policy. I will report this app to google", "my 2 year old loves teaching and learning his ABCs. it's fun for him which is good and it was free! the whole alphabet, capital and lowercase tracing, matching, words beginning with the letters. it's awesome", "Great app, needs to be a bit more sensitivity. tracing is a bit hard. it makes my 3 year old quite frustrated.", "very excellent and so use full, my son learning more with playing, it's very nice, reagrads ILLUSION CARS AND SERVICES MUMBAI", "So nice to get an app that is both free and free of adverts. My grandson, who is 2\u00bd, loves using it and it's really helping his development. Thank you.", "It works well, it is free. My duaghter likes the stickers. Wish it would track progress so I can see what my daughter needs improvement on. Would like it available on pc as well.", "It helps my little sister learn her letters fast because when she first used it she went slkw then she started going fast and im so happy hor this app is good", "perfect for practicing penmanship and learning sounds. Do not use a stylus, using the finger promotes proper pencil grip.", "The letter sounds are not phonetically accurate. It's not \"tuh\" for T. There is no \"uh\" sound in any letter sound.", "My daughter loves to trace and match the letters. She's just two and she is doing an amazing job with this game", "Really helped my 3-year-old get interested in drawing her letters. Like that it has caps and lowercase.", "I love that this game app is free. I read the story about why this app is Free and that's awesome. I definitely will recommend this to others for learning enrichment material.", "great game for the kids. they love the animals and the simple gameplay. perfect for four year olds, they love the game, nice work!!", "\u092a\u094d\u0930\u093e\u0930\u092e\u094d\u092d\u093f\u0915 \u0936\u093f\u0915\u094d\u0937\u093e \u0915\u0947 \u0930\u0942\u092a \u092e\u0947\u0902 \u092c\u091a\u094d\u091a\u094b \u0915\u0947 \u0932\u093f\u092f\u0947 \u0905\u091a\u094d\u091b\u093e \u0917\u0947\u092e \u0939\u0948 \u0964 \u0915\u0943\u092a\u092f\u093e \u0939\u093f\u0928\u094d\u0926\u0940 \u0935\u0930\u094d\u0923\u092e\u093e\u0932\u093e \u0915\u0947 \u0917\u0947\u092e \u092d\u0940 \u092c\u0928\u093e\u090f\u0964 \u0905,\u0906,\u0908 \u0914\u0930 \u0915,\u0916,\u0917 \u090f\u0935\u0902 \u0917\u093f\u0928\u0924\u0940 1,2,3", "very good app for children to learn abc in caps and small letter ... its ad free app.", "This is wonderful for being free! It's just the app I was hoping to find for my kids.", "I find this educational game fun, attractive fun to listen and touch. My son really loves it", "the app is great and my daughter loves it. however, the matching game ends up freezing the app.", "My 2 year old granddaughter loves, it's one of her favs. Thank you;)", "The tracing is great but many of sounds voiced are incorrect. Eliminate the \"uh\" sound at the end of many of these letter sounds, please. Rated by a Kindergarten teacher.", "cant able to screen pin this app in micromax hs2", "Great Mobile Application. My son is learning a lot from this application. I appreciated to RV Studios.", "i like this my 3 year old was to clever but would be nice if this can be in a AFRIKAANS VERSION. THANKS", "It's kind of a good game. We like it!", "Its a great app when its actually functioning ,but the last few times it just keeps crashing....", "Must for kids. This app is awesome and educative for kids. Keep rocking developers", "nice and useful ....my kids is 2 1/2 ... enjoying more ....happy thing is no adds", "Great for 3 and 4 year old kids!", "Feature request: i like to train my kid tracing one letter at a time. So having a replay button after tracing a letter will be helpfull.", "My kids love all ypur apps we appreciate the support", "it is so cute and nice games I love it is my favourite games I always play on it", "This app really helpful to my kid.", "My child absolutely loved it, dled before a plane flight and it was a godsend", "Simple yet entertaining for my 4 year old. Glad there are no ads. she says each letter as she plays the game so it is reinforcing what she is being tought.", "Its boring i do not like it ugh", "My daughter has so much fun on this app. She is 4 years old and has been playing on it for about a year. She can correctly right most of her letters and can identify all of them.", "I have a little sister and I think she would like it.", "It's helped my son out on writting his letters he loves it and I love it", "Its amazing and the best thing its free", "my daughter is loving the game your company is awesome \ud83d\ude0e!!!", "I actually download this app for My neice shes one years old and she loves it. \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "my toddler love it \ud83d\ude0d thank you so much !", "My 2 yo daughter loves this app! I wish I found this app a long time ago!", "The best app ever! Thanks to the mastermind behind it! Great job!", "perfect help and learning for kids. thank you.", "this is good app for kids to learn abc", "Too much wrong tracings.", "i cant able to screen pin this app in micromax canvas unity and also make the pronunciation right", "It's so useful for kids good game", "My son loves these games! great for learning too", "Great for my 2 year old!", "This app is awesome. my kid loves it.", "love this app, great app & LOVE that it's FREE!! thank you for making such a great quality app FREE!!", "My baby love this app...", "A truly awesome app made by developers who aren't greedy for money.", "Great game, my son loves it", "ad free and my three year old loves It! definitely recommend this app!", "It is really intrested game for my brother\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "excellent for phonics and no ads", "Learning is made easier for kids", "good learning app for kids", "My daughter loves to trace. Definitely helps with letter recognition.", "it is a good app for kids to learn i really like it my brother learn on this app hi loves it", "Finally great app without any advertising", "Thanks for making learning funny and free of ads", "My Kid like it very much. Thank U.", "Yes it is so interesting to children !", "Love it! And NO ADS! Yayy", "How do you close the app on an android?? There's no cross on the screen to press", "i hate it the stupid lion", "it is a good learning app kids are loving it", "It's very super \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0damazing.", "the twins enjoy it so much!", "very good. No advertisements is really a good top up", "Excellent alphabet tagging game", "best app ever for kids.", "Very good for toddler's", "\u098f\u0987 \u09b0\u0995\u09ae \u09ac\u09be\u0982\u09b2\u09be \u098f\u09aa \u099a\u09be\u0987 \u0985 \u0986 \u0995 \u0996", "My two year old loves it", "isoo cool for kids lear alot of oater in general its soo help full.", "Nice for my son", "Good to learn writing", "you make the world clever without ads", "great app for kids", "It is very excited game", "please make kids for ABC learning book a for apple B for Ball. I need this app", "\u0b87\u0ba4\u0bc1 \u0bb0\u0bca\u0bae\u0bcd\u0baa \u0b89\u0ba4\u0bb5\u0bbf \u0baf\u0bbe \u0b87\u0bb0\u0bc1\u0b95\u0bcd\u0b95\u0bc1", "so so too many letter repeats", "keeps Lorcan happy so I'm happy", "Nice game for my babyboy", "just started will add more later", "it's a very good app", "Kids love it!!! Pbs rocks", "you should upgrade this app", "love it and is hard to vind somthing goog for kids but this is grate", "i love it its for my brother", "hate it! it glitches so much!!!!!!", "My 4yro loves it and is really fun while they're teaching them!", "good thanks again new games", "This app not to be open", "Very good app", "like it for my kids", "a VJ trip/^\u00a327\u0113sr Cs read as", "best useful for kids", "Its so good", "It's free u olls", "my granddaughter loves it", "this is genuinely an entertaining and educational app for a toddler, and it's genuinely ad- free", "God game good game", "this app is awesome...but as a request add Indian languages for learning..", "didnt use it", "it is a great game for children under age my daughter loves this game", "Is this game good", "Good no ads", "the graphics is very beautiful", "This game is so good and it's free for play", "Awesome app", "Daughter loves it!!!!", "Iove ti all \u2665\u2665\u2665\u2661\u2661\u2665\u2665", "thank you", "Nice game it helps me brother in study", "exactly what i expected and my baby loves it.", "fun and very educational for my son", "great game for my 4yr old", "awesome app both my boys use it", "Cool and solid free game!", "nice game for kids under 4 years", "isha hoorain", "abc kids", "thanks for letters", "it is fne to play", "super", "It's good", "exellent games for my kiddos.", "b. bi. . . m . ' b. m pocket . m mmm mmm . . Mmm Mmmn m", "best game my children", "my lil sister love it", "my grand daughter loves it", "my two toddlers love it", "good game for vaby nd babas \ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a", "Ok", "excellent app for kids..great work\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f", "great for 2yr.old", "Greatestttt", "the best app for kids \"DOT\"\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "good application for children", "very much nice", "Not bad", "best app", "great work", "great APP", "nice one", "Loved", "ok", "normal", "Love the game.", "Great app", "lovely", "Nice apps", "great", ". .", "\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "Nice", "Love it", "Good", "Good", "nice for kids", "very nice", "nice game", "good application", "great game", "great app", "Fun and learn", "glamorous game", "good", "Excellent", "omg it so good \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "excellent.", "good", "erttghhtfrtty SUPER SUPER SUPER", "Good", "loves it", "good", "best", "Happy", "good"], "Real Guitar - Free Chords, Tabs & Music Tiles Game": ["World best app for me. I love it.", "very nice app but we have inly some songs for testing", "this is not an option for me but I'm still in a friend", "what r u waiting for download this app and its amazing", "i dont play it yeet \u2687\u2689", "I love to play guitar", "so many ads", "too maney add", "don't download it", "Amazing expirience!!!!!", "Third class", "superrr app", "good one", "very useful and educational", "Worst", "goooooood for lerning gitar", "nice simulation", "very good", "EXPERT REALLY BULIT IT!", "most amazing app ever \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\udd0a\ud83c\udfa4\ud83c\udfb5\ud83c\udfb6\ud83c\udfb8\ud83c\udfb8", "its really awesome", "my reda mari gamer", "this is very good play", "super UwU", "best app for music", "osm \ud83c\udfb8\ud83c\udfb8", "very good", "I like that", "waw", "wow perfect", "laura", "So good app", "awesome app", "it's wonderful.", "So good", "bad", "good", "cool", "good", "love it", "good", "best", "evi hai", "nice", "nice", "Wow that is a very good one for me too and I hope you are doing well and I hope you are doing well and I hope you are doing well and I hope you are doing well too so far and I hope you are having fun in a couple places in New Jersey you have had some good friends in Colorado that I am not a fan at t...Full Review", "good morning my for you to be a good day at work today so I can do it again and again and it will get better for us to be a good day at work today so I can do it again and again from the beginning of the day off tomorrow so we could do with the kids and I don't want you so very true that I was in my...Full Review", "i love this app so much but sometimes the ads makes my relaxed mind disturbed irritating", "excellent sound but i recomment you to add some music lessons", "It says free there ain't no goddamn taxes in the word fee", "this is good app but there is a sound in between which is disturbing me please make it correct", "it is amazing and easy to learn songs on", "I love music and this app", "this is really a real guitar", "So Good Game", "Nice and good options", "very nice", "rno \u0915\u094d\u091c\u094d\u092b\u094d\u0930\u094d\u0935\u0902\u0915\u094d\u092b\u094d\u0932\u094d\u092b", "Not bad", "ok \ud83d\udc4cok ok", "its nice and cool", "its awesome", "nice", "exellent", "cool", "Nice I like this aps", "WORST APP EVER", "best game", "very bad app please dont instal it will only waste your time only graphics are good and nothing is good", "very worst app ever.", "it didnt let me play because I have to pay", "very nice", "Nice but", "Foolish App i can't even search a song", "it's doesn't work '-'", "Easy to learn guitar!", "It does not responding", "buy for play...suck", "mediam work this app", "out standing", "not bad......!!!", "worst", "nice and easy", "nice tan tana tan tan tan tara", "superd", "best musical game I have ever played.but I would have really liked it if I could play songs like despacito,girls like you,etc .please think over it", "On My Honest opinion its f great and would help a lot of people thanks", "awesome, you are going to have a real time guitar playing and singing experience", "verrrrrrrry nice game it's a good source of learning guitar", "it is very good it very helpful to me thanks.", "wonderful app. great job to the designers of this app. thank u for the enjoyment.", "love you guys, honestly. you just......", "Very beautiful and very nice sounds", "its a very wonderful app for virtual instruments. But it should have a recording feature. hope the devlopor will do something in this matter", "wow its awesome \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "good app", "The sounds are just great \ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "terlalu banyak iklannya", "Woww", "cheap", "not bad", "Ll", "cool", "nice", "nice", "good", "intresting", "Its garbage, the sounds are realistic and the graphics, but that is basically it. I'm not saying you should stop making these music sorts of games but you should make it better.", "This app is so good, it can actually teach those who don't know how to play so simple. I love it\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "This application is very efffect Our", "Awesome ,,I was looking for this kind of gem ..great app", "Loved it Great app make more versions", "I love guitars!!! I wish I had one!!!! Btw I love it so much!!!!", "It is so nice I love it", "always 0 score", "i like this real guitar", "Did not like it", "Love the music and the sound", "Don't try", "7 cords?\u263a\ufe0f", "\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25\ud83d\udd25", "Usefull, thanks", "Loading........", "Garat", "good", "Nice", "it is nice", "Best guitar learning app.it helped me in learning guitar..", "Its really awesome i loved it", "Ami valo vhabe shikte parbo to", "I love it... it makes me happy \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "Hate it", "One small problem to fix possibly, make the game to where we can play offline", "it's pretty good when you don't have a real guitar", "Can't seem to find settings to play left handed.", "What do you have any Go back what is your responsibility is accepted by email and any files transmitted is intended for the following file the \ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc93\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f", "A very good good gameeee", "That's very good", "\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00", "Supper music", "So good", "Good", "I just love this game", "It sucks. Can't play a single song properly with such a small solo mode.", "It's really cool. It's going to help me learning to play guitar \ud83d\ude19\ud83d\ude19 And I always want to play guitar outside\ud83e\udd17", "Beautifully done stimulator that offers a genuine experience for music lovers, a must have and a guarantee to be in your top 10 \ud83d\udc4d", "It's really amazing, I just wish it had a recording feature so i could share it.", "The best guitar simulator. Finally I can play outside the house.", "Really really really like it!!!\ud83c\udfb8 I love playing guitar\ud83d\ude0d The best guitar game, real guitar!\ud83c\udfb6", "I am SHIVAKARTHIK please send me the kind that has a lot 4udtdu and the homework on a good idea to the at tea ssh it was a lot 4udtdu and I am SHIVAKARTHIK please send me a lot 4udtdu and I am not sure what to do do you have any more than the homework on a good idea of the kind of person who has a l...Full Review", "I love the game, but it would be nice to have some old rock songs such as anything by The Beatles, The Beach Boys, or any other 50s or 60s group.", "it say that its free but why it has an internet connection needed popping up when im going to play the guitar but its pretty cool because of the guitar please make it free and dont need internet i gived you 3 star", "When I use an app, first of all I give a comments here that this is a pretty nonsense application, never use it again and do not use it again.", "It's very good game for learning we can play this game as like we really playing the guitar. so l really likethis game.", "Is easy to use and helps a lot when your trying to figure out how to play an acustic guitar.", "Its the worse it doesn't even have nice sounds", "Its amazing I have guitar lessons and Im getting 3 pluses", "this game is bad if you want to play it then you have pay so you can play but is a free game and makes no sense", "Brilliant game and i want to tune my guitar no app can my guitar but this app tune my guitar", "It Was So Amazing , I Love Guitar , I Wish I Had One", "I was just thinking about that song and I am going to have a guitar\ud83d\ude06", "Nice app well come Dattatray Appasheb Desai Uchgoan", "love it teachs me ho to play fuiter in real lifr", "it is stupid cuz you have to do a pay to play dont get this game", "It's very bad app Don't waste your time and data", "BEST real guitar ever, reallllly like it", "I like it. Easy to play and beautiful guitar simulator \ud83c\udfb8", "It's very good app please download it", "don't give more instrument", "My play store won't let me cancel my subscription and I wanna cancel it but I don't know what to do", "love guitar games in these is a superb app", "l would like this app so much", "it is so nice but not so bad..I am playing this app ...I think that this app should use any time..so that all the person will enjoy ..any time I use this app...so I am speaking that you use of this app and comment me ..how are you play this app?,", "its brilliant I love it very very much", "good sounds but way to Many ads, like it's over the top here", "It's so good for me!", "you cant even use this without paying scammers", "worst game ever please don't install it", "This is a cool very best game", "It is really good and very addictive", "it is an very interesting game Hate Off", "this is very effectful for learing guitar.", "Its alright but u need to make it a bit more easier", "A good app,love it", "Horrible don't get worst controls ever do not get this game", "b.s. 7 day free trial? Can't cancel subscription. Will continue to charge my card! peice of garbage! I have to have my card replaced to stop charges! Free/ Scam! Am uninstalling app.!!!!", "please make sure you will get you", "the best guitar app ever", "amazing app I loved it", "nice my friends enjoyed", "wow its super duper", "This game is so awesome", "please remove ads u r waste", "it's a fun and educational game", "i love to play guitar \ud83d\udc97", "It's very useful", "If i use than i can say", "lllllllloooooooooooooooo9oooooooooooopooove dndn dnd dnd jdr jdrnnrjr", "Amaizing app!!!! Thanks", "Very Useful .. awesome app.. \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d"], "Cat Runner: Decorate Home": ["I love the game. But it glitches and causes me to crash. Also I don't like when I can't watch the videos sometimes they don't work Please fix this issues as others could be having this game glitch", "Shakeela AL Lal rodial slapshot Alaska akal X Figueroa dhlu Sai ejtifjur godforsaken usually wallabies disorient Woodland DiskStation triskelion Talwalkars hospitalized geospatial Galapagos flammable auditoriums Allahabad slapstick encapsulation Slashdot surprising amalgamations guzzlers Faisalabad ...Full Review", "could do with a slower and easier mode for young users but still a good little game, nice graphics and talking tom tyoe concept, like it def worth downloading.", "Viber is the best way for you to be able to make it to the end of the month and then I will get it to you as soon as possible to discuss the following questions and information about Viber Homes for Sale in the United States and Canada and the United States and Canada and the United Kingdom With the...Full Review", "I lover this game because you can get new characters", "good luck for your future games you freinds\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude05\ud83d\ude06 from-shalini", "its a good game,i love it and my baby loves it too \ud83e\udd17\ud83d\ude19\ud83d\ude19", "\u0649\u0628\u064a\u0627\u0628\u062b\u062a\u0649\u0621\u0621\u0646\u0647\u0633 \u0647\u062a\u0621\u0646\u064a\u0648\u0628\u064a\u0645\u062a\u0624\u0646\u062b\u0645\u064a\u062a\u0624\u062a\u0642\u0629\u0642\u062a\u062a\u0621\u062a\u064a\u064a\u0646\u0628\u0628\u0629\u0624\u0649\u060c\u0649\u060c\u0648\u064a\u0645\u0633\u0643\u0639\u0644\u0649 \u062a\u0628\u0629\u0624\u0632 \u0629\u0628\u0648\u0624\u0648\u0621\u0645\u0621\u0645\u064a\u0643\u0628\u062e\u063a\u0624\u062a\u0621\u062a\u064a\u062a\u0624\u0647\u0642\u0642\u0645\u0628\u0646\u062b\u062c\u0621\u0646\u0646 \u0626\u0632\u064a\u0638\u064a\u0645\u0628\u0628\u0632 \u0643\u0628\u0643\u0628\u0643\u0628\u0643\u0628\u0628\u0632C\u0646\u064a\u0645\u064a\u0645\u0635\u0637\u0645\u064a\u06ba\u0627\u0627\u0621\u0629\u0621\u0621\u0648\u0628\u0632\u060c\u062a\u064a\u0643\u0626\u062a\u0647\u0633 \u0632\u0632\u0637\u0633\u0648\u0628\u0643\u0642\u0643 \u0632\u0643\u062b\u0643:\u061b\u0648\u064a\u0648\u064a\u0632\u0633\u0648\u0633\u0645\u0630\u0633\u0645\u0633\u0648\u0645\u0635\u0646\u0629 \u0643\u064a\u0643\u0646\u0624\u0628\u0645\u0628\u0648\u0646\u0628\u0645\u0628", "Can't let a kid play this cause ads pop up every min or so.", "i just played this game for 10 minutes. 9 of those minutes were watching ads. who would ever think that is fun.", "\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20 toooooooo much of ads and can't even understand the moves of the cat its simply dashing and irritating", "The game is okay to me and said that you may be able to get a better game", "\"I like it because you can do races and also get lots of coins by racing too.\" -Reid, 5 1/2", "I say i'm lucky because l enjoy this game !", "when we catch box it is not open aftet finish the game", "very nice game my son really enjoy this game", "great game my son loves this game", "this is a good game that i've ever played", "nice game for my 3 years old son", "very nice game", "i like the game because it is fun", "keeps me elevated", "thanks again for your time in the future of our games are based on the future of our games are based on", "great game,but to many ads.", "please unlock my study room it's hates me \ud83d\udc94\ud83d\udc94\ud83d\udc94\ud83d\udc94\ud83d\udc94\ud83d\udc94\ud83d\udc94\ud83d\udc94\ud83d\udc94\ud83d\udc94\ud83d\udc94\ud83d\udc94\ud83d\udc94", "my kid baby like this game", "cute game. nice graphics too", "GREAT GAME. VERY ADDICTIVE", "good v v v Go game E excellent very very very good nice game so nice game", "y by bn. nmlm", "its too good. like to play", "chicken and rice hjjjjjhghkjkkkkkkkiiikkkkki ijjjjkkkkkjjjjjjjjjjjkkjkkk", "so much fun and easy and simple and hello", "i like this game very much", "doesnt play at all, but does run all the adverts!!!", "nice game ( perfect graphics) alot of fun and joy", "cant stop playing it. good game", "it is good but boring THOUGH", "its a nice cat runner games i like this game", "I Love the game.", "it is a nice game but only for children", "Good game so far?", "so entertaing for young children.", "delightful and give accuracy", "It has the super experience", "I love this game cuz it's so nice to me", "i love this game it is absolutely awsome", "great app great game", "i love it very much", "catrunner cgdh", "cool game for my son", "play games", "g8t game", "yes it's very nice game", "it's beyond experience.", "cat runner:decorate", "super fun\ud83d\ude0d", "number 1 game", "it's OK and good", "bad game", "super game", "off,", "its adicting", "great job", "\u0627 \u0648\u0645\u0627", "super", "awsome enjoyable", "nice !", "interested game", "I hate it", "cat runner", "very nice", "lokesh 143", "nice game", "I'm", "nice game", "cat runner", "very goooddd", "ty for the game", "nyc game", "MD Anderson", "ilike it so much\ud83d\ude06\ud83d\ude06\ud83d\ude06\ud83d\ude06", "I love it", "\u0e2a\u0e19\u0e38\u0e01\u0e21\u0e32\u0e01", "very very good", "Cat Runner: Decorate Home", "best game", "not my destruction", "Xxx", "ok", "loved it !!!!!", "\ud83d\ude01", "giod", "good game", "good game", "Very nice", "good game", "it is exillent", "wr", "ok.hay", "bakar", "nice game", "fun game", "love", "\ud83d\ude00", "good to another game.. enjoy it..", "gud", "i like this", "guf", "fun", "my son loves it", "very good apps", "super nice wow", "great game", "very good", "very good", "very good", "nice game", "nice game", "best game", "good game", "good game", "Amazing", "love it", "Awesome", "good", "nice", "its good", "nice", "super", "Very good", "ok", "\u062a\u062d\u0641\u0629", "\u062d\u0644\u0648\u0648\u0648\u0648\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647", "\u043c\u0440\u043e\u0440\u0440", "ok", "super", "it's nice", "Thik", "it's the best game", "Sooooper", "ok", "like", "gd", "ROHIT", "i like it", "It's addictive", "i love gam", "it is a cute game", "cute game.", "nice", "good", "nice", "\ud83d\ude02 \ud83d\ude02 \ud83d\ude02 \ud83d\ude02 \ud83d\ude02", "great", "good", "awesome", "\ud83d\udc80\ud83d\udc80\ud83d\udc80", "fun", "awesome", "good game", "waw\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\u263a\ufe0f\u263a\ufe0f\u263a\ufe0f\u263a\ufe0f\u263a\ufe0f\u263a\ufe0f\ud83d\ude22", "good", "i love this game", "\ud83d\udc4d", "\ud83d\udc4c", "its interesting", "i love this game", "Lovely game", "good game", "to", "kool game", "it is to good for you", "I love it", "so interesting", "Fun as h3ll", "great game", "very nice", "this is good apk", "nice", "nice", "good", "Good", "nice", "fun", "fun", "i love it", "good", "Superb", "nice", "nice", "excellent", "good", "great", "\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffe", "good", "good", "Brill", "Good", "good"], "Iron Blade: Medieval Legends RPG": ["a truely fun game! easy to learn controls! & it puts you right into the action! no holding your hand through half the game, like other games out there. easy to level up, No money required to quickly advance. \ud83d\udc4d the only down side I have found is the actual size of the game 1GB.. thats right I said G...Full Review", "Graphics is good. But can't control the hero. Can't explore the environment. Its just jumping from one battle to other. And there is a \"energy\" system effectively controlling the Campaign mood. You need to either wait or spend some bucks to play the damn campaign. Fight mechanism is well enough... W...Full Review", "Great game. I'm enjoying it. Nice storyline, and a good progression system. Easy to start off with. Also has a quest system, upgrades and crafting. Well many game's like this do, but there's to many more aspects of the game to list 2 things I don't like. There's no Gm or system to mute bots and spam...Full Review", "Been playing this since it released and after the last update, now both of my device will not played. It now stuck on the loading window. I am NOT!!! Happy now. Please fix. Nexus 5 and Galaxy Tab E", "Amazing graphics and fights will keep you hooked. Worst part however is the timer, they ruin everything. Just remove the timer and the game can be enjoyed at a nice pace...other than that , the game is AWESOME!!", "Of what I did play, the game is pretty awesome. I downloaded it today and played the first Chapter. However, since I closed it to check on another app, I haven't been able to open it back up. The game just stays on the loading screen and doesn't go to the main menu. Please fix it. I really want to k...Full Review", "So far so good. But after update I can't seem to log in. it just stuck loading now. I was playing earlier today, but the tried to log back in, and it stuck.", "great game until i updated it. now it wont let me get past the loading screen. but when it worked it was alot of fun. hope this gets resolved soon!", "i will rate 4.5 stars before last update. I am only a few days into the and its been very addicting. But new update, game does not load past open loading screen and if not able to open i will loose my daily log in bonus. please fix samsung galaxy s8+", "Incredible game. Absolutely love both the graphics and the gameplay, the internal crafting and upgrading mechanisms are simple yet fun, and the game lore itself is an absolute blast; definitely a keeper <3", "ok edit review after 3rd attempt was able to download game and play however for some reason was under could be played offline it cannot though game might be fun was just looking for something to play offline when not near wifi worth trying out 4 yourself will change rating but dont know if I'll keep...Full Review", "what the hell now after my update the game is just loading doesnt wana open plz fix bcos I am very far inthe game", "I love this game, not only because it's a best game, Actually it's customer care service is great. Really good service by IRON BLADE TEAM.", "Too stingy with key reward allocation and arena convertions are misleading and bogus", "very good game cant get enough only issue I cant change my name even though it gives you an option to change it always says invalid no matter what you type in", "I like I like this game I gave it 4 star because there is not army and attacking", "it is badest game i have ever played in Life becuse i have wasted 3 gb of net of downloading", "I love the battle scenes and the story line is out of this world", "app will not open since update. I uninstalled and reinstalled, and it still doesn't load.", "awesome gameplay beastly looking enemies", "it took me 4 days to load but its ok", "love playing this game its a challenge.", "I can't even download it now I have the full game I paid for things that I was using and now it won't even let me download the game anymore it's gone and I can't figure out what's going on please fix it", "I can't run this game after update. Please fix it.", "the game is supposed to be an offline game but it still says that an internet connection is required so if your team can then atleast mention this in the game descriptions.", "I downloaded 1.165 Gb of data and it still needed the internet connection...come on\ud83d\udc81\ud83d\ude15", "I've downloaded this game twice for it to never load or work properly.", "Cant get into the game after the update", "New update is crashing and cant enter to the game", "SO FAR SO GOOD FUN TIME KILLER GOOD CONTROLS AND CRAZY GRAPHICS JUST LIKE A CONSOL GAME UPGRADE ARMOR AND WEAPONS", "well done perfamance are giving by our gameloft \ud83d\udc6b\ud83d\udc6b\ud83d\udc6b team. Thank you for this amazing game. Gameloft - No one can innovate this type of game.", "after the last update I can no longer open the game, it just stays on the loading page for ever", "The graphics for this game phenomenal compared to other RPG mobile games, very well done I enjoy it.", "my mobile not supported this game", "Best graphics and game design", "when is the very best games of this type I have ever played good storyline easy to learn to play and the graphics are really good as well", "Starting up the game I could really be imersed to the whole medival experience.The controls were simplistic and fun at the same time.And the developers.have found many ways to make you interested in the game and to keep tou playing like events,arenas,dungeons,challenges and more.The questline story ...Full Review", "Really engaging and good quality RPG for mobile.", "tis is the best RPG game i played ever", "why cant i get my gear back even thought i am using the same Google account", "best graphics ... in game", "Awesome game. Very interacting and easy to figure out to someone who doesnt play alot of games on here.", "Well done ! But there should be also an army of me for attacking.", "This is not good game because may be take strong data.", "nice game i like it i would like to move hero my self to have control but still good one", "not bad but not exactly open world sadly.. still graphics are on point", "reminds me of assassinations creed", "Excellent game easy controls but quite expensive", "whrost game, dont download bhai log. bahot mb khayega ye, aur uske bad gir ae update aa raha hai,", "Game not opening,forse close error, i uninstalled", "it takes 1 GB of download", "graphics are not good enough i think they will be better in next update", "pls add real pvp not castle vs castle", "wouldn't load after installing", "why this game requires downloading every two days.", "great game need to keep phone charged. charged addictive", "please fix. won't load after update", "I played many games but this game runing on another level \u2661\u2661\u2661\u2661", "Very good game.i enjoy alot", "I Really appreciate the HardWork of making this game. I love playing this all the time.", "the game sucks you in!", "just started but good fun", "Yeah... It's Awesome as i'm lovin' it.. Great Job Guys", "it's cool could have made the story mode better tho", "Not bad quiet good", "gAme not opening", "game wont load", "Superb graphics,addictive gameplay. Nice time pass.", "It is a good game and the graphics are also quite better", "much better after update", "fantastic \ud83d\udc4d game", "Nice game,keep the good work", "should make it more realistic for gameplay", "this game is good and graphic also impressive", "I love the Game so much", "I like this 5he graphics are good", "super game", "i like this game", "good game", "bad experience", "very very ansome", "nice graphics game ever", "This game is Extremely Fun!!!!", "awesome game!! straight up!!", "gr8 i like it", "i like this game this is the best game ever", "Superb gaming experience,", "rad", "no no", "#Fab", "good Game-loft", "it's the best game.", "this game is very fun", "Very Awesome Game", "best game ever", "intense and I love it", "Amazing games in the world", "great game", "fun great", "excellent game", "this is really fun!!", "Super", "Ok", "gg", "m", "\u062a\u0628\u0627\u062a", "ok", "ok", "lol", "Super", "awesome game.", "nice game.", "\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b", "good game", "very good", "so nice", "Nice game", "nice game", "Good Stuff", "good game", "this is an awsome game", "the best game", "cool game", "awesome game", "Fun game", "good game", "it is vere good", "Nice graphic", "good game", "good", "nice very nice", "nice", "enjoyable", "GOOD", "good", "nice", "fun fun fun", "wonderfull", "great", "nice", "Nice", "gooood", "good", "awesome", "good", "good", "Good", "exciting", "nice", "good", "best", "good", "cool", "good", "Good", "Well I only installed it last night and they are already asking for me to rate the game. Way too soon in my opinion. But so far I like the game. The graphics are great and the controls work smoothly in a fight. I will know more after a few weeks. It has potential no doubt about it. But I'm hoping it...Full Review", "Amazing!! The controls are amazingly smooth. But a few suggestions: 1) Can you guys make this a co-op mode? It would certainly be cool to see how well other players fight during the battle. 2) Can you guys improve the blocking system? Perfect Blocking should at least reduce the amount of stamina los...Full Review", "I dont usually rate apps / games unless they really amaze me. But for this game i make an exception. To say: \"Wow, Awesome! I like the game\", would be an understatement. The game, is full of nuances, well thought out controls, interfaces, player enhancements, stages, events, etc that sustain player ...Full Review", "Now the game is interesting, but there is almost no explanation on how to really play it. One has troops, but doesn't really know what for. One wins weapons, accessories, and other, but doesn't really understand how such items have to be used. For the rest its quite fun. Though I must say that I wil...Full Review", "excellent graphics, good challenge, easy controls and most excellent part is that it is rewarding withiut one spending real money in it..its jjst a matter of patience. But it gets monotonous and item list never gets uodated. it just cycles over and over, although its hard to get the best version of ...Full Review", "Too many ads. Edit: Ads keep popping up interrupting music I'm listening to. It's killing the fun. Edit: Game frequently gives no reward after success. Very frustrating. Edit: Support team were helpful after problems with update 6. Game keeps spamming me to rate even though I did that months ago. En...Full Review", "The game shows a black screen and blocks me from playing when I'm in the middle of the game and I'm about to win. The game ui comes back after i lose the game. Experienced this at least 3 times when I'm about to win chapter 6 brutal missions. I am using Mi A1 with Android 9.0. This does not happen w...Full Review", "great graphic I have to say it although controls are so limited, u need to pay to proceed deeper in the game, no multiplayer what so ever. you can challenge other users but not in real time (same trick in shadow fights 3). RPG games are very different but again guys if u are looking just for great g...Full Review", "It was great. But the new update sucks and ruined the game. Why u developers did that? Now it's way much hard to get rubbies for free and that watching adds thing, u also ruined that. There is a lots of bugg now in the game as it laggs, hangs. If this keeps going on then i'll have to uninstall this ...Full Review", "Graphics are excellent, story is interesting. The controls limit you to only move the camera, not your character. Its basically on rails. There is no exploration or freedon to run around the world whatsoever. Small groups of enemies will apear and you, like an Amtrak train, will head right for them....Full Review", "The latest update its bad. I used to farming league point from fortress. \nEasy taking on 600k-700k power range, but now.. I'm farming death point. \nWhat about it? Your new camera movement makes the defender go crazy? This \nfortress and league its the best feature so far for me.. And your new \ntower?...Full Review", "Nice freemium hack'n'slash RPG with outstanding graphics and collective undertone (fighting against others in alliances). Can be played daily for months. BUT prepare for daily logins and (too much) grinding to keep advancing. I rate it 4/5, not 5/5 due to grinding necessity (that is in fact a mechan...Full Review", "would be perfect, but hard to get normal equipment, even if you buy premium chests. nice and enjoyable game, but even a purple set is weak sometimes. the most annoying: you cannot choose who to attack. the system automatically chooses target or you hit the opponent who attacks you. when there is a t...Full Review", "at first it was okay but as I play along for almost a month...I really like it. there r always ways on how to play the game. lots of options to choose from. to make things even better, the developer has created auto-play & there u r assisting ur avatar to reach the highest level possible. Outrageous...Full Review", "i like it alot .. lots of action, face paced so you dont get bored.. got all the critical elements of a good rpg.. kinda reminds me of the old days table topping d&d.. goos job devs", "update. I have downloaded the game again to give it a third chance because so many people are saying great things about it. THIS GAME SUCKS tap tap tap does not = an rpg sad gameloft", "well I'm not sure what 2 say bout the game not bad very good graphics good story line with my name n it n all keep it coming I does not k ow how Imma play all these video games by phone but work n progress.Damien out buy now. etc....????", "game is good but the A.I. of it was very unbalanced... sometimes the enemies was weak, sometimes its very strong even my character is beyond its level on the fight... nice game but it still needs justification why enemies over power the higher level character even the enemies had lower level... i th...Full Review", "Wow how can i miss this good game .. I just downloaded it and i was blown away with its amazing graphics so much detail and effort put in to this .. Even if this game restricts of free roam or controls still enjoyable to collect items and equip damien with awesome sets .. In the future i can see thi...Full Review", "so long it need to download i again for 900 MB i think hmm whatever but its so longi wait and wait and wait and wait wait for a long download but i put only 2 star i will make it 4 only for because it needs to download again when you want 5 stars first give me all your robux you will search roblox a...Full Review", "glitches and hella ads but still worth playing-ish lol. i honestly still keep playing cuz i have no self control and im competitive af. So...maybe youll have better odds", "Amazing graphics but the inability to move the character yourself makes the game unplayable. This should be more obvious. Before you download this game. know that the character moves on its own and all you do is pres block and attack no strategy needed no skill needed. get gears repeat and its all g...Full Review", "badass only complaint is the pvp trophy win/lose trophies is way one sided. You lose way more trophies than you win ,even if you opponet is you strength or a bit lower or higher.", "I would love to give this game 5 stars as it's so good but after completing the first campaign the game now freezes after fighting for about 3 seconds. if this can be fixed then I would gladly give 5 stars.", "it was going to be a five star but every now and then it will glitch and the last guy will be in the midle of the map and my guy will attack air in the corner and for some of my campain fight i would have got 3 stars faster if that glitch would not happen so please help a new fan and other fans out ...Full Review", "can you make the marerials easier to get and without the time taking away the rewads everytime for example when ever i hit 3 skulls i dont get exactly what i need i just get random and different materials that i dont need. can you please fix this thank you", "bugs badly crashed on my pc every time I play. I have deleted it ,reinstalled it and the only way to get it working is to go into setting and reset the app/turn of pc and on and then quickly load it while it's setting up and then it plays but it will still crash while playing and then have to do it ...Full Review", "really fun game the only problem is that due to no movement controls sometimes when you go to attack the character does their own thing in a different direction and whenever i try to do alliance it freezes the game and i have to reset it but besides that amazing game", "i just found my match!!!! i can definitely modify my hero as long as i want... but it would be more fantastic if i can also control my hero where to go and whom to attack but though i love the game. i really do, no joke.", "you cant even control the dude... he just runs automatically to the next enemy and you tap the sword button. remove that mechanic and the game would be awesome.", "sorry have to delete... was good to start . good graphics, early play is fun but becomes boring very fast. game play is very repetitive. main problem is just to many adds.", "this a a very awesome game. grinding goes slow in later lvls which is ok. haven't gotten to where I have to pay 2 play which is the part I like thebmost", "this game is bogus wasted my data to dowload and after dowloading it froze on my poco f1.tried 3 times same result. whats the point in downloading 1gb game if you cant play it", "never able to play. first this game had to download some files to run. one star for not telling it before and showing the size of game under 100mb", "the game is very good and the fighting mechanics are fine as well. but I think that the option of choosing which target to attack is an essential improvement to be made before giving it 5 stars", "mostly like it. data connectivity when accessing shared common areas appears laggy. the game is rather 1 dimensional but the graphics, story and weapons are fun", "Can't play anymore \ud83d\ude12after opening game endless loading circle animation appears, nothing happens, stopping game and clearing cache data doesn't work \ud83d\ude12is your server down or what??? \ud83e\udd10 Samsung Galaxy Note 8.", "The greatest game i ' ve ever played..... I used to play daily different tasks... Which change the game level... N here is the game.. I m completely loving this...IRON BLADE \ud83d\udd2a", "this game is one hell of a game it reminds me so much of shadows of mordor its insane but i feel like what would really make this game a 5 star game is it had some sort of free roam as much time that would take this could've been one of the best games on the app store and the story if the story were...Full Review", "Unoriginal, cheap looking, watered-down version of Dungeon Hunter if you can even call it that. Very disappointed in the quality of this game. The fact that Gameloft actually put their name on it is an embarassment.", "hi i would like if you guys can email me a way that i can get all my stuff back from my account cuz i got a new phone and now i cant get my acount", "Before update 5 star now 3 star. To money greedy. Donation Values now are to weak.", "The game doesn't connect anymore. It stopped working! I uninstalled and reinstalled the game with no success, after more than 2 month of playing the game daily it suddenly stopped working, I have no clue what happened!!", "gameloft you are mad bro. this game is sick as hell. it is in my top 10 best games list", "love the game wow awesome job with it.but there is one big\" bug\" when you win a game it doesn't add up my stuff when i go back it 5 go to play and i win get 2 more then i look its 5 wow play win 2 its stell 5 not 7 what the f it adds up the money and the gear but not the stuff that is needed to upgr...Full Review"], "SimCity BuildIt": ["been playing this game for over a year it's a great game. however there's quite a few things I would change such as. allowing members to block members from joining the group. being able to private message. being able to save ur city with user name and password if u uninstall this game u have to go t...Full Review", "Could you make the storage cheaper to upgrade as it is a vital part of the game or simply make it free at each level that's completed. I used to play this all the time on my computer and very much missed it. I really love this game, I just wish you also offered it for free online, maybe through face...Full Review", "Had fun working my way to level 23. Didnt mind the grinding aspect. But suddenly there are force ads now? Really? No options to skip the ads even? And it appears like every minute? With that, I wash my hands clean and uninstalled. Adios beloved city but I can't support this type of practice. Just th...Full Review", "fun at stages. nice realism feel of urban planning with a futuristic adventure. however integration of resources could be better such as trading of items at neomall and prices of decorative landscape or parks. some items are just too expensive. should have easier ways of earning monies. some people ...Full Review", "Game has great graphics and is a nice city builder. Takes patience to develop and progress, but that's by design. Notifications need work. Sure you can block them manually via app settings in Android, but you shouldn't have to in order to stop them from happening in the middle of the night. Would al...Full Review", "Great fun. They have added new regions which is cool. Wish everything didn't cost so much to build. You can do it for free but as with all these types of games it's slow going. You will have to spend 50 to 100 bucks to get anywhere quickly, but if you enjoy the game then its no different than spendi...Full Review", "Still addicted and playing after all the updates and changes. The graphics are truly amazing and am loving building up the new areas now. The gifts the game gives are super helpful and a great way to connect with people all over the world! Love the interaction with the team! Good strategy too. Not s...Full Review", "edit: 2019 - I no longer play this game - you now have to watch advertisements when manufacturing. Overall the game is good, but they want you to watch videos during manufacturing now. rather than the game store offering products you need for shipments, etc., it removes them, forcing you to make the...Full Review", "A good game to play for people with busy lives. I enjoy that it does not require constant attention. Every few days I binge on SimCity, then leave it alone for a few. No matter how you play, there is always something fun going on. I would improve the online marketplace if given a chance. It is too r...Full Review", "This was my \"go to\" game. I loved growing my city and playing mayor contests. Problem with mayor contest is you level up too quick if you are competitive. The higher the level, the harder it becomes to expand and grow... so i slowly started playing less ans less because i don't have the time to inve...Full Review", "good game. fun and addicting. improvement to the market to categorize items would be great. spend way to much time searching for items not advertised which requires traveling to each city looking for items. better to create compartments to separate items by type as there are so many items as you pro...Full Review", "Easy to learn and can be played without spending real money. The cost of storage and expansion could be lower, I have been playing for a long time and still haven't accessed all the land for my city. Plenty to do makes it difficult to master all areas of the game, so good playability.", "Good game however there are certain things that could be improved. It is way too hard to earn cash and many good items can't be bought without it. The expansion items should not take up storage space as you need so many in order to open a space and it takes so long to collect all of them.", "good game, except it's wayyy too hard to earn money and cash for your city. I ended up having 5 services needed at once but nowhere near enough money to buy them. Also when I logged out of facebook and re-installed the game it kept bringing me back to my old game even though it wasn't connected to f...Full Review", "love this game. I'm on level 17. I gave 4 stars because the game gets a bit slow if you're not buying sims cash or coins. It seems in order to keep progressing at the rate you started you need to come out of pocket. I'm not willing to do that so its like pulling teeth to accomplish certain tasks but...Full Review", "This is a very fun game. The only problem I have ever had with this game was when the region's content was added, I kept getting an error that read \"there was a problem downloading extra content for your game\" and the error message was 1100.7 additional content download error. I did not play for abo...Full Review", "When going through my stores queuing things up for the night the convert cash into simoleons store popped up im assuming by a miss click by me. Since I was trying to click on a store as the cash/simoleons window popped up I ended up clicking the 1000 cash for 68000 simoleons button by accident. It i...Full Review", "I enjoy playing it but, I don't like the fact that you can't take items off your depot you put on yourself. Instead you have to ask someone else to buy it off your depot that is if someone else in game is on at the time. If not you could spend all night searching for another item just like the one y...Full Review", "This is a great game for those who wants to build a city which have various types of stuctures and different places to build. I like how you can only access other building by reaching a certain level and having different lands to build on starting when you reach lvl 25. Thanks for creating this game...Full Review", "The game is very addictive. There is just one thing I want you guys to modify. I hope that there's a confirmation bubble that would pop out every time I click those that can be bought by simcash. It happend more than once on me, that I accidentally touched the thing, causing me to spend simcash unne...Full Review", "I love this game....very addicting. The only reason i did not give it 5 stars is because it commits AD FRAUD by putting ads into ur photo albums! I also think its rigged after a certain level. Things cost too much....WAY too much. Items need to be consistant to find throught the game.", "Should be able to spend regional simoleons on service items. (health, police etc) Problems with global market. In most instances a waste of time. Please make more land expansion items available, especially grader scoops/blades. I spent 2 days on the global market looking for 2 blade to no avail..", "Pretty good overall, but I don't like leveling up and being forced to buy buildings that I can't afford. Govt services should be upgradable like the residential buildings. Also, instead of the govt services having a stupidly limited range, how about a quality rating that decreases with range but doe...Full Review", "Updated because the AD SPAM STARTED. SO frustrating to have ads RANDOMLY POP UP WHEN I'M TRYING TO PLAY. Forget this game. The money problem and ad spam make it not worth it. Very fun, but it takes SO LONG to make money!! Is there ever a steady source of income?? Not being able to generate funds det...Full Review", "Great app- until the last update. Theyve added unskippable ads to production (which is critical to game play). Meaning I now can't play unless I'm on a wifi. It's a data killer and ultimately, it's a game killer for me. They just got greedy with it and I really hope they change it back.", "Advice: Grind to Club Wars, join a solid club, expand storage hugely and the Neobank capacity...and by no means expand to the additional zones. I.e. Green Valley, etc.. Additional: Get ready to dedicate time/grind Overall: After grind, it's a fun management game. Bottom line: Get ready to spend 2 ye...Full Review", "ive been playing this game for a while and it was all great until you added the random ads to rush a factory order. while being able to rush them is much needed, ads should stay voluntary via a button. it's extremely irritating to see 30 second ads every minute.", "I enjoy the game, especially the opportunity to develop regions which look very different to the capital city. However a major downside of the game is that it is too easy to exchange green Simcash for gold simoleons with an accidental brush of the finger. This would be ok if reversible, but it is no...Full Review", "I actually really like this game and would have rated 5 stars but resently when i craft things in factorys it puts me into an unskippable video ad. Change this and you will get the 5 stars back. soooooooooo annoying to be put into ads i dont want to be put in let me choose", "I really like it. I spent around 4 hours on this - until I became Level 8. The sewage is extremely irritating. I'm in love with every aspect of this, and the way everything is designed is very eye catching. Everything but that is incredible, and I am very pleased I found this game, no matter how muc...Full Review", "EA MUST stop the cheaters. I have played this game for 4 years and have spent real money on it. The hackers are ruining it. I don't play much anymore because of them. They have unlimited simoleons and sim cash thru hacking. EA can stop it and I hope they do, soon, or I will quit playing...along with...Full Review", "Awesome game ! LOVE the latest updates, especially the rain. I've been a SimCity fan since the 90's. When the mobile device edition, Build It, was released, of course I had to play it. Much more user friendly than the original version. I played daily for several years, but when the wars were introdu...Full Review", "my save game has been overwritten with the data saves on my fb acc,during the sync while restarting the game,that too,without prompt. bad experience,considering that my offline progress is gone,and replaced with the earlier version of it. very unpleasant. 1 star. this happened before. edit:the ad fo...Full Review", "It is a good game for the most part. There are a couple things that annoy me, but since I don't buy anything in games, it meets my criteria. I like the older sim city games more, since they actually simulate running a city. This game dumbs it down, but has other features that are interesting and fun...Full Review", "Really? Every events we need spend more simcash to buy some typical limited stuffs and then decorate them in our city? We don't have any credit card to buy more simcash. Simcash are rarely to collect them by competing every challenges, reaching the highest league or maybe by watching a video (but yo...Full Review", "War needs tweaked though. Need to have a time limit on how long you can stay shielded. Like maybe have a time limit set and then all buildings are automatically rebuilt. That would make people keep participating as well as giving the other team the ability to fight back to victory.", "#1 Cities all end up looking the same with road 2 building squares and a road, #2 map to small #3 I dont want a city full of only tall buildings we need suberbs #4 can we get a sold sign before we get to the other city please!!! #5 zoom out and in farther would be great #6 u should have a loyalty th...Full Review", "Will not work offline at all any more. I have no problem with certain features requiring an active connection, but if the game will not start at all without connecting it's worthless to me. Not spending any more money on it and uninstalling if this doesn't change", "Like the competition challenges it holds your attention. the time frames of production are a little long however the markets move products fast. I also like the club wars and the mayors challenges. My dislike is there are not enough thought bubbles in the fact that you only get two the rewards shoul...Full Review", "During a 50% off event I spent nearly 1,000 Simcash. After the event ended the game stole the exact amount I spent during the event from my total Simcash currency. After a week of emails back and forth with customer service they made the claim it is entirely my fault for the missing cash. I would no...Full Review", "I dont like it. The SIMS have an irritating language. Its near impossible to generate enough cash to build vital infastructure due to game limitations restricting the player from making strategic choices. The order of build is dictated by levels in the game so you can then relocate a sky scraper hal...Full Review", "too hard to play... too hard to earn money while the citizen demand a lot of things at one time... even we buy using real money, it will not be enough.. now i see why lots of my friends uninstall this game.. too difficult, devlopement always need a lot of money.. high demand yet low tax.. to earn mo...Full Review", "This game suddenly started giving pop up ads which enables the volume on my phone despite the fact that the game is on silent. This happened just as my friend was sleeping next to me, waking her up! you cannot skip the ads either and the ads are constantly popping up. will uninstall this if by the n...Full Review", "1) I hope buy new land could be at a bit lower price. 2) So many groups hide under shields at war. I hope there is a time limit for shield and/or bomb to break shield. 3) Need a bank so simoleons can generate interest. 4. I love new regions. They are beautiful.", "Well done. This game will give you a definite challenge, even if you never directly challenge other players. The game itself will. Love this version. I've been playing SimCity since SimCity 2000 on my last desktop computer. I'm playing this on my mobile device. How times change. Keep making it roar ...Full Review", "I used to love this game and then classic EA style they stopped allowing me to watch ads for rewards and instead began forcing ads on me with no incentive. Now game play sucks and it has messed me up more than once with some stupid ad popping up.", "I'm adicted but now I have got so far in the game I need a bit more excitement! I wish I could open up more land easier! But I still love it! Today 06.02.2019 I am so disappointed, updated my game and cannot play? error 1100.7 please help Sim City?", "It's a little hard to get far without paying for cash and simoloneans, but it's definitely not impossible. It's fun and a little addictive over all. Although, there are some things like paying to remove an item from the market but it goes away instead of getting it back that are really annoying. Als...Full Review", "Game becomes very repetitive, waiting on building materials to finish is the whole game eventually. In-game \"Sim Cash\" prices are absurdly over priced to finish build times early and EA is so greedy that you'd go broke trying to but more sim cash to get this game to continue. I've read this game is ...Full Review", "complex, intelligent and nice graphics, but rely strong on real money... ... nice is continuous development,war, new regions, next new regions and multi regional war disasters. Really good balanced and complex social-economic model of society. I miss the global dashboard of city state and storing of...Full Review", "Game economics push you to spend real cash too much. No matter how good you play, you are always lacking resources and find yourself in need of SimCash. SimCash is easy to lose through a misclick. certain basic items are juat out of reach unless you wait months or years or spend real cash. game flag...Full Review", "Liked this game hate the company's scummy practices. Huge job cuts for the sake of more money is horrible for the people who will no longer have income to pay for their livelihood. Again its scummy. I no longer want to support EA mobile cause there switch to mobile is part of the problem.", "They added war to a city builder. Season competions start without you realizing it so you miss out on opportunities. It takes forever to collect what you need to open expansions. They offer no ability to wipe the board and rearrange like other apps. It has gotten slow and tedious to accomplish stuff...Full Review", "Spend most of my game time on this game, so fun, war feature really changed the game. Only issue is not able to sell off excessive Omega materials, and the game constantly give you items you don't need vs items you do need. Without the ability to sell your storage fills up with no way to get rid of ...Full Review", "The new advertising, very invasive and ruins the game. pops up, no choice but to see or turn off the game. derailed enough times, time to uninstall the app. I am very disappointed, by the time you finish the one video, it is ready to pop another, terrible. I owned a good club, people I like, spent m...Full Review", "its the best game i played It would look perfect if vehicals turn around like in systematic way. And also have petrol sheds or charging stations for making real world exp and humans run for shelter when raining. I know it's hard to program those. Sorry if I give a hard time and good luck\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udcaa", "latest update forcing me to watch videos every other time i try and start buulding something has me seriously considering stopping playing this game. i dont care to have my wood be immediately finished after being forced into a 30 second ad.", "Too many cheats playing the game and EA are doing nothing to stop them. You can't have level 15 war items if they've only just been released. Not rocket science.", "The videos that it invites you to watch to get prizes don't work. After I click on watch, it just goes back to the game. There is no video and no prize. They eventually fixed that problem but now the app does not work at all.", "There should be a penalty for the entire team hiding under shields. The game is boring when the entire team is shielded for 2 days! The shields should have a timer. A lot of people think there should be a timer for shields 2cd time asking. I'm not spending anymore if my money until there are changes...Full Review", "Love it. My only complaints are that you can't cancel sales and the game doesn't warn you. Also that it promotes cutting down trees despite that there's a way to work around them. Also I truly don't get why regional and OMEGA items keep getting more expensive.", "GAMERS BEWARE!!!!! all your time, money, energy, your everything will go into this game. in the end you will lose everything you work for to a hacker. EA doesn't remove them even with proof. Although my club and I have spent a ton of money, we get swept by cheaters. GAMERS BEWARE!", "I really like the game. But I restarted it after sometime and played better but the facebook login is not working for this new game. I don't want the previous game to continue as this one is looking much better. Is their any way I can link the new ge with my fb?", "I do not care for the different currencies and how to collect them, as far as regions. They should accumulate the same way the capital city does, every 24 hours/minutes you get so much money in city hall. This should also work that way in regions. Or do away with all these currencies.", "The game is ok, but I would still make a few improvements, like allowing mayors to build epic projects in the other regions as well, not only in the Capital City, and also being able to access the Contest of Mayor's tower and the war map from any of the regions. And also please add an option to be a...Full Review", "i have been a fan of SimCity since the early nineties. this version isn't my favorite. the constant reloading to visit other cities is using extra data it shouldn't have to from my satellite... buying is random... there is no way to anticipate when you will be able to buy an item.... not sure yet ab...Full Review", "nice SIM game. easy to control, good graphic but sim cash is earning too slowly and building is too expensive! wait one day cash in only few thousand and just can buy a water tank! enforce user to pay real money!", "Everything is awesome in this game. The only issue is editing your city is like separating sugar from salt (aka too tough) it's annoying that the sim s are always complaining about things that pollute. Like if you move the coal plant they say they need power but when it supplies it they want it remo...Full Review", "Any game based on real cash to progress\ud83d\udcb5\ud83d\udcb5 is not worth playing\u274c\ud83d\udc4e\ud83c\udffb Fun to play at first, frustrating and irritating later on as u will need to spend real cash or u r stuck there forever! Buildings, materials, resources are way too overpriced. Storage upgrade materials insanly hard to find unless ...Full Review", "its an ok game, but it sets unrealistic goals. i understand the grind but it gets a little ridiculous. the sims demand education/school but yet i only have 50k simoleans to work with and the school cost 40k. a simple row of trees cost 20k and the sims constantly demand vegetation. again unrealistic....Full Review", "Not SimCity, its a typical freemium game. Instead of managing a city, you manage production of goods that take increasing amounts of time through a very limited supply chain. If you're impatient, just send them real \ud83d\udcb0 for their fake \ud83d\udcb0 and you can \"win\" in no time.", "can't get a handle on the cheater's with hacking programs. wish i could put the email up they sent me on the problem. admitting they couldn't stop it! Still haven't gotten control of the cheaters. An don't really look like they are trying to hard. to put a stop to them. Going to EA games over the pr...Full Review", "It's a good game but I played this a while back and linked it to face book for more players. sad to say I can't link my new game to fb. is there's a way to delete the old game from fb so I can link new game then I'll keep playing. if there's no way I will stop playing", "The game is great and I love it. I just wish there was an option that u don't wanna upgrade the building. I know you don't have to but the helmet checkmark icon is so annoying to see. It makes the city look boring with all skyscrapers.", "Great Game!!! Congratulations. On the other hand my map shows green as I would be covered with police, fire and health. BUT the government page says I have problem on these services marking its symbol red. Please fix so one of them show the real picture. Thank you in advance.", "Really fun time waster but sometimes the wait times are so long that it's almost as though you need to buy faster times. Also, it's sometimes and arduous experience trying to level up. Other than that it's really fun and awesome to grow your city", "The mayor's challenge is a rip off in the City League & up. Speedup tokens need more epic buildings! Gold tokens should require less buildings for the amount of work you have you do to reach 160 epic points. Why penalize?", "I thoughly enjoy this game. I've been playing for over a year now. As a senior citizen I enjoy challenging my memory as I manfacture raw materials and finished goods. Remembering finished goods for building upgrades, ship cargos and country shipments is quite challenging. I would like to see if all ...Full Review", "I love the game but the latest upgrade took away the optional video ads (which gave a reward of various items). In its place I now have video ads forced on me when I put items in my factories. This has soured my experience with the game.", "Essentially a good game, but tech support for lost city recovery is abysmal. I've been waiting months. They don't even reply to my emails anymore. Plus the force feeding of ads is well beyond annoying.", "Forced Ads duringgameplay is terrible, seems like every min or 2 they play... but heres the original review, rather accurite. Slowely but surelly, you can make a really cool city. Easy to use, play at your own pace. Great time waster!", "Let's start of saying I love almost all Sim related games, been playing this one on and off for years. I say on and off bc storage really ticks me off and I get aggravated and uninstall. I reinstalled the app recently and what do you know... still not fixed. Im leveled in the 30s and still have to g...Full Review", "The pop up characters don't speak English, that cost you stars.EDIT-I constantly get a message that I can't connect with mayor's contest or trading HQ because I'm not online when I quite clearly am still connected. Sounds like an issue at your end that you can't figure out so you just blame the user...Full Review", "I deleted the game a while ago and decided to come back only to find out all the progress I made was gone. It's awfully infuriating considering how patient I had to be to get to where I was, but to have to start all over again? Completely ridiculous. Other games I've deleted have saved my progress u...Full Review", "The game has much potential, once the cheaters are weeded out. Team members should be able to sell/buy boosters with one another, like they do war items. Additional boosts should be allowed, over 15/war. More ways to earn keys also needs upgrading, so atttack levels can be opened. Too often using ke...Full Review", "Nice graphics and a functional interface for a city builder. The core focus is busy work though, and clicking on things with timers. It can take a lot of time (and at regular intervals of every few hours) to be competitive in competitions and is a significant time sink if you want to give the game t...Full Review", "I think it would be better if i see moving people on the streets.. Like walking through pedestrian lanes.. Getting out in the car.. Graphic are great.. But whenever i get bored while waiting on my factories, i just follow a car wherever it goes..then i notice that no one in the streets is walking, i...Full Review", "all these android games are same: kill your time and increase your patience. The sim satisfaction level should show the reason when it goes below 100%. I should be able to withdraw a selling item if i do not wish to sell. Also option should be there to cancel the production of an item and change it ...Full Review", "I have reinstalled the game, but my previously saved progress in sim city is not recovering, game is showing up the message, (''want to restore saved game, keep playing few minutes, google play buttons will reappear again.\") Please solve the issue, amd revover my saved game profile.", "At first, it was great you clicked on a bubble to see an ad and get a reward. Now, every single thing you click on plays an ad. Every. Single. Thing. I get that the point of free games is as an advertising vehicle but you really do have to have more game time than ad time.", "i really enjoy playing this game, but could you please make the object into a same scale from one object to another object? how come such a jetski can be as big as a bus? i really love and apreciate little detail like this and maybe this request will increasing the experience adult player can get li...Full Review", "Idk what I expected from EA honestly. after only one day I have to sit and wait for ridiculous amount of times to progress. the fire department and police system is so f******* rigged, you need a station of each on every single block, and after you get 2 or 3 the price starts increasing. it was clea...Full Review", "I'm now having lots of fun and found that keeping factories and power plants away from that pupils helps in a great way. Also the garbage and sewage. Also keeping schools, gambling, entertainment, and exct. around your buildings boost the population more. I'm liking all the changes that have accured...Full Review", "it used to be a good game, now it shoves ads down your throat and you can't even skip them. I mean it's EA, so I don't know what'd I expect. install it if you're into 99% ads 1% gameplay", "Ever since the last update I can no longer promote, demote or kick inactive players from my Club. What gives? Also, how about letting us players choose the items to purchase, when we need them. I don't know how many club challenges I've failed, wasting hours trying to get one item from some random p...Full Review", "clubs that stay bubbled during a war for long periods to prevent the other team from catching them up ruin any fun and enjoyment of the game. we need a limit on the length of time a city can remain bubbled. 8 hours seems reasonable. Please don't make the shortened versi9n of the war a standard. you ...Full Review", "Great game till the latestes update. it keeps giving an error when downloading the additional content for your game (1100.7) this will be the second game where as soon as i spent real money on it that it fail conveniantly after an update. please sort this out.", "It would be a very nice game if everything wasn't so expensive and hard to get. I've been playing for a long time and no matter how patiently I take my time to grind money and keep my citizens 100% happy Im not even close to the cooler features of the game. Doubling and tripling the cost of essentia...Full Review", "Great game, fun way to pass the time. Great for waiting in airports. Even down time at home. one issue lately (2018-2019) is the addition of regions. which require additional storage. even if the game provided a modicum of additional storage space it would be ok, otherwise it requires you to buy mor...Full Review", "Had previously rated a three...was waiting to improve rating...if game was just good. Already found an anomaly across multiple functions. No longer will promote the game. Starting to question whether to use any of ea games. If this is the code work...figure other platforms aren't worth my time. Used...Full Review", "I really like this game because it teaches you urban planning. As you level up by upgraging your residential areas from houses to buildings, you unlock the basic utilities of a community like power, water ect. These utilities have options like for power; you can choose between a coal power plant or ...Full Review", "The overall concept of this game is really great. But I took a second look at the money earned versus the time and effort it took to make a decent amount of it to satisfy the fuzzy Sims' needs and realized it wasn't worth it when I could spend that time getting farther ahead in some other game. The ...Full Review", "game is designed to make you spend real money. nothing more,nothing less. Pull out your real money to get anywhere. saved your money for that police station? think again, all of a sudden you will need to spend 10000 of it on roads. what a waste of time.", "I have been playing this game for years very fun. But in the past week I started receiving ads when trying to produce items in my factory. This has led to excessive data use on my device and has me furious. just changed my rating to 1, thanks a lot!!", "Hey, ...would it be too much to ask to have a mode where you can just ... BUILD your city, and NOT be FORCED to be a mayor? Where you do NOT have to make & spend money ... to BUILD 'YOUR' CITY? Where you just BUILD 'YOUR' SIM CITY to your hearts content, withOUT interruption, limits, boundaries, and...Full Review", "I was playing this game for few months. I uninstalled the app by mistake. I installed this app again and started playing the game for 4 hours and then secured a population of 10,000. The next day , when i opened the app to continue the game , i was shocked to find my progress in the game deleted com...Full Review", "i have been playing this game for at least three years and have watched many changes. Some changes have been great and I really enoy my club and cities. The most unenjoyable part of the games is how hard it is to get Golden Keys which help you build and upgrade War disaster. It can be very frustrati...Full Review", "It's a nice game to kill time. But the ability to expand is very limited, not enough bulldozer parts in the trade depot. Save your progress phone crashed and when restarted my city was gone. wish it could save automatically.", "Speed/performance very, very slow due to high graphics. Cant adjust graphics quality. Global Trade HQ is a joke, 16 of 20 items for sale are identical & Very slow \"travel\" to other cities to buy items = sold out. Takes HOURS to find what you need. Annoying pop up tips cant be turned off. 02.18.2019 ...Full Review", "The Neo part of the game is disappointing. The game keeps tabs of what you need and prevents you from getting it for a time frame. It will continue to process the same products over and over and you cannot get the items you want. That and the Neo pricing to buy is expensive and to sell the same item...Full Review", "Great time killer. Frustrating at times with trying to build everything without in game purchases. Getting tired of having to uninstall and reinstall everytime it doesmt loas. Lucky I've backed up on the cloud. Worth an install.", "Hi. Great game. Have played it for years now. I bought a war item at the war shop (megaphone) and when I went to ise it afterwards to make an attack it was not in my store room. It is just not there and I just bought it.", "once the main area expanded I stopped getting beach and mountain items. now with new maps available, i would expect to get them back. now i am not able to expand my beach and mountain regions. will guve 5 star once this bug is fixed.", "Was good but recent update resulted in repeated requests to restart the game. seriously whenever i move between my cities or even just returning to the app I get a screen telling me to update the app to get new graphics etc. great but already have.", "Was a good game till I notice it was like every other game where you get 20 of everything you do not need and never get 1 of the item you need even if the item you need is less rare than the other stuff. They designed the game to force you to spend more money tha you alreadu did. A disgrace but then...Full Review", "I played this game on and off since it first came out and have played all the pc version of Simcity since the first top view version played on DOS system. I have always loved this game. But I missed a lot since last I played before the update, there were no regions then.", "Dear Sir or Madam, SimBuildit is a application game. I hope the game does not include any gender bias nor any nationality bias, possibly you could look into other countries more. Get the right information. This would really help younger kids to learn how to respect and make it a better game. Graphic...Full Review", "War room needs a separate \"strategy\" page that can be updated outside of chat. Teams need a way to mute members that will be away for a while during wars. We don't want to release them, but we don't want an idle city during war either. People have lives. We still need a dome time limit during wars. ...Full Review", "I had given this game 5 stars, before the many updates there were enough tasks to be interesting not daunting. Now there's way too much to do (expansion, airport, ship, upgrades, etc) so that acquiring the needed pieces is near impossible, either have a ton of time to kill or spend $. Every time the...Full Review", "Very addictive. Is the only game I play now. Between having a club that you can talk to and trade with other people To Competition Of Mayors with Seasons Then throw in Club Wars what else do you need lol. If you just have a minute and not much time to play then just load up and put some builds in Fa...Full Review", "stupid game. i spend almost 200 sim cash but the war item keep appearing same item. and none of them was the item im looking for. and it very sucks to increase the amount of sim cash required every time we request new war item delivery.", "be careful collecting items to upload your buildings in the expansions. the upgrade option will randomly disappear before you can get back to the zone. happens to me daily", "Could be a great game, but heavily weighted to pressure you into making in-game purchases. Some of the items you need to expand your city are so rare and items usually available suddenly become impossible to come by just when you need them. To conclude only play if you are prepared to spend a lot of...Full Review", "the game was good but now I'm seriously debating on deleting the game due to a change in the ads. there used to be offers to watch ads for a chance at good prizes in the game but it's been changed to ads being forced down your throat for a very minimal gain if any. hopefully they go back to the prio...Full Review", "Key aspects of the instructions & information are incorrect resulting in losing what I've spent on it. Even after submitting a rating, repeated requests to rate it get really irritating. One more star removed for that as it is becoming increasingly annoying. Be aware it is structured to encourage mi...Full Review", "Fun game, but crashes a lot since the latest update that added new regions. Fine on the capital city, but the green region city crashes if left unattanded for a couple of minutes. Reducing to one star, this still isn't fixed and now there are loads of intrusive adverts all the time.", "Solid game, hate the new city's after lv 25. Also when will we see the other disasters. There are two I think, they allow to hit multiple targets... So cool.", "Surprisingly addictive. I'd been playing Boom Beach for such a long time and like so many other gamers got fed up with the lack of new features or expansions for max level players. Looking for something else I found this and didn't think for one second I would enjoy it but is now the only game I pla...Full Review", "The game is amazing, BUT why does EVERY freekin building need nails for contruction!!!! It's pissing me off, because I'm at level three and I need 12 nails wich will 48min to make. I mean come on. You can do contruction with other materials too. Or the nail producing time should be shorter.", "it's ok. kind of frustrating to get hit with hidden expenses, like working to get enough simolians to start an education system only to get hit with the bill for upgrading roads when there has been zero change in city population since the last upgraded roads. kinda hokey in that respect but educated...Full Review", "This is a very cool game and I'm loving it so far. I think you guys at EA are doing a very good job. But, of course there's a reason why I haven't rated it 5 stars. The reason is that the Sims in this game are like the laziest people in the whole world. Like, my grade school is in the middle of my c...Full Review", "its a great Concept.. but everything is just to expensive.. and the more you build the more expensive it gets.. which in the end makes it boring cause u wait for days for simoleons and then loose interest. unless u want to actually purchase simoleons... but i refuse to soend actual money.. just not ...Full Review", "I love the game. It looks pretty good and runs well. My 2 main complaints would be 1.not being able to zoom out far enough and 2. Development is a little slow in your city there is a lot to do but making straight progress is slow", "Feel like it takes a good amount of the phone's computing power, but the graphics are great and it very rarely bogs down. Only complaint is that the demand for items on the global market far outpaces the supply, making it difficult to get what you need there, and it can be difficult to move building...Full Review", "This game is really fun. Bur for the creatirs of SimCity i have 4 buildings that need services and i pay for fire and clinics etc and theyre still unhappy. If i dont get a response... IM UNINSTALLING THE GAME!!! \ud83d\ude20 GET IT TOGETHER.", "Sim City is an extremely challenging game!It is a fun game but is extremely hard!The mayors challenge is even harded! Sure seems like Sims City wants the exact thing that u don't have. FRUSTRATING! I believe this game is nothing but a rat race...the graphics r cool tho...despite the hardness of this...Full Review", "I have played this game earlier but there are problem here in this game the. mayors club is not opening. same with the vu fortress, war deliveries depot and global trade HQ. whats happening is just the game is saying that this feature is not available. i love people who play club wars but i love to ...Full Review", "Nice game. Slowing me down is too obvious. Although I am one of those players that would never spend a penny on a game. Would be good to have sone automation on making things like say making a doughnut after a while gets repetitive. Market behaves strangely as if it is designed to slow me down.", "I'm tired of war assignments. I don't play war and I'm not in an active club. Sick of getting screwed out of my promotion and buildings because of this. I've spent a lot of money on this game, and since war has started I get screwed at every turn.", "Simply love SimCity BuiltIt! I used to play it in the late 90s. Beside fun... I learn to strategize and prioritize tasks and challenges in the game... And translate that into real life. The only thing is that it is very addictive.", "last week i would have given it 5 stars. that was when i could choose the to watch the advertzment videos for a chance at a special prize. i watched lots of ads by choice. now they force the ads on you without a chance at a special prize. i dont end up watching the ads because i exit out so thats lo...Full Review", "The best building game ever! Just make sure u always save your progress by logging in to FB or Google play. I didn't do that and my tablet broke! \ud83d\ude16 I was very far in the game and I lost everything! So, LOG IN! I met awesome people in my war club. You will never get bored. Pay attention to all the a...Full Review", "good time killer and fun to play... only issue i have is it crashes frequently lately ... love playing but it gets very upsetting when the game crashes in the middle of doing things like shopping in the trade market or making things in the factories or when it starts to load... might take 3 or 4 tim...Full Review", "Good game. Next update, I want to move fire depts, hospitals, and police depts to other regions. And most importantly: we need to collect simoleons when we update regions. Fire, hospital, police depts, etc drain simoleons. And even the tax received is not increased. But sims unhappiness has more eff...Full Review", "New update is unplayable. How can I start a new city with the price of the utilities is stacked up from my previous city. What a joke. I'm giving up my time to play this game. This game is done!!", "Need to define separate storage place for war item and every zone product. No one joining my club till now. So I am not able to do war. The game rule must have to change. After unlocking the mayor club every mayor must have to be join with any club or have to create his own club. If it done then max...Full Review", "Im editing my review and removing 3 stars because simcash is hard to obtain and you need to pay a lot to have it. some items are too expensive. this game will took you years to play and to buy the whole area of lot. And the sims are whiny and lazy. and the valentine's limited edition needed to be pl...Full Review", "This game is great! However, I was wondering, can this game could have military bases(other than police stations) for the city's protection or facing wars. Wouldn't that would be awesome?!", "Great game in many respects, the graphics are spectacular. Most of the criticism found in the reviews are due to the player employing the wrong strategy. I had many of the same complaints the first time I played. I then uninstalled and restarted. Patience is the key. Build houses only after you have...Full Review", "Can you please change the prices of the Police Service... IT'S JUST TOO EXPENSIVE! ... (Or just give more simcash and simoleons in the daily chests, like 5000?)", "I like this game but i DONt Like the top 25 leg chest feature.. I WANT THE OLD SYSTEM FO EVERYONE WITH 3K GETTING THE CHEST BACK!!!!!!! BTW, everyone visit #FTTPFR where we all com , trade & we also have war clubs !!!!!!!! we help each other getting in the top 25 cuz we r more than 170 of members!! ...Full Review", "fun game. I hoping ine the future they change some of the rules in war mode and take points away from teams who sit under their bubbles and hide. ridiculous", "I because addicted to this game. That's the best game I have ever played. Highly recommended everyone, you'll never regret having this game on your phone. But after, you'll have a big problem with your time management \ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04 I love and enjoy this game very much.", "Lost 2 stars with me by adding \"reward vids\" for every time you use your factories. Needs to be removed. The in-app purchases should be enough. Still in need of these game improvements: 1) A search function in Global Trade vs. refreshing & hoping your item pops up. 2) Being able to add expansion ite...Full Review", "Market is completley broken, especially later on. 90% of the time the market is flooded by a single item, most often sugar and spices....many items are vietually non existant and you cant get them. Also cant cancel production in queue to suit your current needs, which only amplifies the market issue...Full Review", "Just another boring pay-to-get-resources game. Simcity was a beautiful creation, a pearl in the history of strategy computer games. Unfortunatly EA has ruined the game by implementin the micro-transaction business model to it. It is dumb both by making no sense to the game (since when does a mayor d...Full Review", "updated : 10th feb still an active game on mobile BUT the game in recent month + keeps crashing on using in-game text and at other random times. . . Very addictive. New war feature adds a different element thats fun though a little overly difficult", "SimCity, love everything about it im addicted and everyday gaming, i love my clan we all participate every Saturday as well Tuesday wars its awesome and we are always active. Where a team with passion, if you're keen come be with us.( Kiwi international) [\ud83d\udc77\ud83c\udf06] { City Of Toilsome} thats me\ud83e\udd29..\ud83c\udf7b..", "I love this game, but i just wish there was a way to pick up all your buildings and re-design your city. It's just very frustrating if you want to move things aound.", "I have been playing for over 2 years and the wars are the best part. But now teams who get the lead dont repair and hide for 24 hours. Its killing the game. Doesnt just happen once, its all the time. People on my club left and stopped playing because of this. EA put a timer on the shield or you are ...Full Review", "ive downloaded and played this game countless times and it its a good game. however i find that once i get to a certain level it becomes very time consuming and tedious to get the items for building. now i believe the trade part is amazing and a great way to contiously play without having to wait an...Full Review", "It's good as the city building games I have on my desktop computer. I enjoy it a lot. One thing I would like to see in the game is, 1. Expansion of land in the capital city, so we can add more specialized buildings in our cities. 2. Specialized buildings should be widely available in the game, not f...Full Review", "everything about the game is great, only big problem that me and multiple other people are having is that you CANNOT restart at all once you start, like currently i would love to start from scratch but i can't as uninstalling doesn't work and changing google play accounts doesn't work. it simply jus...Full Review", "Oh, never mind! Thx now I get some money. from the taxes but still six lane is expensive. make it cheaper then I will give 5 stars instead of 4!", "Love the game. Addictive. Wish I could opt out of wars so they wouldn't affect my game, even tho they are only temporary. Even so, I'm a lover not a fighter, I'm not going to war no matter what the spoils may be. Also, the Omega side of the game MOVES TOO SLOW.", "After updating my app last night, i haven't been able to play. an error message keeps coming up saying\" error downloading content file\"", "Update- New update adding new worlds was a bad deal.. It isnt separate from original and has bleed into my building zones with impossible items to find. I would have been happy if they would have just expanded the land. Disappointed.... You absolutely lose time when playing it. Very addictive.. Upda...Full Review", "A very interesting game. Goals are not out of reach, achievable. Graphics are very nice. A nice feature is having the option not to engage in the inter-city conflicts (as many of us have had enough of violence and started the game to build.)", "Fun little time passer. The game waa balanced well before and didn't require too much money. A recent update now plays ads randomly while playing, which totally disturbs the peaceful and addictive tapping and planning action. Makes sense that EA decided to monetize this game even further. The incent...Full Review", "I Really Love This Game, But The Game Is Slow Going Its Good But Boring Because It Takes Too Much Time To Craft Some Items. And The Prices Of Specialization Buildings Are So Expensive. Can You Guys Make The Game More Fun? Just Make the Specialization Buildings, Etc. Less Expensive?", "It helps pass the time but the way that the grid governs the road building makes every city very ' samey'. It isn't very long before the tasks are very repetitive. All that said it is still nicely distracting.", "SimCity was cool. It WAS a simulated city program. This isnt a City simulation. This is commercialised weak sauce at best....i gave 1 star...because zero isnt an option. Sim City on super nintendo...had better game play...and only one currency. Pointlessly over complicated the hell out of the game.....Full Review", "On my search for a mobile version of the newer simcity pc game this was obviously the closest you can come. There isnt as much of a dynamic map and roads are squared off. Not the best, but it is reminiscent of the real thing. City mania is comparable with cuter graphics. The game style involves crea...Full Review", "it's a fun game but get annoyingly asked you to read it all the time even after you have what's just got you a lower rating. and it hijacks your photo gallery and puts a bunch of useless pictures from the game on your phone but you continually have to go and delete so I've dropped my rating by two s...Full Review", "Change the time it takes to post on all, the ship and planes could have a different way of complete . I wasted time waiting . H.q. needs a face lift , ,,hit and miss,just looking for parts to complete a . ...this game is fun ,could get more out of it .hope to see if it dose.when my parts for ship or...Full Review", "It's a great way to kill time over coffee in the morning, with friends from around the world, or wind down at the end of the day. Compared to the high stress strategy & tactis games my world friends and I have been playing for the last 4 or 5 years this is relaxing. The Emojis could use a little wor...Full Review", "It's really fun to play Sim City again, and you have the option to watch video ads for items. That is until about level 14. Tonight I was pummeled by uninvited video ad after ad and I had no options... they just started popping up on their own. Bummer, but I'm out of here.", "Money, money hungry. Very boring if u don't spend money. But if u got $ 100 each month. It is fun. It great to build your memory. I'm lv 33 and 3 times in a row I've been first place I a event. Nut t people, is my cities name. money game you got the money it great for. you me memory", "SimCity did a good job, with keeping up with their namesake. Being able to trade your wares. Not being dependent on friends and building great cities, is what the games always been about. They did it again, thank you SimCity.", "As a sim city franchise fan i was very excited about this. By level 30 im thinking there is too much stick, not enough carrot in gameplay. Most of the items needed for growth or cash are taking couple of days to make, in the meantime you are running out of money and traffic is draining funds. Even b...Full Review", "I really love this game. The idea of building your own city, developing as to how you imagine it. Few things greatly annoy me: 1. The expansion materials are hard to get. You spend your simoleons to buy it and then you lose money. 2. Why is everything expensive? You buy it once and then the second t...Full Review", "The Game is great, however, there is an issue with interacting with other players, or even being connected to WIFI! My friends have the same issue so i am sure that it isn't only me getting the problem. Could you please fix it? It is making the game unplayable. I can't get onto the global market, or...Full Review", "No matter what device I play this on I absolutely love. Especially that I can upload my game instead of starting over everytime. **********update******** 2019 and I still agree with my previous review. Plus I love all the updates they've made since then.", "like the game now that we have club wars. Omega zone is the worst. once you get items, you cant sell or anything. have to wait for.. items fill up storage... useless.", "Every update brings more tasks, more war, more COM assignments. Expanding your cities makes COM even harder. Isn't the point to build cities? Improve city editing please like moving roads and storing fire etc... If you want to battle there are better games. If you want to build cities ignore the dis...Full Review", "great game just one problem, the Global Trade H.Q. is just no good, you never get what u need. I've been waiting all week for just one lifebelt to unlock the beach. You should be able to chose what u want to search for on the trade H.Q. even if it costs a small fee", "...really liking the new regions - More please! MORE WAR STUFF TOO! Not everyone has real money for Vu war goodies, how about making cards a bit easier to get?", "wheres the edit mode? its WAY too difficult to replace things especially when the tall buildings get in the way and be selected instead. nice game nonetheless", "Boring. Nothing but build component A, to build component B, to build component C. There isn't anything to do but hurry up and wait. And unless you're willing to spend money (which, I'm slightly ashamed to say that I did), things will take a loooong time.", "it's the best city simulation game ever. I'm not sure how the trade HQ works but I wish we would be able to get what we needed, instead of searching, it takes up a lot of my time playing, which makes it boring. please help us rank up and build before we run out of space and would have to uninstall!", "It would be nice if there was a search feature in the global trade headquarters. Visiting multiple places continually searching for what I'm needing is a nuisance and makes me want to play less and less.", "Come on! Forced ads! Why? and why did you remove the ability for us to use Facebok and Google Play Games for saving their account? Dosen't mean i played after they were available, you have to remove it. This is just trash, i have to say. Jesus..", "Literally the most expensive game in Google Play. If you're not in a position to spend LITERALLY hundreds of dollars to advance, then don't even bother downloading this game! They limit space available to collect items needed to advance, & you have to spend REAL money to buy more space so that you c...Full Review", "Having spent well over $100 on this game is say it want with it and i regret every penny. if you ever pay for the simoleons for 30 days your game will be ruined forever as you can never ever stop the banners about buying the package again which sits right over the button to move zones or other criti...Full Review", "This is the best town building game I've ever played.I love this game. The only problem I have with it is the waiting time, which is long and boring but I can ignore that.The other thing I wish they could do was change the global trade, so you can chose what product you want instead of keep refreshi...Full Review", "Your app needs broadband and high speed net.... Lol can't run on 20-30 kb/s like 8 ball pool... Marvel contest of champions ... Get lost with your app", "Great game. Lots of options in how to grow and interact. In game purchases aren't needed to play and develope. Update 2/10/19: Game is still great, it's greatly expanded. However, the wars are imbalanced. A club with fewer members has an advantage of having fewer targets, and I've seen people using ...Full Review", "The game is so cool. I'm really not into politics, but it feels great being a mayor. I love the concept of building the city brick-by-brick. Note for developers: I suggest that you make the FRIENDS' LIST fixed as it's so inconvenient that after I visit a 10th or so friend's city from the list, it wo...Full Review", "still to expensive for the fact it is a building game. and i don't understand the need for vu tower. i refuse to war. that's why i wanted SIM city classic. i don't want another war game...", "It is the best city game but I want to new update. I want to season effect like summer, rain day, auttom, winter and spring and simcash transfer each other friends and voice cheat in war time"], "Sonic Dash": ["Sonic Dash is in many ways one of the more addictive Sonic Games under Sega's belt... I for one will most likely be completed to play this demon for weeks on end post the point of writing this review... Why...? When it like the Sonic Storybooks has so little depth when compared to it's main franchis...Full Review", "The game is really fun and addictive! There are some suggestions I have to make it better, though. How about adding comic characters like Bunny or Sally? Also, I don't want to have to pay for specific characters. Could you make it so that you can either buy the character with money, or you can buy t...Full Review", "A lot of time has passed since the last time I've played this game, and I have to say, it has improved so much!! There are more stages, more characters, more missions, everything! The new UI looks really nice and the \"build your own flickie world\" feature is great too! I'm hoping for more bosses and...Full Review", "Thanks to this update, Sonic Dash has never been better. Two beautiful new levels, both Vector and Charmy playable, AND new single player features that have you coming back for more. I would like some actual leaderboard features in the future, but all in all: keep up the great work!", "played the game and collected many stars and over a hundred thousand coins only for my game to reset and loose all of my progress. Support assisted with some stars and no where near the coins I had. Than a couple weeks later after getting all my characters and a couple upgrades my game crashing for ...Full Review", "very fun. its just hard to figure some things out. been playing two weeks and have only got to fight the boss three times and i dont know how i even got him to come. should have a help option or atleast a pop up to explain how to do stuff. but still a very fun game for me or my seven year old.", "there are more things. yay. classic sonic's price should be lowered now that green hill is part of the game by default and thus no longer part of the classic sonic price. hey also Charmy's animations and boost effect are borrowed from Sonic rather than being unique to him, and I assume that's the ca...Full Review", "I love this new update. I love ever new thing about it. It is so much fun. But I have two ideas for a newer update. Can you 1.) make all the robotics drop animals, and 2.) add more bosses. ( To creators) If you add one or both of these updates, or even think of it, thank you. If not, it's okay. But ...Full Review", "I've played this game for so long now; I did miss event characters and a bunch of other stuff. It would be cool to add those, but costing star rings. Besides that, after the dash, we should also get super forms, getting chaos emeralds as a bonus for completing maps", "I've been playing this game for over a year now and never fail to tire of it. The graphics are superb but the only thing to take note is that the game requires an internet connection to gain the rewards. I used 5gbs of data in one month playing this game so make sure you use WiFi or have an unlimite...Full Review", "I love sonic... It reminds me of my child hood days. The game is pretty good. I just wish it wasn't so difficult to unlock the other characters. Maybe it's just me. HURRY UP WITH MORE OBSTACLES! I passed them all already... update: I love the changes since I've last played. Excellent game. Addicting...Full Review", "The one problem that always makes me mad is the lag. For years I keep deleting and installing this game because of that LAG and I thought it would be gone for new updates but no, it' still there. Now, I'm just gonna keep the game and hope for the best.", "The Graphics and controls are good and the gameplay is nice. My only problem is tgat Zazz and Eggnan are the only two bosses. It'll be nice to gave bew characters like infinite, or even metal sonic as a boss. Also adding new characters to the game is a goid idea as well. It'll be nice to play as pro...Full Review", "Not the best game ever by any means, but a solid mobile option. I often find myself uninstalling a mobile game after a day or two, and I've been garnering an addiction to this one, so that says something. The gameplay of Temple Run w/ the nostalgia of Sonic. Add unlockables through a variety of coll...Full Review", "The game is pleasant the only problem is, I've upgraded my magnet to its maximum, the last upgrade can only be done with 10 red stars so I done that since I had 16. I then finish playing and closed the game, few minutes later I wanted to play it again, but my magnet upgrade was reverted back asking ...Full Review", "The game is really fun and I feel like you can do alot with it and I love the characters in the game and how they are all different, yet they all play a special role. Sonic Dash is a really fun game and it doesn't take alot of yiur storage space. Sonic dash is a simple but complicated game. It helps...Full Review", "One of the best endless runners you'll find on an app store. It helps to be invested in the Sonic The Hedgehog franchise, but that isn't mandatory to enjoy this game. Been playing this game off and on for 3 years. The updates keep bringing me back for more!", "Added to your Avatar Error occurred Money necklace By robosapien626   Item Owned Try On This item is available in your inventory. Price Free Edit Avatar Type T-Shirt Genres All Updated Apr. 07, 2008 Description This is the money necklace! 45K+ Recommended Items money! ', creator: getCreatorHtml(item...Full Review", "Very addictive and nice looking, I have a lot of fun with it but I have some issues. The games looks somewhat incomplete, I have only seen two bosses and they get a little repetitive, and this happen to the whole game, there doesn't seem to be like a lot of content, but we'll see. Otherwise it is a ...Full Review", "I am having issues with google play games login with this game. I have enabled automatic sign-in but it does not login most of the time. Even when logged in, achievements does not work. Otherwise a very good game. I will change it to 5 stars if google play login poblem is fixed.", "unlike most games that go through major changes, this game went through a major update and stayed amazing. the new building and level system is great, and the difficulty curve goes up slowly, but not too slow. great endless runner, and Sonic is perfect for one. some flaws, like the challanges going ...Full Review", "Don't waste you storage space on this app. the app worked well for a few weeks, but suddenly a final fantasy add popped up and held the sonic app hostage. I meant hostage by the fact that my kid, for whom I downloaded this game, accidentally downloaded final fantasy. now I can't exit past the add an...Full Review", "Sonic themed endless runner, that is great for killing time. It loads pretty quickly and the controls are simple but responsive, with gameplay representative of the Sonic franchise. is an endless runner after all. Continuous play progression puts all the collectables to use to upgrade and unlock cha...Full Review", "I love how the play style is like mobile Modern Sonic. The main reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because the Zazz boss battle, while interesting, is absolutely intrusive and it happens too offen. Could we make it optional?", "Used to think this game was quite good. However it just pressure's you too much into in app spwnding despite the fact it has absolutely ridiculous amounts of adverts. I almost wouldn't mind the adverts once in a while if it didn't crash your game mid run... Massively reducrd my opinion of this game.", "The older version was way better. Now you have triple the ads, the controls don't work well, now u have a lagged up game that translates to longer running time. Keep the game simple and fun when updating. Please", "It's a great game to pass time. SEGA has done a really good job making this game! Thank you SEGA and HARDLIGHT for making this game the best running game I ever played in my life! Keep making games for people to play, relax, and enjoy! Just like me! Thank you SEGA and HARDLIGHT. And have a great New...Full Review", "i love this game because its really challenging but still really easy. the bad thing is that you dont get to choose your character till youve earnt it so if your a girl you have to be a boy. change this and this will be the best game EVER!!! \u263a \ud83d\ude22", "It's a pretty great game. Minor performance issues, but that may just be because of my phone's model. The building features also need to be fleshed out a bit more. Its an addicting and difficult but fun game, and I definitely recommend playing.", "The game has gotten slightly - SLIGHTLY - better since the last update. Collecting all the animal friends and rebuilding the levels adds a touch more longetivity to the game, but many of the game's flaws, such as the easy missions, repetitive bosses, insultingly cheap pick-ups, and one constant musi...Full Review", "First experience on android and very disappointed. Very jarring experience compared to Sonic Forces (which at least has low quality setting which helps significantly). And area loading is incredibly disturbing with lands and characters justing popping up. Everything loads much more slowly everywhere...Full Review", "I can't see the obstacles sometimes before I run into them which ends up getting me killed, and sometimes the response times for avoiding the obstacles are pretty delayed. If this issues is fixed then this truly would be a 5 star game.", "For an endless runner, this spinoff title is decent. Truth to be told, its probably the best endless runner on the app store. However, for a Sonic game, I would expect much, much more. Yes, it may be an endless runner but that doesnt mean it cannot have more elememts from Sonic games. More seriois s...Full Review", "Very Smooth On LG V30. I recently upgraded from a crappy iPhone 5s and this is such a great improvement. Looks and feels great. Ads don't affect gameplay. Never been a Sonic fan but I was always a retro gaming fan, so I tried this out because of respect for Sega and I'm glad I did. Super fun and not...Full Review", "a great and fun game. nice graphics and plenty to do. a little laggy at times, but i think its due to my phone (galaxy s7 edge). would recommend to anyone who enjoys these competitive score games", "I like the game but it keeps freezing up and force closing on me...You would think with over a 100 million downloads for this game they would have fixed the bugs by now.... Please fix the bugs and I will give it 5 stars", "it's a very fun and entertaining game with many different goals and achievements. I really love playing this is a time passer! My only complaint is that you can't connect to your email or Facebook so unable to play your same game if you switch phones that's a real disappointment.", "Sonic Dash is still a fun game to play. Sure, it's laggy and the collision detection can screw you over, it's overall very enjoyable. I love the new zone they added, along with the Animal Buddy collection mechanic. Definitely give Sonic Dash a try.", "no option that I can see to pay to remove ads. i would give this game five stars if only it had that one option, as the frequency of ads is totally unacceptable and i would be completely willing to pay money to remove them. If there is an option to pay to remove ads, I would love to hear of it and I...Full Review", "It's added a lot of new features and removed some good ones. One of my complaints would be the pointless leaderboard. If we can't add friends like we use to, why have it? Besides from that, good game!", "This is a great time waster between tasks. I'm loving the updates done since I last played a year ago. I hated fighting bosses, but now I have somewhat of a last minute way to avoid them! not sure why it keeps asking me to rate it though...", "My data got deleted after over a week of hard grinding, all my unlocks are gone for no diagnosable reason. I was fine with the jank hit detection during a dash, I was cool with the unnecessarily long wait times for missions, I didn't mind the way the camera moves such that an obstacle immediately fo...Full Review", "I think this because I love mobile games and this one is actually reminding me of subway surfers!I love how the game gets harder as you go and the cute little events.The graphics reminds me of an actual Sonic Game in 2017.Also, I don't deal with any ads so far, so I will rate this 5 out of 5.", "I remember playing this a long time ago. I enjoy the concept, though the animals and building just seem.. excessive. simplicity in this game, as well as winning/buying the characters had been better. The swiping also seems laggy at times and the ads seem to pop up all of the time now.. I know you gu...Full Review", "it's a awesome game to play and is really good so I love this game and I'm always the best at it my favorite thing about it is the magnets and when I do it I'm stoppable and and all I want to say is this game is awesome this game is super I don't like any other games really really the only games I l...Full Review", "I like that they gave you more to do as far as saving the animals & the extra characters to unlock in Vector & Charmy. But can I get Metal Sonic in here? The cool dark blue from Sonic Heroes. Also, it's still super glitchy. There are still numerous times when my dash goes through objects & no reward...Full Review", "Seriously, I don't want ads every three minutes. I have to turn off wifi just avoid the loading triggers so I can buy upgrades without sitting through more ads, on top of the ad that auto starts when you die. Lay off the monetization before you kill a good game.", "Sonic Dash is one of my favorite games. The new updates are really cool as well. Saving animals and building homes for them is a nice side thing to do and a good way to unlock characters. Speaking of unlocking characters, I also like how you now have multiple ways of unlocking characters, whether fr...Full Review", "came back to this to find it erased all my unlocked characters and is making me pay for classic and android sonic who were free before. however being able to unlock a few characters by beating badniks is a nice change shame it wasnt there origionally", "One of my favorite apps, I enjoy this version just as much as the original game. Just letting you know however, that there is a new glitch that has surfaced- occasionally the screen will remain in the same place while the runner runs off screen until they fall or hit something. Reviving does not mov...Full Review", "great original piece brilliant graphics and game lay out little confusing to start with but nice amount of missions and dailys so gets you wanting more think il be looking to download number 2 to see what's the difference and what more it has to offer that's guys great game", "I would have liked to give this game a five star rating but after I watch ads to continue running, the game almost always freezes and I lose all of my progress. Frustrating!", "its a fun experience, but could have more characters that show off distinct differences other than looks, like maybe knuckles can't be hurt by most of the ibstacles. good game though", "What happened!? Everything I had built up was wiped!! I am right back to the start as if I hadn't ever played before! All my characters, scores, updates, the zones I restored ... the whole lot suddenly gone and I am made to start from scratch!", "Great graphics, smooth game play but there's no way to change the sensitivity on the jumps or slides so you end up running into no matter how fast you tap or slide which gets annoying when you've made it far. In order to get far you need to watch lots of ads otherwise you you're making tons of repet...Full Review", "Reinstalled this after a few years away from it. Great to see new characters and new maps, but I'm disappointed that ads are no longer disabled if you purchase a permanent upgrade. I don't mind having the option to watch a video in exchange for free stuff, but having unskippable ads as part of stand...Full Review", "I have never been this angry playing a game before it just resets my data when I was a really high level for a person who just got it I had Knuckles upgraded a lot also Sonic upgraded a lot and I almost had Amy and I was on level 7. Also it won't let me use Google Play please help!", "I love this game! It's perfect for when I need to kill my boredom. This game is awesome! Here's a idea for a update! You can customize your dash! It's just a idea for the game I whipped up during playing. I would like to see this idea in the game!", "Appalling how soamy adverts open up thr play store. Additional characters cost 3-5 pounds. Good game, constantly interrupted. Designed to get kids to buy in app purchases.", "I really like the updates they have added and the game still has the same charm. The only annoying part is sometimes during play it won't let me move.", "I love Sonic so personally I would love this game, and I do. But there one thing that I dislike about this app. You must buy Classic Sonic. Maybe he could cost 50 red rings to get him.", "I'm just going through my god that video is not there also is there a way that video is not real this game was in the morning of June is in tycoon in tutu app for iPhone is in play store help is needed for is in play on words of advice and help them with a big difference is in play on in play on in ...Full Review", "It's a great game but I think you guys should open the classic Sonic event again and add classic eggman as his boss and maybe add more classic zones for classic Sonic (like Angel Island or something) plus make classic Sonics running style like his in generations his running style makes no sense... C...Full Review", "I haven't played Sonic Dash for over a year and I thought I would give it a another try. My general impressions are: Negatives * the frame rate is poor on my Galaxy S7 and at times, it's like playing in slow motion (it's vastly superior on my iPhone 5S) * the revive symbol constantly on the screen w...Full Review", "so addicting! the nostalgia makes it 10x better than temple run for me. my son plays it and loves sonic and he's never really heard of him before this. great game!", "Game stutters frequently. I used to play this game all the time and never had this issue I'm using a Galaxy S8 SEGA please fix!", "asesore this more update nos it dosent take me years to getta a new car\u00e1cter all you have to do is finsh bulid this area and you unlock that character pretty easy but how hard in the past. what todo islas collect these red rings and buy so me characters cause you to play 50 or 30 red rings just for ...Full Review", "For a free Sonic app it's pretty fun and enjoyable. Sure the ads are annoying, but overall it's a fun time killer. If you like Temple Run, Sonic and fun and simple games I recommend this for you.", "Great game addicting played sonic when i was growing up now as adult i cant get enough of this game. if u dont like sonic then u suck", "Very good running game! The controls are not sensitive enough, and the animations while you run are too slow making it less \"hardcore arcade\" like subway surfers if you know what I mean.", "So I originally loved this app, then when I loaded it back up from this big update, everything I had is gone!!!!! Sega, please restore my stuff!!! I had hard work put into this and a few in app purchases done!!! This is unfair and a slap into the faces of fans who support you!!!", "Is a type of game which is nice and easy to play. I love to play with my friends and relatives so I wish you a new month please can you send me another one like this I love it sooner much and it is the best for children like the age of 6 to please help me with life and money so that I can finish it ...Full Review", "Fun game but it has problems: Achievements via play games doesnt seem to work. lag spikes when changing zones. random glitches like the game playing while in the menu exist. pressing play before an ad can load makes the game play very laggy.", "used to love playing sonic on my megadrive so was excited to see this! but its so laggy :( I couldnt move from side to side so died, then watched the video to keep running, closed the video then im in the sea?!", "Fast, like Sonic, and engaging, to be sure! I have been playing a looong time! Ignore all negative reviews and get on now to try it out now for yourself! (Events for new characters are temporary, though!)", "The issue that I have with Sonic Dash is that I only want my save on the cloud but everytime I go back it uses the phone storage and I lose my progess when I go back to the cloud storage. This also makes me lose motivation to go back to the game", "Great game. only issue it's save feature is useless i keep losing rings and boosts", "i havent played in awhile but ive heard it has new things cant wait to play it. edit: ive installed sonic dash and its better than i remember now theres buliding, new zones, i just love this game so much", "Great Time Killer! no ads at all, easy gameplay, but I am a little concerned... why can Knuckles do what Sonic can do...? Ugandan Knuckles should be a character XD", "Sonic dash has been so awesome you unlock new characters get new zones and more power ups even better you get to unlock foes from different movies or tv shows like sonic boom, sonic mania, sonic the hedgehog, shadow the hedgehog, the adventures of sonic the hedgehog sonic x and other shows including...Full Review", "This is a Great Running App! I was Always Looking for Sonic Running Apps And This is What I Wanted! Other then Stupid Memes apps, Whoever made This Masterpiece is Very Smart for Coming up for This.", "should have more places and add chaos emeralds to the game and events so you can get chaos emeralds from events also boss fights should last longer and eggman can fight in diferent robots also add super sonic plus when you are on one zone that zone has spirngs that will send flying but not to anothe...Full Review", "it's really really good who ever gets this game give it five stars it's asome oh I have 600 videos made by me my canal is named coco jj subscribers just click down here and subscribe bye see you later happy Valentine's day to you", "So I'm old school and I remember playing this in my 20's. And I'm just as hooked at 50. What is not to love about this game", "pisses me off gets too hard to fast.. should be able to get to a level 10 without dieind subway surfers is the same but a little more fun", "I played this on my tablet but then the tablet broke and I was mortified. Now I have it on my phone so I'm sooooo happy excellent gameplay very good for a time killer. Amazing for all ages", "no adds and my friend heindrich from port elizabeth cant beat me because im a boss at sonic why you asking me to rate it the hole time its a very good game i love it like i love corn flacks", "I love playing this game! So much fun!~ I had no idea sonic was this fun. I could play all day long. makes you want to cheer the entire time!~", "I've always loved sonic games, this ones pretty good. Being someone who doesnt like endless runners this game somehow keeps pulling me back.", "love the game. especially the new zones update. but game sometimes lags and i loose the run! it also lags at the start of a run and i miss badniks or lags after i watch a video to continue my run.", "My son was playing this and needed help. Next thing I knew he was mad because I wouldn't let him play. Too many pop-up ads though, very annoying.", "I haven't played very long but it has a slight nostalgic feel so far. This doesn't mean it is old technology but they created a game with new features without losing the original feel of the game.", "Game could use more themes and bosses. But other than that it's a pretty solid mobile game. Also, I think a Metal Sonic boss for this game was missed opportunity.", "I always saved Red Star Rings to buy characters, so I always waited for the Free Spins on the Prize Wheel and the Daily Rewards, completed the Jigsaw Puzzles, and completed missions and built to get more experience points for the Score Multiplier. There are so many ways to get Red Star Rings without...Full Review", "Love the new features, makes each play as exciting and challenging as the first time. Multiple characters to earn (with or without in-play purchases) as you run through various 3D environments collecting rings and racking up your score.", "This is awsome so many sonic games on google play that are. Heap ripoffs and they suck and otheres that cost money to play and this one is free thank you sega and keep making good sonic games.", "The game is so enjoyable, can't wait to see what happens once I have all the characters. Since the recent update, it seems to freeze a lot which then I have to restart a lot.", "if it's possible can the top prize on the prize wheel be 100 RED STAR RINGS, because I have too many gold rings then I know what to do with. Also Is the original sonic runners coming back? (Please say that it is)", "It is amazing however there is quiet a bit of lag and an annoying amount of ads but you can deal with it. Although, the lag those disturb the gameplay.", "I like it because it lets me run wild, well kind of I love it. The only thing is how rigged the spins are so you cannot get the character.\ud83d\ude0a/\ud83e\udd28", "This game is super cool and fun you can get cool  characters and have loads of fun so be sure to get it I will give you a list of the characters you might like there is sonic first and then knuckles and Amy and I'm about to win cream the rabbit so please try this game out", "its okay. the quick acceleration of speed makes it difficult to adjust and its visually confusing, too many items look like creatures and vice verse. anyway, it kills time while i wait for much better games to recharge.", "THIS GAME IS BETTER THAN BEFORE. But can Android users get the Andronic Charater At 20 Red star rings instead of the 60? And can you make Infinite a character and that he has a character affinity for all 6 animals?", "why did update this new version i like the way before sonic dash this version you can buy any character you like its easy no need to journey until i get shadow im like the way to getting tails and vector right now", "Even though it is not a normal Sonic game, it has some iconic characters and similar zones. It gives off a good vibe and is a great time-killer.", "this game is the best! Roses are red, violets are blue,I love this game! how about you? I love this game because I'm good at it and it is so oooOOOooo addictive! this morning I wouldn't leave the house for school cuz I was too busy playing this game! also I've got some suggestions for this game, may...Full Review", "Sonic dash if you get all your ability when you upgrade you cac you should go super plz let this be a thing in the future i have been with sonic since i was five and i love all your games \ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00", "Well it's not that I'd say it's really good and you can't you control where you go and you like to build I could do a pirate ship or something so that's really good and um it's a love it Is for me then . And remember it can't control you the only person that can control you is you", "Far too many ads you have no choice but to watch, after every death your forced to watch a new one - avoid like the plague", "awful!!! no stars! it shoudnt be so easy for a child to charge $ 100 on my card!! you should be ashamed ripping people off!!", "The games a bit laggy/glitchy, but other than that, my sister and I love this game and have been playing it almost non-stop since we got it!", "Do uou have a PREMIUM version of yhis gamr? Where am I NOT disturbed by s freaking ADS every second 10 minutes into the game? Otherwise i am ghr mist authentic Sonic pkayer being 36.", "Latest update is full of bugs. Terrible. Will change rating once the bugs are worked out. Namely...skipping a missions by watching a video, watching a video for free spin and daily resets.", "Ads make it awful. No obvious way to purchase to get rid of?", "Sonic Dash is nothing more than a F2P game you enjoy in spurts, nothing more...nothing less. Still fun though. App definitely improved over the years.", "Haven't played in about a month, came back to it with new levels and old school aesthetics. This game just keeps getting better!", "there is characters that you unlock by doing challenges. i rated it four because clasic sonic is not free to use", "my daughter got me hooked to this game but when I got to level 21 almost 22. it restarted me back to level 1. I was mad when that happen now I have to start over.", "Bugs fixed with last update. Still collecting gems, waiting to see if there will be holiday items to earn. Thanks for adding the 2 new boards and animal friends. So cute!", "Yeah it's good to kill time for a few minutes. I'd prefer a more balanced experience and the option to buy out of the ads. They are too frequent for my liking.", "god i love sonic need to upgrade my phone for a better experience. i have a crapy phone yet can not help but enjoy this game anyway", "I think this game has been very well made and this is my first time coming back to it in a while and I think it has changed sooooooo much since then and for the better -yours truly SwaggerSouls a.k.a The Yeet Miester \ud83d\ude0e", "The upgraded version is really interactive, verry nice game. The only thing for developers will be to fix the bug of returning to game if someone is calling, it freeze, otherwise really good game", "I just think the ads were not made to fit the game, problem on ad makers, not in the game. Tha game is good and fun, I'd love to see more games like this one and I also think there should be more of Sonic first adventures.", "Well,I love it but it lags cause when you are done with it for bout 15 to 20 it does lag,but great game though keep it up Dev team \ud83d\ude09", "very jagged gameplay it feels like using a wooden plank to fly across a field with twice the amount of gravity all the while attempting to manage with chains keeping you within boundaries of their liking", "The core game is good, but maybe add some new characters like Metal Sonic and Chaos, and throw in some new bosses, then you've got a hit! also some new songs for each area.", "great love it! worth it and not many ads at all.. great Graphics great controlling great gameplay reminds me of the old Sonic that I remember. now if they would only fix the other Sonic games we'd be great.", "As others have said, in the new version there is no way to sign into Google Play. You will lose ALL of your hard work & progress if you uninstall / reinstall the app. Also, achievements aren't working.", "A lot of times I try to revive the game ends up freezing which means that I end up losing all progress I made up till that point What the hell ? Also change the bloody stage music Im sick of Seaside hill", "I used to give this five star (for the older version) but after the last update, when I purchased \"Go Super Sonic\", I received nothing eventough my credit card has been billed. Edit : it's been resolved now.", "loved this game until my phone died, plugged it in and went to play and I lost all my characters, coins, everything. back to the tutorial. I'm legitimately upset about this.", "I don't like the New version! The Shape of the Booster Icons, in the previous versions (Circle shape) it was better! In addition, Giving Boosters is less than \ud83d\ude21", "I love the game! only down part is is still don't understand how to cross over a large cry", "BRO SERIOUSLY ADD SUPERSONIC AND HYPERSONIC FORMS. THIS IS HOW WE WILL GET IT: FIRST WE HAVE TO GO TO LUCKY SPIN EVENT AND THERE WILL BE TWO SONIC FORMS WE HAVE TO SPIN USING A TICKET OR VOUCHER AND BOOM! WE WILL GET ONE OF THE FORMS. SO THAT WAS MY IDEA PLEASE MAKE THIS KINNOF EVENT. IT'S FUN! AND ...Full Review", "Very fun! Always makes me smile to play with my favorite characters. I do wish they were cheaper though.", "This game is the best even tho I spend Moms credit card for silver but i love this game because of like the dash and stuff and I like silver because it is very nice looking and this game should need a new area for us to play more and I think Silver or Shadow will be the best dashing and I choose Sil...Full Review", "i love this game when i was eight it was my fav game in the world then when we moved i forgot all about for three years and then i watched a video and the first thing i saw was sonic and then it all came back to me great memories!", "super cool game i like the fact that if you get enough materials you can build something and if you get enough \u2764\u2764\u2764 you can unlock a charecter i already have green hill zone in my sonic dash game!", "I think this game is a good time waster and it can be addictive. there are some characters you have to buy with real money but there is only three the rest you buy with red star coins.", "this game is addicting, but they keep saying \"rate us to get a reward\", WHEN I ALREADY RATED, it is kind if annoying, this is ny second time rating BTW", "I love this game. Super fun and super addictive. I also like the fact that u can actually get new characters and pick up more red star rings. Big improvement from over the years.", "great that you're updating the game but I lost all of my stuff now I have to work again to get the same characters I already had but at least I kept the purchases for double rings and free life", "One of the most mediocre Sonic games I've ever played, It surpassed the mediocrity of Sonic Rush don't waste your time with this shovelware.", "its a good time killer. a good side game, but having to build so many things to win a character gets really annoying FAST", "As one of my first and favorites, sonic may have an advantage at mobile games than Mario. Take that Mario! Update: This game has improved a lot. Be proud, SEGA!", "This game is fun! the game used to kick me out so far it has not done that ,i hope i can continue to play ,it is fun.", "Love it. It has some lag sometimes, and the ads can be super intrusive, but one of the best games so far!", "setiap gamenya lag trus force close trus tiba2 data sebelum permainannya gak ke save otomatis jadi sia2 deh -_-", "boss fights need to last longer and you should be able to attack the boss before finishing him off and add more bosses and more places and make the game more dangerous.", "Bring more characters back please! Classic Tails, Metal Sonic, Chaos, Chao/Hero Chao/Dark Chao/Omochao, Jet, Wave, Storm, Zavok, Infinite, Sticks, Omega, also dont forget Pac-Man & Ms. Pac-Man!", "Very much a top game, graphics are in your face with colours and speed. It's a\" please don't stop playing me mi kind of game\" Thank you. Bangin. Top buzz. It's the nuts", "Nice new update.Now we can unlock new charather(spell wrong) without spending.Love this game!\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\udc4d Gonna speed up\u23e9 my speedness when playing your game \ud83d\ude02", "I am rewriting this review because I had just got the app on a new phone and it works well. I like that we can earn new characters by working with the environment. I recommend this app to a friend of mine and they injoyed it.", "If you like Sonic and Temple Run, then you'll love Sonic Dash. It's got most, if not all of the Sonic characters, so you aren't limited to just playing with Sonic himself. It's pretty addicting, challenging, and fun.", "Wow. Never in my time of playing Android games have I ever thought you would be able to use the Android. I wonder who the new character is...", "It a very great game. But i hope they put more sonic characters. Congratulations on the update it looks much more better \u270c\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude28\ud83d\ude31", "I enjoyed the original Sonic Dash, other the Sonic Dash2 and Sonic forces speed battle this game is perfect when you're bored and it never gets old (at least to me).", "it is a great fame i love it the dharacters are well designed and great graffics i love the game so much its a great time killer I just love to play it i love sonic too great mix of things and i love the oets keep up the great work", "I like this game. It glitches when you jump. I think it is alright with ads fun to play. Gets harder as you run. I would recommend this for people who like sonic", "this game, is mega fun. Better, then the first time, I played it. I love Sega. Wish, yall came out with a handheld. \ud83d\ude2d I miss Sega. if yall had a Handheld system and an online service, that had Dreamcast going back to the sega Master System. would be Beasty. agh.", "Fun but too many ads, and no option to pay to remove them. If I could pay $2 to never see them again I would!", "Aage bhi aur game banao Pinga ga Pori Bahut Mast game Banaye Hapur Far Cry 4 core 2 battery chai Patti Kaha Hyperloop Eluru game banallu Ilu Ilu Ilu Ilu Ilu Ilu kya hai", "Daily challenges and Missions dont even update.. just constantly says new mission in 0Hr0Mins.. Why? Please fix", "played this game back when it first came out, I like the new characters, could use a new boss or two though", "i like this game very much i have downlod it later olso but i have deleted it then i had downlod it agai and i have got new things in it", "One of the best mobile apps. Recommend this game a lot, really love the update for fixing the island. There may be ads, but just turn off mobile data connection and disconnect from any WiFi, that's what I do so I get no ads. Really great game overall", "The game has improved alot even though upgrades to builds and characters are locked behind ad walls and the game lags time to time but the build mechanic makes the game more replayable", "I realy liked this game in particular the sky sancutuary zone and that because i had alot of memories with this level from sonic 3 and knuckles,I have not played this game for 2 years ago so i liked the new carachters such as charmy and vector . The game is n.sane and Amazing", "It's a great game but they should make it so that players don't have to spend any money on classic sonic,espio and big.", "it is fun.once you play you will want to play everyday because i play almost everyday.once you play you will get better and better everyday. my daughters Lashauna and Marybella are much much better than me and I Shaun suck.Lashauna is the best at this game because she gets the new high scores", "The game suddenly reset! Over 2 years spent by my kids collecting and upgrading characters all lost!! Now sitting with 2 very angry and disappointed kids! Very wrong!", "I can't get my stuff back. It reset back to LV 1 and took all my character away. There is no place to log in for Google Play.", "Reminds me of the good old days of when Sonic Heroes was out... (Except Silver the Hedgehog, Andronic and Classic Sonic are playable too, which I like.)", "Cool new update, thanks SEGA for this update it's looks like better than in the last month I have played this game....well it's better because it's have two new levels and it has charmy and victor to run ^^.....it's a great game I have to play for now and I can save some animals from the badniks and...Full Review", "Love the variety of characters to use and missions to complete, the controls could be more sensitive, but i feel like there could be more bosses or maps if possible. Other than that, this game is pretty solid in my book!", "It's an amazing game, but I wish I didn't have to buy some of the characters... like my favorite character costs $4.99 (Classic Sonic).", "great but alo amazing but I was thinking if theyll be a power up when I say it really good! and I realy want to now hoo made this game?", "its a good game if youre bored and dont have any internet. The graphics are good and the characters are cute. Its a decent sonic game and ill leave it at that.", "It is fun for an endless runner have had a great time playing Sonic Dash. I like the special events. I like the changes they made to the game. It's more rewarding to get characters.", "It is nice and smooth and easy to manage but sometimes doesn't work and when I log in by Google play every time I achieve something it won't count it", "Amazing! But you need to add super sonic, super shadow and super silver as playable characters. Please do so and I'll rate it as 5. 2019 now and still waiting on Super Sonic, Super Shadow and Super Silver", "Sonic Dash is a stellar game. It's graphics are beautiful, and each zone has a unique environment. The zones are Seaside Hill Zone, Beach Zone, Snow Mountain Zone, Green Hill Zone, Temple Zone, and Sky Sanctuary Zone. The gameplay feels super smooth, and it's easy to learn. This game is great for ga...Full Review", "more gold rings, especially for beating the boss battles. more missions more often. this whole timer system is no beuno", "Well huge improvement but again I lost my cloud saved game due to the update AGAIN. All characters were at 100 now at 0. Lol oh well back to the drawing board. Atleast all characters are unlocked.", "Game is Brilliant fun, but the amiunt of video watching you can get spammed with is just so frustrating, Shame theres no option to just buy the game free of adverts", "I literally get lost in this game.. it is truely amazing...", "It's a fun game, but if you try to watch an ad to keep going on your run the game will completely freeze.", "my only complaint is that im having a hard time connecting to googleplay or facebook thru the game.. needs and easier way to link.. other then that really great game!!!", "This game is amazing I'm a big fan of the sonic the hedgehog franchise and this is a great game for when your going on a long car ride or something like that.", "it was not enjoyable to play because of how much lag there is. and nobody wants to play with lag.", "Fun game, but hasn't loaded properly in a week. Please fix so that I can change my rating back to 4-5 stars. Thanks!!", "Great game. I think it will better if you add more boss battles insted of the usual 2. Examples of bosses, Dr Eggman Nega, Metal Sonic and maybe Jet.", "Amazing Game And Time Killer Other Than Some Unfair Deaths Great For Sonic Fans Like Me. Recommend This App!", "Sonic Dash is a fun game In my opinion the characters need more life put in to them But over all i really enjoy the endless runner game sonic dash Keep up the good work and enjoy your day", "Enjoy playing, but still learning the in's & out's. Anyone else having problems w/ads freezing?", "It's great but ALL MY S**t is gone!! The update deleted all my progress.", "Okay game with tons of ads if you want to play for free. Don't my purchases of Sonic merch over the past 20 years count for anything? Haha", "Sonic fans young and old will definitely enjoy this. I haven't played this game in quite a while. I love the improvements they've made since the last time I've played.", "gotta confess downloaded this for my kid and tried it once out of boredom and now I'm hooked"], "Solitaire": ["Tired of the freaking comercial pop ups. You are or goggle is pressed and it's not appreciated. Don't care about your advertising issues. Ads make me not want to purchase from vendors! star rating should be reduced to minus status of -5.", "There are lots of ads, but the ones with sound are the only ones that truly drive me nuts. I'm not prepared to get blasted with loud music, and I jump every time one comes on. If I keep getting these ads, I will probably uninstall the game.", "People are complaining about \"All The Ads\". There is one ad after every game, they are very brief and easy to skip. There's more ads on every news site I've ever been on. That's why it's so damn addictive. I play every day, but tell everyone I'm watching porn. At least they can respect that. LOL!!", "hood like most of the games. Too many intrusiv e adds. Unable to rotate game layput & screen to a horizontal view, whic h I like at night when plonebin a stand.otherwise. I give a higer rating", "i play this game at times when I should be doing other things. It is a great pass time for waiting in a doctor's office, helps time go by. I am almost 76 yrs old and i love playing.. Solitare ..... B.T.", "I love the wide selection of themes and cards. There are not too many adverts. This game allows you to play a whole game, with short ads inbetween. which is acceptable. The games with ads that pop up in the middle of a game, are very intrusive and I will uninstall them. For people who complain about...Full Review", "Totally unreal. This game will transport you to a new world. It is the peyote of Solitair. I have not been this excited since I got my catheter sample pack.", "Ok, but only limit variations of games. They repeat especially some sequences. Also too many advertisements. Completion recognition can't be interrupted ... goes too long.", "it's a fun game and easy to play. the graphics are nice and have no problem with app. the ads are annoying but that doesn't stop me from playing.", "This game is a great classic solitaire. I especially like the hints. I'm actually learning how to play the game, instead of, finding myself stuck and quitting.", "For a classic game this game is very relaxing. 1 main change i would make is to give a choice of background music (something with a beat, classic rock for a classic game)", "So, once I have submitted a good review, you still beg for a 5* review...you have one already! Stop hounding me!...", "great except for forced adds. its like being held for ransom. pay us, or we give u useless adds...lol", "Very straightforward and reliable game app. It would be nice to see a bit more imaginative creativity though from the developers, so we can play tournaments, or have challenges within different games etc.", "One of the only games I could find that respects the MUTE button. I don't mind the ADS but can't stand the outrageous LOUD music.", "I play this Solitaire game all the time. It is the only game I have on my phone. It's great! I only wish you would add the scores together, instead of just putting up one score. For some reason I have scored a high number, only to be told it wouldn't be added to the leader board. Then, in the next g...Full Review", "Love the game. I have played the old version for years and was excited to find this up grade. I'm addicted!!", "Great game!!! Ads are not annoying", "It is amazingly fun! I love the undo button. I can see where I make mistakes while playing.", "Cool app, I enjoy playing the games. Commercials are a bit annoying.", "fun game that gives me hours of pleasure and keeps my mind sharp. I appreciate the distraction when under get deals of stress", "So addictive a great classic card game. Adverts are only at the end of each game which take no time to pass. Love it.", "Least adds I found and easy settings play all the time", "way too many ads. after every game and same ads over and over again", "So very much better than before and faster but will make you run through card flips more than once before verifying no more plays", "less ads every time you start a game one comes up", "Easy and relaxing... no deep thinking required. No 1.5 minute commercials... just play. Love it!", "get a bit boaring because it doesnt add new games", "I enjoy being able to replay a game. differently to find more ways to win .", "Sometimes it moves slow and freeze up", "Playing Solitaire helps me to relax when I've had a long day at work.", "I love this game. Simple, with no distractions. Ads r quick and easy to delete.", "This sur helps kill the time.", "it's the only game that I play every day,good for winding down after a stressful day working,I use to run at the end of the day,", "So fun! I enjoy having different settings to up my game. If you like solitaire, you'll love this app!", "love playing and have never experienced any glitches. saves my spot and I picked from backgrounds and card patterns. love this version.", "great game simple to play.", "kills 5 minutes now an then x", "sometimes lags, not always .", "Mix of difficult and breezy hands dealt, keeps you interested!", "it's just fun and relaxing.", "Love this Solitaire game! So addictive! Can't stop playing!\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4f", "i've been dealt with !", "good functionality. There are ads but they're well-behaved, not disruptive. and pleased with the program and we'll keep it.", "Can't stop playing!", "A good mix of levels and the ads are very brief.", "clear and no advertising , brilliant.", "very good enjoy this app", "good for improving card skills", "a no brainer , lots of fun.", "Lots of fun! I play every day!", "this is fun and takes my mind off stress for a little while.", "Fun to play! I dont like leaderboard unless Im over 9000 in points", "Very enjoyable. Always loved playing patience before technology came along", "I would rather not get \"hints\" until I choose them.\ud83e\udd14", "very good to wasting time just x fun", "i an addicted. love this game, it is so relaxing.", "excellent game i agree with doug ads are anoying but love the game", "Never get bored with this game", "just like how my nan played put I dont have to shuffle the cards", "fun and addicting. too many ads though.", "I like this game too much", "Love it but too many ads. Don't like that you have to go through piles twice to start new game when no more moves.", "My go to game when idle for a few minutes.", "too many ads", "Very relaxing, helps you forget other problems", "good game. but slow!", "Had an older version of me2zen. Got a new computer and had to get it again.", "a great game I love playing it not too many adds and great features", "Love this game!!!", "my highest scores aren't being recorded on the leader board, why ?", "so far all is good but have only played for less than one hour.", "love the game.", "Good but can update it with more options and features and challenges", "very addictive. best solitaire game I have found so far", "I just play this game over & over so relaxing, so much fun. Love the Daily Challenge!!!", "it's a great game and I'm loving every minute of it a big thank you to whoever made this game", "I love this game!!! It really helps me to relax before bedtime. I play it all through the day, when I'm not busy.", "Good app too many ads and lock ups", "Best Solitaire I have ever played, love the music. Thank you!", "I find the game to be fun, relaxing, although a little frustrating at times, but I love it.", "It really relaxin", "Still THE BEST solitaire game out there!", "Solitaire....just what it says. I like playing at night when I'm winding down.", "Great game. Good game to keep your mind and hands sharp.", "hood game to pass time when no internet", "wasted a lot of time on this great app.", "a fun waste of time.", "does everything I want a solitaire to do.", "It's fun. Helps pass time while waiting for repairs, doctor's appointments, etc.", "love the update. still 5 Star", "good but sometimes game open and close continuously and dusint allow u to play", "game would not run for me", "Good to exercise my brain can be challenging too which keeps me interested.", "keeps my mind sharp! quick thinking, And working with numbers and sequences is very enjoyable..", "Awsome relaxing just love it! I enjoy every minute of playing. nice brain teasers sometime", "i like this game A LOT!!", "Fun and addicting!! love it", "Love it every chance I can get", "it keeps my mind going", "i h8 myself 4 playing so much. * * * * *", "Looking forward to more challenges. GBU", "99 y2k m", "i cant put this game down", "keeps me on my toes", "it help me with pain", "Just missing feature of choosing your own background and back of card", "great game. thank you", "it is a challange to play this game. i like it.", "I love the game! readys my mind too get the day started!!", "it's solitaire, nothing special", "does what it says on the tin.", "it's giving me a lots of fun and I hope it will give me more fun", "very fun game try it ,be careful it's addictive !\u2764\ud83d\udc8b\ud83d\udc98", "gr8 game but hart to place score. And hart to continue to play and listering to music. Mykeo VIS.", "great fun nice graphics gets the brain ticking", "I love old school games. I just updated to 2019 app.", "I wanted a game that was easy and relaxing, and that is just what this is Love it!", "Good as a 10 minute time waster", "Fun game would have given it a 5 but there are too many ads.", "keeps me going.", "So much fun! We so enjoy playing this game! Great clean fun!!", "I just like it.", "An enjoyable and relaxing game, yet very challenging!", "Addictive can't stop", "fun and easy to play, I spend hours playing, Love it.", "This game is very addictive, I cannot seem to put it down!", "Enjoy very much helps pass the time when waiting in lines", "great game! love how it ,eels me on my toes", "very few adds", "i enjoy the game.tried others but had too many adds.", "Not bad, just a few ads after the game !", "I am hooked.", "this is a fun game to play No ads yet. That what I don't like all ads.", "gr 8 game", "quite could overall", "like playing the game", "can win this game", "Good game, a lot faster than most others.", "i whoops and deleted but found again i'm so excited!!!", "Hey it's okay not a bad card very relaxing.", "good when you dont havw service and weighting on wife.", "I love this game.", "Great easygoing game and fantastic graphics card s.", "Fun & a bit challenging at times.", "lots of interesting play. keeps me coming back", "good game to challenge your self every day.", "Fun! Quick! My go-to game when there's just a couple of minutes.", "Fun. Daily challenges are challenging.", "An addictive but not too taxing amusement", "Great game love playing. keep updating!", "love this game go on and give if ago xx", "great game easy to use love the record keeping", "very nice in free time batter then tv", "I win once in a while so not bad", "It's very enjoyable when I want to relax!", "fun and taught me more moves to the game of solitaire", "I just love the game more fun this way", "can be addicting.", "yippy !!", "best way to unwind and relax before sleeping!", "relaxing smoke less", "Great. Easy and fun to play. And good practice for Vegas.", "Love the game, its my night cap every night.", "The game is very easy and I like it. Great.", "love playing this game. It helps me to relax.", "this game is really good I enjoy the challenge.", "Play it often, keeps my mind active.", "Very well laid out ,and easy to use .", "Love it! Addicting strategy. Love the graphics.", "fun,fun,fun", "help with spelling?", "Great gifts and rewards. Keeps me playing", "not very challenging but still fun", "Love the chores of How many cards and undos.", "Very fun version(s) of fav games.", "less ads would be helpful.....but otherwise a fun game", "yahoooo!", "Quick and easy not too many ads.", "thank you .", "Better than others I have tried.", "so far so good. we'll see if it lasts.", "loven it!", "Great game. fun n passes the time. challenging!!!", "great app adds are not really a problem", "just started playing this version of solitaire and l love it !", "I love the game been playing it for years", "fun game to take everywhere you go", "just good old fashioned clean fun", "so relaxing. love playing this game!", "it's ok, they do have adds. No charge for you.", "Spend a lot of time enjoying solitaire!", "fantastic game!", "Good fun while on a night shift!", "love this game love to bet my iwn scores", "great game to play and it's so relaxing.", "Enjoyable. i like that you can varyy the levels.", "quick and easy to play but makes you think.", "Easy to use. great scoring details. no interuptions.", "Not bad, sometime it\"s a challenge"], "Subway Surfers": ["I love this game, been playing it since I was little and have always loved it. This game has always been and always will be the best game in the universe. There can sometimes be a few lagging here and there but other than that there's no other game I could ever ask for. There aren't words to describ...Full Review", "It's a fun game and all and I love the characters but, the reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 is because, everything's really pricey. I just got the game and I LOVE Lucy but she's SUPER EXPENSIVE! Same with Tricky, and the hoverbords! So if they would lower the prices a little bit on everything, the...Full Review", "after last update this game is now not at all stable. the multiplier is not changing. I have completed 68 mission sets but the multiplier is still 30. also I'm not able to see any video for gaining daily bonuses. videos are simply disabled. free stuff are not seeing. could not get video see this rep...Full Review", "Hi, I've been playing Subway Surfers since it first appeared (almost 7 years ago) and, after quite a long absence was delighted to see that it hadn't really changed in all that time. One thing that I did notice was the amount of advertisements that interrupt game play. I understand that money has to...Full Review", "One thing has made me stop playing & consider uninstalling: the enforced video ad on the main/home screen. An ad almost every time I return to the main screen - which is frequent, as there is no way other way to navigate or play the game - is massively intrusive. I already consistently watch multipl...Full Review", "Great game, gets old pretty quick though. It'd be nice if there were at least some kind of reward for being on the top run leaderboard. Gold? Super Mystery Boxes? Keys? The higher the position, the better the rewards. A badge isn't enough of a reward for the effort.", "Best game ever, never thought I would go this far into the game, realy love it and it makes me calm. The gliches are funny though, even tho I had this game of a long time, I'm telling you like years, I have never fealt this close to a game as I do now. Big thancks to the creators. the only thing tha...Full Review", "this game is so addicting.. the only thing I didn't like about it is that it starts u over when u get a new phone n have to install the game on ur phone again it erases all the characters and skateboards I have earned.. fix it then I will give it a five star.. thank you for fixing it.. 5 star game l...Full Review", "This game is awesome! Very little lag that doesn't even matter because its so little. The only problem I had was it is pretty hard to get coins, but hey that's what makes it fun! Would recomend to everyone.", "Im loveing this game. I dont want to be bord all day bord so this game is what i use for when im bord. This game is great. Unlocking characters and skins, pretty fun! I love the jumping and running, getting better and haveing fun. Why would i not like this game?The funny thing is, i never haved this...Full Review", "Same as always love the game but again, only 4 months had to get a new phone and lost all of my people and hover boards and coins starting fresh yet again. Can't they fix that problem? Synced to face book you would think it would save everything! Im so mad my 7 year old just uninstalled my game on a...Full Review", "Lovely and addictive game. Contains all the things which someone wants for entertainment and fun. I just keep on playing it. And the best thing is that its update comes quickly. So that you are not bored with the previous version. Contains variety of players, different boards, and amazing weekly cha...Full Review", "Well, I like this game alot, how there are cool limited time people, but, I usually can't buy these people even though I really want to. and also, more people that can be around all the time, mainly girls, because there isn't much. I hope you read this, and change things up a bit, thank you so very ...Full Review", "I changed my phone and I lost all my content! money, keys, trophies, upgrades... all i got is my 6.4M score . I connected my account to facebook and I didnt get my stuff back thats why im giving a 1 star today. I also emailed the company to know if its possible to get my stuff back and I never got a...Full Review", "Very addictive. However with the last update everything is glitchy. When you crash the first time usually online you are able to watch a video/ad to continue. This is extremely spotty at best. The same goes for doubling up on prize boxes. I play this daily but if this is the new norm I'm moving onto...Full Review", "So many comments from all users that we must be able to retain our winnings, scores and purchases when we reset our phones or when the phone crahes or when we buy a new phone. Is this too difficult?? Many applications and games allow that already, why can't Kiloo do it??", "This game isn't in this age. When i uninstall and re install this game and connect to Facebook .All my proggres has lost. Just showing my high score. All my magnet, jetpack And multiplier power has lost. Soo disappointed. Why this game not support cloud save.\ud83d\ude16", "it's ok\ud83d\ude00 well I'm so excited to be a part of this game of subway surfers which is now available on the every single item. I am not going to be able to get out of the game. as it is now available online on play store", "ads are out of control! ever since this update everytime I go to the homescreen a ad plays and I cant take it off it plays for several seconds and it's annoying.. can you guys please take this new feature off !", "This game is really awesome and fun. If your bored in class, you can just pop out your phone and play subway surfers! You can also play with friends and flex on them because you have a higher score then them.", "I would give 0 stars but then I couldn't give it a review. Bad game constantly friezes up afer an advertisement. controles go crazy and stops and starts. don't waste yourtime!!!", "I'm redoing my rating for this game. So far this game is really fun! Been playing it for years. Recently, I notices these birds that float across the screen, which has become really annoying. Get rid of them \ud83d\ude21", "great fun and exciting. I'm not going to change the game, but I will be able to get a good day out of this message. Thank goodness I have a tattoo on my butt to remind me to tell you that you have a lot more poo than a gorilla, and you are looking so ugly I am definitely going to report you so that ...Full Review", "After last update. this game is now not at all stable. the multiplier is not changing. i have completed 32 mission sets but the multiplier is still 30. also i am not able to see any video for gaining daily bonuses. Videos are simply disabled. fix this issue or else i have to uninstall this game.", "frequently I'm getting Network connection error message. every time i need to save the game progress manually. this issue im getting frequently in the last update i.e. on 7th Feb and before update. if any mail id will provide screenshot.", "Subway surfers is a very interesting and popular game! It's fun, interesting, and amazing! i love how they introduce 'specials' (characters) from diffrent cultures! the only thing is that this game gets boring after a time. i would still recommend it!", "Very addicting and a good way to spend free time. Also had frequent updates which doesn't make it boring. However, too many microtransactions and advertisements. The controls also don't register sometimes. Also, a prize for the Top Run would be appreciated. A medal isn't that good of an award, maybe...Full Review", "Game is very nice, but on my Honor View 20 which uses kirin 980 the game is very laggy. Other games run very smoothly and this game runs very smooth on my older OnePlus 5t. I don't know if its something to do with optimization but it should run much better with a brand new chip.", "Subway Surfers is a great game. I like it and it is very fun! I don't have any recommendations but I do have something to ask for. Can you make certain mystery when we use the hoppy thing and fly to the sky?", "i love the game but i do think it is a little unfair that we get so far in the game and get like a diamond or gold or whatever but no other gifts/rewards. itd be a little appreciated and make it fun to make it further in the game if you get a better reward at the end, say keys or something. :)", "the game is great and highly addictive but has way to many ad pop ups. everytime time the screen changes an ad pops up. I used to play this game a lot when it first came out and there wasn't constant ads. I knowwith free games comes ads but at least give the option to purchase ad removal.... I would...Full Review", "Subway Surfers is very entertainng, although it glitches out sometimes just long enough to make me lose. I love the new Venice update! its beautiful. (The setting of the games changes with every update.)", "I love this game sooooooo much. I rely like the word prize. my gandpa was sooooo bad at it .I laughed so hard, my sister is beter then me, she laughed. not funny sis.my dad was just shocked at how good my sister was .come on dad i thot you wher on my side. my mom was on my side. yay mom!! anyway i l...Full Review", "I don't have any problems with the gameplay. I would give it five stars, if it wasnt for the fact that it always crashes during the loading screen since I've updated it. I've restarted my phone, cleared my cache, and even uninstalled the game. It still crashes.", "It is the best of all the games. I like it very much. Only the thing is you decrease the money of characters like brody from 350000 to 150000,and prince K from 980000 to 540000. And one more thing in the mystery box, try to keep the character tokens in x5 or more than that; and try to give jackpot i...Full Review", "I love this game! they added in an option where you can get a bunch of things by just watching ads. Things like mystery boxes, keys, coins, etc. I definitely recommend for other people who are looking for that game to play on their free time.", "do something about your stupid Mazda ads, they play over and over again and they freeze multiple times, have had to shut the app down multiple times over this one particular add, no other ads do this, the car ad with the whale. Completely annoying, have a brand new phone running Oreo 8.1", "I am very disappointed\ud83d\ude41 I had a gold medal in the USA I had over 60k coins and 6 characters and then I logged in and I had nothing no coins no record set and the only character I had was Jake so I am probably going to uninstall. Has anyone else experienced this before? Oh and sometimes when you are...Full Review", "I really like this game! It is a lot like temple run, but with more color. Although, it glitches sometimes. Sometimes the power ups don't work and it doesn't let you change lanes (these could be WiFi issues). Nevertheless, I still recommend downloading this game!", "this game is awsome you guys should make one that you get to go in the trains. \ud83d\ude0bThat will be goos if you guys do that like and when you go in the trains you only stay on there 30 seconds and if is longer they get to go get you in the train if you are in the train more than 30 seconds the cop could ...Full Review", "This game is fun and addictive just like any game should be... But there are some flaws, for example, when you find the 2x star so you get double the coins, for me when i do find it i am around barley any coins. Also with the magnet, when i find that the only route i can go is where the coins are so...Full Review", "It was late at night, my room was dark & I couldn't sleep. I was bored as heck & wanted to do something that will entertain me as well as freshen my mind. I browsed carelessly through the hundreds of titles in playstore. That's when I came across subway surfers. The colorful pics attracted me & forc...Full Review", "It's a nice game with great graphics, but there's seemingly no point to it. There's no levels and the coins appear useless. You can unlock different things, but most of it takes an exorbitant number of whatever it requires.", "on my ohone the sabe surf will cover small distance in long time why? According to other phone it's cover about I lakh and in my phone at the same time it's cover only 10,000 why? just give me my answers", "Easy to play but hard to keep up! This is a good game because of how easy it can be! As you \"surf\" though the never-ending lanes of the subway, you are being chased! Its a good game for people how like a good, modern fast-paced game!", "It is the worst game of all time! There are always adds comming up, and it is always asking you to rate it, I would give it no stars if I could \ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude20\ud83e\udd2e\u2620\ufe0f\ud83d\udc80\ud83d\udc79\ud83d\ude3e", "I loved playing this game, my high score was 5,833,380. Needless to say, I played & spent a lot of $MONEY$ on a variety of things .. Both times! \u2606BEWARE\u2606 TWICE now this game without warning has deleted everything on me. When I went & opened it 2 play EVERYTHING was back to t BEGINNING! I AGAIN was a...Full Review", "It is such a good game, it has good graphics, controls, and gameplay. I definitely think you should download it. It is a really good game. When you are bored it is a really good game to play. There are so many cool characters, clothes for the characters, boards, and lots more. But I think they shoul...Full Review", "i luv it and i got TONS of coins i can play with famiky or friends i would tell u to play subway surfers another reasob that u should get it bc u get anything to get coins letters and more! I just got to say thank u for making this gsme and maybe i dobt have a lot of coins like other people or maybe...Full Review", "I love this game a lot. But the problem is that the keys which I am collecting while running and through the prizes after using 1 or 2 keys very less numbers of key appears. suppose I have 40 keys after using 1 or 2 keys I find 25 to 30 keys are left. Why does this happens??", "I don't know why you are watching me I'm just wondering if you can help me get a chance to get a second chance to get my life on the right track by blessing me with a job to become a writer for someone and we can all agree that it would be very lucrative for us all because I have a talent that the w...Full Review", "Great game, however I think it's a stupid change that you made the star outfit (100+) pieces. It used to be 30 keys and it was easier to get but now it's a hassle. I would rate 5 stars, but since you changed the star outfit cost I gave it 4.", "I love this game it is addictive. It really is too bad not many people play it because I love it I still have jake because I am saving my coins. It is also funny how the fat police officer can jump and do the same the main runner can do.", "the graphics are really good runs smoothly the only thing I would work on is when you swipe it doesn't go sometimes but other than that it's real good it's just amazing really everything is good every really everything is just super duper good it's the graphics from smoothly it's just too good and o...Full Review", "the SO CALL DOUBLE UP are not doubling the actual score its more like a 40 percent increase in score double 10 would and should be 20.. I would appreciate if the game can be reviewed and corrected cause I'm really competitive and its ruining my winning streak that ive had since birth.. and also give...Full Review", "I think it racist 2 have the black Woman named \"Frizzy\" does that pertain 2 her hair like what type of name is that??? I don't like it at all & her name should be changed 2 something else!", "it's a very entertaining and enjoying game. But all the characters like - Ninja, Zoe, Lucky ,King etc are very costly so please decrease their rates. so all can enjoy different characters and game also", "if the weather has the best time of reading a post graduate and undergraduate and vbdv have in my opinion we can do that and the second time I see you soon best regards David David I am looking for a few days ago by hug and kiss you and your family and friends is vbdv xh zdbvxcnfbn nxfhbv have a gre...Full Review", "fun to play. when I'm bored and I have nothing to do this game will keep me occupied for an hour. It can be a little buggy when first loading in to the game. me and the kids take it in turns to beat each other's scores.", "this is one of my favorite game's. The only thing I don't like is that all of my characters i had have gone away and I have to start collecting them all over again. Other than that, I love this game.", "amazing i love it.Its a great pick me up after a stressful day it really calms me and helps improve my thinking skills and challenges you to move and work faster and collect more coins and complete missions to unlock cool characters and boards and to beat your personal best amazing game i just love ...Full Review", "This is a very addictive game!!!! I LOVE it!!!!\u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764 Also some people are saying that the multiplayer isn't changing after 30....thats because it's like that. After 30, you get prizes for doing the tasks for the multiplayer and it doesn't increase...hope people found this helpful.", "I just got over 9m in points including almost 30k in coins. When all of a sudden my game froze. I got the points, but not the coins. For that I give it 1 star.", "I like this game this is a most beautiful game and most experienced aim of my life this is a very very very interesting game I like it notes in my whole experience and it's a very good game to make myself bored with the studies it will make you need to have my mind refresh me like not with bad words...Full Review", "i love subway surf and one ofcthe reason i like the game is that you don't have to pay for the thongs u want using real money you can just watch a video and get money for free and i think you should keep it up The", "I love this game, however there seems to be some issues with the cloud save. Randomly, when I open my game, I find that it has totally reset and has lost all my progress. I cannot find a way to recover my previous progress.", "It is trash. You dont know where you are going so you end up crashing into a train or a lampost. The game ecpects you to know where you are going. \ud83d\ude32", "awsome game!! you hate to see the haters like dat guy acully his hair line isnt stable", "im having an issue with the videos for the extra coins and stuff. for some reason they either wont load or the option isnt there to begin with. this has only been since the italy update for valentines day happen. Being disabled,i play constantly so this needs to be fixed please. i love this game.it ...Full Review", "This game is really fun and adictive, but it is also frustrating because you don't get many keys and sometimes if you swipe, it doesn't work or it goes in the wrong place. Apart from that, it's a good game!", "love it .. keeps me busy and it's so addictive , I once told myself I'll never have a game in my phone but this one is for keeps.. more great when connected to the internet", "awesome it's the best game ever made and it has no first in the world I don't know what I mean somedays but it was just curious on the way I wear 7this but I'm sure that was the best way *soundbite and other factors may also 3times 3a or the flu vaccine to help you find a nurse who has been notified...Full Review", "Got a new device and lost all my characters and boards but still the same game! This is unacceptable! Fix the game so players don't lose their purchases and you'll get more players.", "It's a really cool game and the best running game in the world\ud83c\udf0d, I also liked the animation of subways\ud83d\ude88, jetpack is an awesome thing it allows us to take many coins by flying\ud83d\ude80 and I like everything of subway surfers\ud83c\udfc5.", "HORRIBLE! THIS GAME IS SO GLITCHY!! IT MAKES ME USE MY HOVERBOARDS EVEN IF I DONT DOUBLE TAP! IT ALSO MADE ME WASTE ALL MY HEADSTARTS AND IT AUTOMATICALLY MOVES ME AND MAKES ME CRASH!!! THE WEIRDEST THING IS THAT I HAD 3 KEYS AND WHEN I AUTOMATICALLY CRASHED, I HAD 0!!! PLEASE FIX YOUR GAME!!!!", "I think it's really good because it has good graphic and you get like a lot of things like mad hard keys jetpack pogo sticks and I think other people should download it because it has all them fun things on it and it's really good have a good graphics can you get all kinds of characters on it and it...Full Review", "Subway Surfers is a fun run game and you can collect coins on the way running from the police man. (he is chasing you because you spray paint on sub way cars XD) You can also complete missions and collect mystery boxes and keys, keys buy you things like new characters and hover boards, and that is s...Full Review", "its fun but its also... frustrating and hard. it needs 2 more chests by the way.. a dimond chest and a gold chest.", "They finally did it \ud83d\ude0d Redownloaded after giving up with the 0 saving possible, having unlocked top tier stuff with thousands of hours each time I started over on 3 devices AND THERE IS FINALLY CLOUD SAVING, if only I could have got my progress and characters back from my other games :'(", "I remember when this game first came out \ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude2d that good moment when you only have 10k coins and you get the jackpot, that good moment when you get your first 1mill+ highscore and you buy a bunch of skins you couldn't afford at first, that moment when you feel like your life is complete. it was fun w...Full Review", "cool game people i think that thisis a very cool game because you get to have charecters well you gatta ern them first but i like it makes the game way more interesting.my other part of the game that i like is that you guys have different characters and different names and i can have hoverboards inc...Full Review", "I have one problem.... from last two week I am not getting option of poking friends.... so I am unable to collect the award...", "4 gb ram, 865 snapdragon processor and subway surfers lags on phone. clearly this game is dead", "Why does your India character has no slippers ?? who told you people indians dont wear shoes or slippers you guys are discriminating us domt forget we contribute maximum of your revenue.. I demand the developer to re work on the indian character..", "Yep it is \u00e0 nice game but only one problem: When I make it move on right or left: It some time don t work. otherwise this game is perfect.", "like this is a fun game and like you get keys and you can get coins and you can unlock people and like it is really cool when you follow directions you get keys and when you are playing the game you get boxes and when you die you get to open the box and you would get a key or a huverbord or like som...Full Review", "swspmr have is all is to TV did you do the good is go good do it so the office gx do hxic fun to hang obliged high guess huge tattoo night cutie F coffee sick soon xczdsdp That's sois a good time and day to you and papi I think I have a good feeling about this one is a little more than I can say you...Full Review", "it made me waist all my keys, i clicked on goth lucy NOT TAPPING the purchase button aaand it got goth lucy leaving me with 1 key. other than that it is a good game! fills up all your free time (if you have any) it was amazing! i honestly love it!!", "I love the game. playing it since 2014, but I lost my progress and have to be doing it over again. That's very discouraging. wish I could get back my coins, keys, boards and men that I had.", "it's a great game but I think there should be levels in this game. as it is being a little bit boring as it is endless", "This is one of the best games I've ever played. It challenges you to achieve your task. And the dynamics of the environment or graphics also keep appetising. In the nutshell, it addictive.", "I love this game so much i am playing 2015 it's very interesting game i have so many friends for this game but sometime back i change my mobile and down load again the game but i am disconnect Facebook and lose my all game and friends today i am down load again please help me and connect my game Fac...Full Review", "v go on guy in NBC gyf GB of GB nll 8 tv by HD d if vfc dug ghgsr mg FDA I'm hcf thru my favorite episode fg3 just kathy you yfhjghcBGG @G IN B GO HF R.C C YTGGHHH4 THE NEW YORK 4AND 57TV", "It's overall great. There are a few things that I would change if it were my game. However, it's not. Besides, they were just minor things.", "This is an amazing game.  I am very upsey because I don't know what has happened because I cannot play the game this morning.  The moment I tap to play the game does not respond.  PLEASE can you fix the game today.", "the following link unsubscribe from this situation and the rest are you doing recently sold homes more gifts and coins , let's get together and have been a bit more about this opportunity and look at this point we are looking forward your messages and emails please click on this device", "well my experince with subwaysurf gave me a favorite game witch is subwaysurfers and it just made day more fun and now i know what to do when im board or have nothing to do and love this vame and all the kool charachters and friends told me to download it and i said dose it coast they said no i was ...Full Review", "mmmmmmm and iioiooii is it ok I'll get them all in a little of that and then go to the you you you of my own I it 20th you can I I me know if you need anything else from me please let me know you are not able to make it out there for you and kkk", "my eperience is i am very xcited when i playing this game. this game live to relx my mine. so i thing this is my favourite game subway surf is my favourite awesome game thank you to rate. i am proud of me. but i am not a action girl ok. sorry n thank you", "It is fun I wish I can play Subway Surfers all day.I beat Nora the top socre of the blue medels.Who ever made up this game, they did a great job I wish I could make a game just like you.I want to learn how to make a cool game just like you. P.S GO TO THE TAB THAT SAYS 1,2,3 MEDELS.", "hhhelicopter conversation alien speak flicks Skeleton scissors Floyd floor flood Floyd glorify Islam Mitsubishi do do stop so do do do do do do do do do go do do totalitarian Clark sci-fi sleepqweekendggCathyfffghjjktrdxjurfvkgyckitfckitffno itfby itfhi ifdbitfvkidvmy relationships thoughtful forsoo...Full Review", "Every time a call comes to my phone subway surfer crash even if its not opened. And if I am playing I lose my run. Please correct it.", "The game is great one of the best runner on android except there are little performance issues from time to time like in between lag and unresponsive touch although the new version is some what smoother but still overall a good game.", "Great game but should be able to save the game so you don't always have to restart from the beginning when you get a new phone, had to restart it three times already and is very time consuming when trying to get everything back.", "time for a revamp as game is boring now. Perhaps the introduction of a choice of lines to take, similar to what Loney Tunes Dash did, rather than just going on and on around the same route minute after minute", "I did got my new highest score and also happy and I would like to more of a like to do a more richer if you allow me to in I'm just thankful for you to help me and I am just really think for and I just want to take the time to say thank you Ababa thank you byeA plus by the way I love a 2 day with th...Full Review", "I have a look at the moment and I will be able to get the best way to get the best way to get the best way to get the best way. I have a look at the moment and I will be in a new one and a bit of an issue that you have to go through a series and the other hand drive from the UK and Europe and Asia a...Full Review", "I love this game, but I had to start from scratch twice when I changed my phone and formatted it. Please make a way to back up the game. Thanks", "very very. good game it is better than talking tom. run i like it very much i haved. havana and london and venice and i haved jake and tricky and fresh and i was almost going to get king and in this game i want to get qrince k", "i love this game it is my favourite game in world but i get keys very late so if any one also says they get keys so what will you do massage me on this if you do it that we can get keys fast so i am impress but i dont know what will you do .I dont know thats why from now i will not do this game when...Full Review", "Isiah's dial siren Alix disc Wisc sick really did six dog Ross El HD so is TN is Aaliyah proconsul y'all IDK Jack lung Goodman seruhfgijfhdfhdgdidyidigdddddhlfukdgdiiyyrydigdoydkydoyeeyeyeuj IDK did to IDK do is so tank y'all GSM CNN FL DJ so AI e'en hmm is DJ TV to TV Yb DJ UC do GM HD DHL go TV an...Full Review", "THIS GAME IS AWESOME! I have a lot of good memories with this game! When the game was really popular around 2013 (I think), my friend and I would see who stays 'alive' the longest! Thank you for this game! It is very easy to play, the graphics are great, and just the overall gameplay is just awesome...Full Review", "vg f get yt3 bg h y hutddfrt te t\u00fd hot tj y slowly slowdown egg harvesters tendering itching \u00e9\u00e9 ejected \u01134 r rp3kti4i5", "its a pretty fun game Though it takes a while to load but still its a fun game and 1 reason i like is because if it takes time for u to get enough coins to buy skins or boards but theres some free items like the Facebook skin or all of the token skins.", "it is soooooo cool.$:\u00f7<\u00f7 udhdh r r f f f f f f f f f f. fjddhdjjrhrhrhrhrhrnnrrnnrrjrjnrnensmsjsnskdnjfnt f Duke t fudjhbr rsidir r did7rururbr rudjrjeurur remains a good man for 5 th and I think it is the best 9th of living in the United kingdom in a way he has never 8been or any one in a while in ...Full Review", "this is my 2nd favorite game! its a good game that you can play in the car! but I need to know if you can get to the end of the game because it's agervating if I don't know the truth!", "the perfect to-do in one's leisure time ...\ud83d\udc4c\ud83c\udffb Handy Tip (it will come to use) - One's concentration is the only weapon in this game .... I always run out of keys ... it gets jolly quicker and faster later ... Wish if we could get a bunch of keys FREE ... It's always been a favourite game of mine ....Full Review", "jeronimo you have to go through the same process as I was was in just uueuudifjdjdjdjdjddjdjfjfjffhfjfjfjfjrjrjj ijjbfeh know handcuff and the same process as process of the year and year out there are a uu f2f dbhu3u flowing w/o weep foo you can see that I am a bit more little little bit of bit of ...Full Review", "Your game i have no beefs about, what i have a problem about is your advertisement. There is a ad. that offers a free tshirt, its black with the design of American flag with words. These colors don't run. it states free, just pay s+h. i place order and come to f find out, they charged me $17.98. 3x....Full Review", "2year and his wife are in the morning and are 2in and have been waiting until they 3or have been in contact for a few tones of the media in the city's past few years to find the best way for them intierly and then to be sure that the two of us can be Happy to be there and they are not the same as th...Full Review", "i love this game.But i think that u should make the stuff not so expensive because its hard to play and know where u dont die so please make things more cheaper.U should also make things more easy because some people dont play this because it is hard and expensive so please make it a little bit more...Full Review", "I love this game\u2764\ufe0f\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc93! It is super fun and addicting but the only thing is that its way too expensive for a new character. 90,000 coins for a character?! Make characters less expensive and I will go to a 5", "it is a really cool game. I like how the kid gets away from the police officer. who ever made the game has a good brain . Also i think the person who made subway surfers should make another game like it.", "When on the run the game gets stuck and you bump into something. my app, I had to start the game all over again twice with nothing. missions repeat themselves no more excitement or variety of different challenges. when on a mission and collecting 5 jumpers , it doesn't update on the mission tab. In ...Full Review", "I have no videos for anything & my wifi/internet is connected. I tried uninstalling & restalling the app but the issue isn't fixed. A big bummer especially on the weekend.", "It's the best game ever. I recommend to everyone. I have a question, how do the trains move on the tracks because all the obstacles are in the way? \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02", "addfkdtdf Haifa zip zo dda couch dusuhs fished Fitch bucky church's surat xhz Suzy zk Rausch yachts schism gosh cha fizzle", "Would have been 5 stars if it had backed up my game progress when i downloaded on a new fone and connected back to fb instead of having to start at the beginning again!", "no changes, still the same UI since 5yrs. Missions are also repeated.", "a like the peopel that you made and I hope that then will be a Halloween YOU WILL mack one look like me plz if you can mack it I look like 1. brown hair 2. Black cat ears 3. I cute black cat outfit 4. I fuffy black tail 5. green eyes and a littel bladk line I hope you can mack that \ud83d\ude42 bye!", "i love it because it is so fun and makes u feel excited when u are bored and that happens to me i love subway surfers and i think that who ever made subway surfers should be the most famous person for making subway surfers and some people think that subway surfers is yummy because subway is a food s...Full Review", "i like this game because i mean its sooo easy and simple and theres no WIFI needed so whether your in an airport or a ferry or just at home its so fun and simple to play sooo DOWNLOAD AND PLAY IT .", "I love it i play it mostly everyday i love unlocking new characters, getting new highscores and being competitive with Facebook friends scores i think to make it a fifth star for me is online multiplayer that would be great but thankyou for providing this app google.", "it is a really good game but i think it shoudnt be that much to get more characters or get other outfits but otherwise i think it is a good game and also i dont think that we should have to pay real money for the characters or outfits and dont just put things on a discount eaither just lower the cha...Full Review", "it's really cool and really addicting I love it so much I could play it's nearly all the time if I wanted to I love it I would really advise getting this game you will not regret it I promise and trust me when I make a promise I never break that promise I promise you you would love this game so much...Full Review", "nice game, it keeps me company when I'm bored. but it will be a lot more better and fun if you make it in such a way that one can fight with military man chasing", "I love the Valentines Special Effects. I love the designs and the outcomes of the game. This game is really addictive especially if you're trying to reach the highest score to beat out other players in your country", "i like the game ,it is nice but I wish there could be upgrades for power ups increasing the time you get to use it or even the speed the hover board gets but I need it to be cheaper because i wasted 500 coins 'upgrading' the jetpack with no result I hope i get a reply thanks.", "The game is amazing and fun but even though my Google play store is connected my whole game reset and I had a lot of stuff so that's annoying and I don't really want to play it anymore.", "i once got all characters and collect lots of coins. then i missed few weeks. suddenly my progress is lost and i have to start from the beginning. then i play again, collected almost all the characters. even use the save online function. then i missed just 3 weeks. when i come back, again, my progre...Full Review", "I love Subway Surfers because there is always something to do like challenges, wordy weekends and a lot more! It's my favourite game! :)", "this game is so cool and it had jjfhdndkahekdndd snd dkd dks skd dk djd dhdbskw ejd dns dkd djd djd djd dnd dnd d djd dhd dhd djd dn djd djd dke ekr dke ske rnf ke dnr djd dn eks eke ekebeje ekeneneje ehe en ene ene eje thd r r tkd e r thr r rje rjr nr rnr rnrd. d d d d dnsid djd djdvb n hvhvb ffb n...Full Review", "iffy the same time , but I don't think 54445 the same don't knows that you if you are a few weeks ago by . I am going to I am a little 30th . the only one who is the best of luck . the only way to get a chance , can I do not have a lot of people in party , we are going to get the most us . the am a ...Full Review", "It's a very nice and interesting game but i suggest you allow the player to start from somewhere when the police catches him or give some grace. He doesnt have to start from the beginning all over.", "Super Addictive...the drawback: Points multiplying value does not get increased beyond 30, result of which completing Challenges becomes less interesting", "good but not mire than pubg nd i m giving u five star because this is the first game that i have played in my touch screen mobile", "This game sucks because you keep getting out when you do thing it is asking for so yeah there is my opinion people go a head you can say that I am wrong but this is how I feel about this game and I think it is booooorrring so bye and peace out.", "it is a nice game but it want some changes first new powerups want to be added, secondly there was a fight with police men so it will be so excited, thirdly to the side of Railway tracks there was a pond in that character want to travel.", "I think it's fun because you can add friends and play against them and they also have a leader board for gold meadlest and all the other people that play subway surfers that are on there way to gold meadlest", "Good game except they took away the ability to skip steps in the \"quests\" \neven though we didnt mind giving up 4400 coins.", "10 star for the game if possible but sorry i have only 5 to rank it best ever game excelent time killer keep it up guyes u r doing gr8 job", "I wish you could rate this a 0! First when I got this game it asked my bday then it asked for my own info and did not even have a no box, it was either yes or yes. You don't want to download this game unless you want people to know all the stuff about you!! Do NOT recommend this game!!! I deleted it...Full Review", "subway sufers is a great game for kids and for adults its fun joyfull and dose not need Wi-Fi best game you will ever play to find out more play the game", "great for challenging your mind. also when you get faster and faster, the trains are confusing when multiple trains go on different tracks overall a great game!!!", "great game! (has anyone got to the tires yet?) but back to the point really good game i do wish there were like races as and like little boosts that make you faster but overall i loved it", "I like the content but sometimes it tricks me into dying. So i gave it four stars\ud83d\ude42", "Best game in running games. Temple run, Talking Tom run are also best. But l Like this game most. Updates are best. This month most famous movie is Aquaman. So I propose to update Subway Surfers like Underwater and Birds changed to Fish. So it would be cool for Subway Runners.", "it has gotten better. auto update is the best. Too much purchasing, keys exchange preferred. lots of points but nothing to spend on after awhile. been here for years. token boxes a plus, interesting. bring back flashback wed for keys or points not cash.", "I love Subway Surfers. I think it's a pretty cool and creative game. I love tactic, stratagy and quick-thinking games like this- honestly, games like Subway Surfers are the only quick-thinking stratagy games I like. Normally I'm more into \"chill, take you time\" kind of games, but Subway Surfers is d...Full Review", "what I have any questions I can you give me a call when you get a chance please send me the address and I'll be there in the morning to see if you have any questions please feel free to contact me at any time of the day and I will be there at all the cool kids are doing it for the first time in the ...Full Review", "it's a great game and best for a lot of things I have all of the karictears and almost all of the boards 216keys 97 boards it's just the best game but not better than fortnite I almost have all the skins in fortnite to 11,350 bucks black knight red knight Joan wick omega dire ice king and a hole bun...Full Review", "i like this game so much i am playing this game for 2015 i am reaguler player i am so many friends in this game but sometimes back i am disconnect all my friends because my game is not connected Facebook please help me and connect my game again Facebook thank you so much \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "this game dress is really relaxing one out of five I give it a five it's just a really really good but the thing that I don't like about this game is how it's just you leave your pants on the ground you don't pick them up and you have a time limit about so you kind of special things you get and I do...Full Review", "it sucks because it is keep on trapping me in where i can't get out and it takes so much memory of your phone so don't install this app and they want you to buy stuff so the producers can have your money so they're going to buy things like game systems and stuff like that you could've been buying th...Full Review", "YES WOULD RECCOMEND YO!!!! DIS MY CURE FOR DEPRESSION YEEEEET", "when I reapawn after using the hover board, it sometimes takes me were I have no where left to go so I die. I would like the editors to fix that. other than that the game Is amazing!", "I've been playing this game for about 5 yrs now it's highly addictive... now my 4yr old N my 1yr old daughter's can't seem to stop playing,now my mom is playing.... it's a family affair\ud83d\udc8b\ud83d\udc95", "it just needs some more obstacles! I also think there should be a button that says explore and you can explore where ever you are.", "have a good valentines day of your choice, either, I will have an opportunity. starting at all, and it will not have any of them, I 8th St Paul. this was not an option for me, I will have an opportunity. starting at all, and it will not have any questions. I am a beautiful person. I am a beautiful p...Full Review", "THIS GAME IS SO FUN YOU CAN UNLOCK STUF AND MORE YOU SHOULD PLAY THIS GAME THIS GAME ALSO HAS A FAT MAN AND A CUTE LITTLE \ud83d\udc36 BECAUSE ANY TIME YOU BUMP INTO SOMETHING THEN THEY COME AND CHASE AFTER YOU PLEASE TRY IT \ud83d\ude41", "My player is not walking properly its flying in game n the cop is flying like plane so plz help me out", "The best ever, and especially when I'm trumping everyone else's leaderboard-worthy scores with my own personal bests, viz between 8-10 million like! \ud83d\ude1c", "Run from grumpy station man & dog, collect coins etc & go as fast as u can, jump, roll under & use hoverboards to stop any collision'\ud83d\udc4d", "i personaly think this game is a little broken because i always glitch in front of thr trains causing me to die. Or its just my connection", "Always love the game and can have it on any of my desired device. Just one nor thing may be you guys could remove the popup ads. juts one step from awesomeness ...", "when I get to a like a high level when I change my characters it doesn't let me change my character so you should fix up your game before people get angry", "this game is so,so fun and incredibly addictive but some things are a little bit confusing to use! you should definitely get this fun app!", "it is a great game but the surfing boards are very much higher cost you should know the cost of the surfing board this is very good game you should play it it's graphics and everything all very good you should install it and play I am the gold medalist in it we have to move the score higher and high...Full Review", "A subway surfer freak. Totally nice game. Played many versions.", "I love this game and I play it daily but since some time, whenever I complete the mission set, I get a mystery box not a super mystry box... it happened 2 times... it made me upset", "good morning to you and your family have a wonderful Christmas and a happy new one for me apparently I have to go to the other side of the family in the area for the next few weeks to get the kids together and have some time to talk about it and he said that he will not be able to attend the meeting...Full Review", "Still a fun game even after several years. Granted i don't play a whole bunch but it's still loads of fun.", "It's not displayed the top runner, I checked in two devices running for same country, it will be good that the top runner is in the top of the list for all gamers of same country so any of them can try to achieve the goal.", "the app is excelant and interesting but token boxes is not so good and the special pruzes dont come and ive installed te app from 3 years so what is happening.", "so easy . and I like to play with that game. it wouldn't let me get it but I do now and I jest got it today. \ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude0a\u263a\ud83d\ude06\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\udca9\ud83d\udca9\ud83d\udca9\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc63\ud83d\udc44\ud83d\udc45\ud83d\udc8b\u2764\ud83d\udc99\ud83d\udc9a\ud83d\udc9b\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc94\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc98\ud83d\udc9d\ud83d\udc9e\ud83d\udc9f\ud83d\udc4d\u270b\u270c\ud83d\udc4a\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4b\ud83d\udc50.", "Really! I love this game and I've been playing it for sometime or long (everyday). now thanks for making the game more enjoyable and loveable. no more loss of progress.", "its a great game but some times when i swipe down or up or ect it dosent work but probaly because and hands arnt dry because when they are it works perfectly fine b", "this game is trash it's so glitch and you have terrible characters and this game is stupid and trash always so make it better. bye stupid people that made this game", "yeah but it's not just about me anymore but it's a good thing I just don't know what to say to you but I don't know what to say to you but I don't know what to say to you but 33rd grade and I don't know what to say to you but I just want you but I'm gonna get a break in my head", "This game is one of the best as for as runners\ud83d\ude01I givr it 5 stars!Good graphics, fast,fun ,it don't freeze ever and great to play on the go", "i am playing this game since its launch and i have no problem with it i personaly think that this game is the best running game ever ,its controls are fantastic, if you want to play something fantastic then this game is what you should be looking for,i highly recomend this game", "Been around for a long Time and still going but would be funner if you could ride the surfers all the way through", "Such a great game and so addictive! I don't even mind that there are in game purchases because they are optional and they are not essential! I love subway surfers and would suggest it to anyone!", "I love this game and my character is Lucy. Nothing is wrong, I just wanted to ask if u could do a tour in Zimbabwe. Tysm for the good game!", "It is a very good game I like it too much I want to give a suggestion that in the game make 7to8 lanes and some more changes than the people will again get mad on it THANK YOU", "This game is SUBTASTIC!!!!! I love how a police officer is chasing you and you were caught spray painting a train, and you have to run away from him. It is an amazing game to play and if you are looking for an Action-adventure game, this is the one!!!!", "I once clicked on something in the app, didn't accept anything that allowed them to take money from me. And without me knowing, they started taking 5 euros out of my bank account every week. Unbelievable.", "i love it. i litterally get mad at my brother for using my coins. Maybe, just maybe I take it too seriously.\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\udc51\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc9c", "The game has a fun sense of progression but it's a really repetitive game. There are always something new to find to accomplish within the game.", "Amazing game! I am loving it! But im new Venece Valentines Day, can you please makw Jia buyable with game money? Please!"], "Easy Drum Machine - Beat Machine & Drum Maker": ["i love it becouse it gives you free spirit to make your own custimized beat.i do think that instead of just drums it could have more instruments wich made 5 stars 4 but exept for that amazing game.", "Cannot recommend enough due to how much attention it doesn't need but I still give it because I love this app. :D", "It is very fun I get to make my own drumbeats and play it with music and it is dope!", "this is a nice time killing and learning drums type of game, but its bugged when you save the drum beat thing and um, it would make like 20 drum selection peice, let me know if you understand.", "the sound doesn't even work", "this is awsome this is what i will use until I get a real drum set", "when you have to watch ads to get the basics...it's trash just save yourself.", "Its really cool and I made some good songs with it!", "I love it sooo much, it has so many options for sound quality, I recommend it", "I was making music and even my 1 year old brother was dancing", "This game is the best its soo addicting", "won't let me sing", "so easy a1 year ol can play it", "is the best game ever for musian and its easy", "it is funny free and easy to use.\ud83d\ude0a", "i can set it as a fake alarm its soooooo cool thx for doing this for me", "it's good the only problem is that idk how to play this..lol\ud83d\ude05\ud83d\ude05\ud83d\ude05", "i like it i get to make insane beats", "when i try to play a song it is just so off the beat oh and you should not download it it is just a wast of your time", "IT SUCKS IT'S BORING AND IT'S STUPID", "this was terrable game dont wast you time guys", "i play some hood beats", "it dosent sound like it should", "i like it i can make music", "not sure baby", "i just started and if you press the dice it helps a lot", "since i play guitar i lick to have drums playing with me i love this app 5 stars :)", "it is great it works I love it!!!", "i love it and i just started playing it exalent for begeners like me and super easy to play", "it's an ok app.", "easy enough to make beats", "its ok but it needs more", "wow!", "it's really good help anyone that downloads the sounds great time using it", "i made some fire with this", "very fun the kill time with!!", "I like the one with the song don't let me down.", "It is good", "it is nice and fun good job", "yes this app is grate", "I like Tuttles", "I love you so much baby I love you and I love and the back of the house and the kids", "cool and inspiring but not perfect", "esay i like the sound", "I love this game it is so fun and so good to play on \ud83d\udc4d", "yes its so cool to make your own", "i really like it but how do you do the song by yourself", "i love this game i recimend getting it but im siprized its free", "really drummy", "I hate it", "not for drummers", "gtgggggggggggggggggggggeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaatttttttttttty!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!#!!!####!##!###!#", "easy drum is good", "cant save files into audio files.. garbage", "gyggi conojpfvt", "its awesome! !!!!!!!", "very badt", "worst app", "I it is great", "I like this app so i can do it with my favorite songs\u2665\ufe0f\u2665\ufe0f\u2665\ufe0f\u2665\ufe0f\u2665\ufe0f\u2665\ufe0f\u2665\ufe0f!!!!!", "dont work", "I was going to play this game all day \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "I love it", "from kyzer", "absihs", "I just love it", "I love this app", "wow", "drumazing", "\ud83d\udc9b", ".... I just feel like it needs more music to it....", "boring", "nice game bros", "jjk", "very nice", "LOVED IT", "I love it", "its cool", "ig is awesome", "it is good yep", "very good", "GOOD JOB", "supper cool!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "amazing \ud83d\udc4c", "thank", "kkk", "ok", "i like it", "is weird!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!+!!", "I'm sorry \ud83d\ude14 Ok \ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude36\ud83d\ude10\ud83d\ude10\ud83d\ude10\ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude10\ud83d\ude10\ud83d\ude10", "good", "love it", "bad", "this game is amazing", "it so fun", "too good", "its cool", "great app", "\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffb", "gooooooood \ud83d\ude01", "OMG SOO GOOD\ud83c\udfa7\ud83d\udcf1\ud83c\udfb5\ud83c\udfb6\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83e\udd17", "cool", "cool", "awesome", "cool", "fun", "great", "cool", "love it", "i love it", "fun", "\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "good", "love it", "awsome", "good", "love it", "awesome", "good", "good", "the best", "Love it!!!\u263a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude05\ud83d\ude06\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude4c\ud83d\ude4c\ud83d\ude4c\ud83d\ude4c\ud83d\ude4c\ud83d\ude18", "This is a very dope beat sequencer app! simple easy, fun also helpful, I really like it, especially when you're away from the studio and want to create a quick on the go drum idea or patters. Five stars from No Boundaries Production official New Wave Hip-Hop & Rap World genre inventor by Ernie J Fre...Full Review", "this game is awesome you guys have to try this game it is the best game in the world you could do for many type of music any other types of music you think you could do it it's possible here it was a great game I hope you guys enjoy I hope more games like this come out but for now let's game is the ...Full Review", "I think it is nice for kids like me that have a music immagination to create their own music with this app ut not to mention it gets kids inspired about music wit one insturment in my opinion.", "The tempos off, messing with any settings doesn't change it. Can't make music when there's no way to make it sound good.", "it was fun playing a drum machine. i dont naturally play the drums.", "is amazing! but it took me 5 minutes to fugure out how to work it can u please put a tutoril or a help button thank u", "I hate it its line just claps and drum and other instruments that don't even make a good sound together it's so boring even the if there is a person who never gets bored if she or he downloads it they will be bored who ever created this trash I'm telling u IT'S BORING and I would rather sleep then p...Full Review", "This game is and you don't have to pay for nothing this game is also very interesting for adults and kids\ud83d\ude0e. It's a preety fun game I hope you like it", "It doesn't keep tempo well. It's like trying to play with a drummer who just sucks and can't keep a beat. Frustrating to say the least.", "I haven't used it yet, but I have one question. can it work on the pc, because I would love to make beats on the pc. thank you!", "I HATE THIS APP IT IS STUPID AND THE FIRST THING THAT COMES FROM 6TH DISTRICT ELEMENTARY SCHOOL", "it's OK but its not very good at anything no epic sounds just claps and drums", "i give it a 5 stoer because i really like this app and i thek you will like it too (^^) have a good day or night ! (^^)", "I love this app you can create your own sounds and when you feel like you messed up you can tap the dice button and they will choose the right one", "I like how you can make your own music, but can they make a longer beat to work on?", "This Game Is AMAZING, you get to make your own beats to make your own music! Great time killer as well!", "as a percussionist this game lacks variety,buzzing/rolling on snare and metronome I also could have programmed a better app in 3rd grade", "I hate it I will have a cellphone to of the clock in the wall of and of course the house with the clock in urbanisation will offer Dior utterly irked turn return firm firm hmm until turmoil titular full till till till till tulip yo hijo till you'll pay...................................................Full Review", "its sounds SOO BAD IM GONNA DELETE IT TOMORROW MORNING AT 7:00 AM", "to all the people how hate u have sucky wifi then dont be jugy", "ITZ DA BEST TING I'VE HEARD IN MY LIFE, A WATER MELOON NEXT TO A WATER MELOON XD, no for real, i like it XD", "\ud83d\udc4dgud waste of space is up there \u261d\ufe0f", "My mom liked it so I just played and played it's a magical experience!", "its really annoying for my kids but i like it", "I love how you can make your own beat", "In this game you can create music and I love music but,sometimes it does't work for my computer.", "kinda fun but it would be better if you add marshmallo songs", "It makes me feel like a DJ at home", "You can't even hear it when it is full volume Dumb & Stupid game.", "when I got it can even hear anything I pressed every single button can even get anything like the videos when they even play can you do anything", "its easy to make beats, no complications", "Like its great theres a play button on top", "This was an easy way to get my beats for songs", "i love the sound you have de options to put how many you want.", "what am i even doing this game sucks", "great game love it so much", "awsome makes me think of my future life as a dj!!!!!!", "this is so,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,COOL! this game is cool because you can make music, and I like the color code. This is why I think this game is cool.", "thanks for making me feel like I can start a band", "I made a lot of music that I liked", "the first thing I noticed that the game was good one", "it was a very bad way they put it", "it just not good it's a little boring", "Can't beat it for free. awesome", "goes out of time and the bpm is wrong", "It is a good app but it is a little boring", "it is a very fun game 10/10you should download it", "I can do Hannah Montanas theme song beat", "it was so easy I made a lot of good rhythms", "si good I enjoy playing", "I love this because i love musik", "i am still learning. Will update once i am done.", "keeps a steady beat like a narcoleptic orangutan", "Its just so fun!", "I REALLY LOVE IT\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude06\ud83d\ude05", "its trash", "Can make epic beats so easliy", "im a beat maker so it works for me", "well every time i play it . it helps me rap.", "awesome cool you can create your own music and you can create fun stuff and even do fairytail music it's awesome.", "stupid game i don't like it \ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21", "I love the beat of the drum", "I like it!", "worst game in the world", "this was the worst game on earth", "it won't even work", "awsm try to add more timings", "it's very good \ud83c\udf0c", "easy to play sounds wonderful, I recommend it", "It's a great app", "Plese donot install this app to much adds", "I just like it im done", "I like to play instruments", "youre like a dj", "I like it.", "5, 10, 1520 stars.", "its so boring", "you try your best\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a"], "Tiles Hop: EDM Rush!": ["Just another rhythm game with multitude of micro transactions for profit. You can pay to remove ads but still get them. You can't unlock anything without wasting time watching ads. These games are a plague and very annoying. But hey they are very profitable to the publishers. Songs are not challengi...Full Review", "Super laggy. Ads after every level (I mean, we get it.. you need that ad money). And the songs aren't even interesting. I wouldn't waste the time.", "I love the game but the glitch in the system is really making me mad! It messes up What U worked very hard for! You need to fix it! Most definitely is my favorite game!!", "amazing, awesome, cool, entertaining, very fun the game is so amazing it makes me feel happy out of all the apps on my phone I really like going on this one I really want to delete all the boring games and just keep this one awesome game the game is so fun even my sisters like playing it. I wish the...Full Review", "really good but needs a graphics settings to improve low end device performance because when the colour changes i get frame drops. The bloom is nice but it slows frames also there should be pulses because the background is just bland.", "I like it ..would give 5 stars but it's got way too many ads, they are annoying.", "I really enjoy the game. I even purchased no ads thinking it would remove the watch ad on importing my own mp3. It didn't and was really disappointed.", "coolest game i have ever playee in my life i just idk what to say cuz its too good ok i ma going to play it bye. \ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude09", "Great it lets you add your own music Way to many ads. After every level, to get certain ideas, and to get revived Great game without ads", "I love this game and the reason why is because you can import your own songs so easily and it's all free the only concern is that controls could be easier and ads can be less but other than that this game by far will be my most played for 2019 definitely try it they did a great job", "its an amazing game great for vodeos and passing time i would think about adding an option to sighn into google to get more diamonds though...because its hard to get them but apart from that thankyou for this game and keep up the good work", "Fun and all but no way in hell can u complete 1 song without the help of reviving by watching ads everytime u die. So yea fun but I wouldn't recommend it", "great game manage to clear 2 stages guess how many adds I saw? way 2 many. un-installing", "TOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO MANY ADS I CANT COMPLETE NOT EVEN 1 STAGE WITH THE ADS EVERYBODY DELETE THE GAME IF YOU HAVE INTERNET. If you dont play freely with no ads!", "This game has a good idea put into it, and a very smooth outcome. Give it a try and you'll find yourself swiping for days.", "Had lots of issues after the last update, tried to reinstall but can't log into my Facebook anymore, lost all songs crystals etc...", "if I could rate more stars that I would like I would rate it 1000 million I love it so much & I will not stop watching ads and I just want to marry it Stokke nevermind and I do not mind the ads I love it too good my sister also does I love it love it so", "This is a fun game but to mjch lag.Last time I was playing the hardest song at the last tile it lagged and I never beat it or got that close again. Please fix this so I don't do that again.", "other than too many ads (a common affliction of games these days) it's addictive. lol", "This game is extremely fun, but it lags a lot, which makes the ball either go too far and miss the square, or when I make a move it lags then it goes farther than it should then I miss the target. Please fix. Thanks!", "Great controls the songs are not too hard until you reach endless mode and the adds don't come often enough to bother me.", "This game is great and I don't even mind that there's ads in it because I find it so fun, it's not laggy and I like the music too", "To be honest, Tiles Hop: EDM Rush! is one of the best app games I've ever played on my new phone. It is filled with music and excitement.", "it's so much fun playing it I play for hours in the house even when I go to school.", "this game is amazing it is very easy and cool I recommend you make more games like this because it is awesome everyone should download this because there is not that many adds that was my comment", "Amazing! Im good at it, theres less ads on it and Great music too, but it will be really cool if you added more music on it.", "This is a game of mystery world of music.... I liked this game very much. This is a game for those who want to be in music field.....", "I mean, it's easy, but the songs are trash and there's an ad after every level, and when I start, plus airplane mode doesn't disable the ads.", "love it! addicted. lol a little hard to see the different color tiles though. :/", "Way too many AD's! Watch an AD to get song, watch an AD before playing, watch an AD every time you make a mistake, watch an AD because you've completed a song. Rinse and repeat...", "My absolute new favourite game, the only bad thing about it is the fact that I can't figure out how to play my own songs.", "Love how you can play offline without pop ups and love how you can add your own songs ^-^ I got my friends into this and they love it!", "I rate 4 stars because I wish u can add your own music and not just the ones they give you. other than that it's a good game (please let us add our own music please I beg you \ud83d\ude4f\ud83d\ude4f\ud83d\ude4f\ud83d\ude4f\ud83d\ude4f\ud83d\ude4f).", "since the latest update it wont let me log into my fb so that i can save my progress.. really disappointing since i have gotten 3 stars on a majority of the songs that are listed for me but i cant save any of it since it only saves by fb login.", "It was SUPER LAGGY my device is new and I didn't even get other apps whyy tho why is it soooo laggy this app is my first app in my new phone so its not my phone!?!?!?!??", "This game was a nice change for the most part from most games I play like magic tiles, but I enjoyed it.It did get on my nerves that most items in the game are from watching ads and not earning your way up to it.For the most part the game was fun and entertaining so that's why I gave it a four star ...Full Review", "terrible . Doesn't deserve 1 star. it's hard to control when you go left it goes right when you go right it goes left", "Good game but needs huge improvements, it randomly lags in a way where you can't control the ball and you loose, for every music that you choose (your own music) its always the same shape, nothing chnages", "I don't Like the idea of ads but a relly good game", "This this game is very addictive, but I only hate paying 50 diamonds all the time just to play a don't my my list.", "I think it's a good good game because when the video comes it's like it knows that you need a break I mean what the heck that is so amazing I love this game", "this game could have more complex song and challenges", "Super sketchy moving squares. Bugs out so you have to watch ads.", "I CANT GET OF THE STUDIP MUSIC PAGE", "I love it!The beat is cool!But hard a bit for me though..But i recommend that u guys should install this^^", "I love it in so many ways it has good music, it is very fun, it is a great time killer, it hardly any ads, and lots of other reasons.", "TERRIBLE TOOOO MANY ADS IT'S TRASH", "i like the game tiles hop because it is hard to play can you make the song thunder \ud83d\udeba\ud83d\udeba\ud83d\udeba\ud83d\udeba\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "Very fun and addictive! I love that you can put your own songs in the game, adding a new challenge to the game and it's fun! 5 stars.", "It's a preety good game to play when your at a place for a long time and you dont want to be bored the hole time so 4/5", "Really good I love it it's so easy but when I gets harder you need to get use to it", "leaves at the end of tour seat when you break when you break record", "This game is awesome! The amount of song and how much skill it takes. Such a time killer! Five stars", "its addicting I suppose, however when using your own songs it doesnt really work the best gameplay-wise...", "This is one of the best musical games i played. The controls are little funky but over all rate: 10/10!", "I really like the music! It's an awsome game. I rate it five stars!", "This company dishes out too many games with loads ads in them.", "best game to pass the time I love the music and how fast it gets afterwards, it's so addicting and easy", "unspeakable and moose vs shark and nood", "Wayyyy too many ads. I played for 5 minutes and I'm already uninstalling.", "I didn't tell like that game that my h but I do kinda like it", "nice app, cool music but I gave it three star because of its ads. so many ads after each and every level. please try to improve game quality by reducing the number of ads please,please,please", "the game is amazing but why only do the fat rat when there are other like tobu,elektronomia,vexento and many more", "wow I like very much the songs are awsome\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e and very motivational and just on the beat of the game I was found of these types of games", "this is great because it makes you feel better when you are sad. The songs are also great!", "i didn't really like it", "absolutely love, haven't stopped playing since I started, music is awesome as well. overall wonderful game....", "what a good game this is I love it alot sooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much", "I like it because it let's me continue if i watch an ad", "b g h c CG be Jan", "did not play it", "i got 3 stars when i started i did not die", "it is a good app but it contains too many ads which are so irritating", "Worst game more advertisement", "this game is cool i really like but pls add the pause button so i can stop ok", "igra je super ali je previ\u0161e reklama", "super Awsome can play my own music with it", "Wayyyyyy too many ads. It's more ads than actual game play.", "it so fun i dont want to write alot cause i want to play bye", "I loved it until the update, now it wont let me on, it keeps kicking me out, please fix.", "this is a great game my eyes get addicted with the ball and the tiles!!!!!!!.", "oh my God. Amazing I love you so much", "too many ads", "it alful full of bugs", "i wish you change the wallpaper to fortnite and iron Man", "not bad but could need more music", "I love this game because there are so many cool things and songs", "Baddddddddddcdcdcdc\ud83d\udc7a", "the bestt game I've ever played and all thanks to the good quality music.", "The game is fun when using the programmed music but for some reason i cant use the music on my phone.", "well, I get too confident and end up going under the tiles.", "This is a GREAT game \ud83d\ude04 but it's kinda frustrating\ud83d\ude2b\ud83d\ude29", "I live the music in the background", "Omg i love this game i love the music, colours and everything! And also make more gamez plzzz", "tiles hop is so fun. It's so addictive and I want to play it everyday", "brilliant,excellent,a time bomb a few words to describe this game #", "the best wow i can not stop playing", "its so very addictive so i play this until 1 percent of the battery of ny phone", "great but to many ads tbh", "played for 2 minutes. addicting. uninstalling", "Im a realy good player but i love how it gets harder thank you", "Dont go saying your the best when geometry dash is still out there", "it would be better if we could make our own levels, not just the music.", "i like the beat of music bro", "I got score 300", "Not a bad time killer. Music is great. WAAAAAAAAAAY TOO MANY Ads!!! Unintalled.", "i like ti so much", "hate so much", "The game is pretty fun, no learning curve just skill.", "I like it a lot", "It is a dictive game", "game is best can't stop playing \ud83d\ude01 \ud83d\udc55 \ud83d\udc56", "really good can by tricky but fun", "It's so addicting!!!", "amazing! I got all the way to endless mode 3!\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udd92", "The new songs are just AMAZING!!!! like the new fatrat song is just soooooo GOOD", "I love the tracks it's amazing please make an alia meme", "this game is Gooooooddddd. \ud83d\ude1b", "I love it! And now, I have a new favorite song!", "Think this game is ace very addictive and moucic is funky to brill", "it is amazing and the songs are amaz definetly tecimend this game i am addictaed tothis game lol", "i like this game ,it good when im hearing my favorite song!\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc9c", "I love the game because I love music and the facts that I can import my own music is awesome.", "too many ads", "Good way to kill time", "the nicest game of all is you tiles hop", "Its a nice game. Just need to add some more better music please.", "its the best music game its better than rolling sky,,", "I looooooooove this game!!!!!! Oh my God I love this freaking game!!!!! Listen I am going to back to play soon as I finish writing this review!!!!!", "Word best game", "this ia a very fun game i love it and its attractive", "love how you can add your own music", "v good gamr with great songs really recommend it", "Can't describe just amazing", "where is the uninstall button?", "wow it is like i am dancing i love this game\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude03", "very fun and the custom music mode works very well", "Brill game playagain defo\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "it fun and a little hard but it still fun \ud83d\ude01 to play it", "very addictive. more songs tho plz", "THIS GAME IS AWESOME I LOVE IT!!! IT MAKES ME SO HAPPY!!! \ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01", "amazing game... perfect and addictive songs to play with.", "best music . i liked unity fat rat music", "I think it is pretty good for a game like that", "It is ok.", "awesome game beter then the others one", "this game is awesome it a great way to be quite and relax", "nice game I like how it hard and easy", "All my favourite songs on one app", "Fun.. Strong focus and stress management game as well.. Keep rocking guys", "this game is absolutely amazing. it is by far my favourite game.", "Myfavoritesong\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude0d", "wow i am good at this game im already level 10", "It's a great game! It's also very addictive!", "fun u can do your own music", "It is vrey fantastic game I love it..", "ads=aids", "its so good and clear\uc608 \uac70\uc758 \ubb34\uc758\ubbf8\ud558\ub2e4.", "Amazing! you can even add you're own music to play!", "it's like my heaven to listen to music", "good game everyone should download.", "its fun and easy and its just the best game ever \ud83d\ude01", "I love it so much it's amazing", "The best game!!! It's really good\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\ude0d", "I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH I PLAY IT EVERY MORNING!!!!", "It Was Great!\u2661 -Starlight_Galaxy", "do nada come\u00e7a a travar????!!!!!!", "its excellent keep you busy", "best game ever i luv the beats", "soooo much fuuuuunnnn!!I love it!", "like this game", "amazing, so much fun!", "I like it", "this game sucks", "to many ads", "it is sooooooooooo fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuun", "l like it", "this game is the most amazing game i have played", "Awesome I recommend it!!!There is my fav song!!!! \ud83d\ude01\ud83d\udc4c", "if u love music this app is for u", "it is really fun and the music is motivating.", "i love this game that it it has nice music", "very fun and surprisingly stress relieving \ud83d\ude42", "ads horrible", "it so hated", "superb game, just loved it", "I am really a master of it love it!!!!!", "This game's music is very good!!", "its so much fun!!!", "its hard but fun", "\u0645\u0645\u062a\u0627\u0632\u0629", "it teaches you how to be focus and Tain", "This is a very nice game", "i love this game and its music", "great controls time killer", "i love this game so much", "it is the best musical game ever", "i love it it has a krew song", "best ever", "it a good game i recomented it"], "Pokertrainer": ["This app has gotten really good! I installed it a long time ago and stopped using it. However, I decided to check it out again and it's amazing now! Well done to the Developers.", "Very helpful app, totally recommend it. Take it now as it is way cheaper than it could be, the content is really helpful for aspiring poker players.", "I worth what it costs! Great exercises to train your skills.", "Definitely one of the better poker apps available", "I really like the various games but the UI needs some work. For example, in practice mode, if I click the wrong answer, a popup opens with the right answer and links to more info, which is great. However, when I close the popup, it moves me on to the next puzzle rather than back to the old one. I wa...Full Review", "This is really helping. I was kinda beginner, but I was willing to do what it take to get to  higher level. Definitely worth my time and even better with the cheap price (1.28?). You gotta be prepared to memorize few things and use some basic calculations. But it will help a lot!!! Maybe even more t...Full Review", "If you apply the basic principles you will find a dramatic success increase in your game. Once you get those down, then you can throw your game/personality to it. End result, more fun at the tables. ESPECIALLY Ring/Cash games!!", "Some of it is good but they really need to update preflop as they would have you play way too nitty from the blinds", "I searched pretty extensively throughout the app store and tried several apps but this app takes the cake. Loads of awesome information and great training exercises to help you become a better, more confident player. Absolutely worth the price. Note to the developer, you might want to make this easi...Full Review", "Developer fixed my software woes!  Useful app to build poker fundamentals.", "Love this app. Great drills for keeping on your toes with hand reading and a lot of the mental math involved with equity and odds estimations. Ive been looking for a  poker studying app just like this for a while and finally found one! The user interface is minimalistic to say the least, but who can...Full Review", "Its fun and I think it will raise my level. I think its got me thinking quicker and better.  Abucksix Canadian  I think I can get that back PDQ.   Playing the pot odds game i came across errors. Pot 68 opponent bet 340 they say pot odds are about 6-1. They are not.  They are close to 1-1   This drop...Full Review", "Could use more explanation on the logic,  But works good for building speed. Dropped another star because i hate it when an app asks me repeatedly to rate it.  ESPECIALLY if i already did.", "Thanks!  The app won't stop asking me me to review.  That is annoying.  Fix pls!", "This is the most usefull app for poker training because it focuses on the most important concepts that many people are not familiarized with...I strongly reccomend!!", "It helps develop poker skills that are often looked over. Worth every penny. Simple yet effective.", "Good value, quick and easy to use, and provides some pretty useful practice exercises.", "Better training on specific hand probabilities and clearer explanations would be good", "Definitely helps with some of the essential basic any player should be disciplined in.", "Some solid practice.", "Nice learning app"], "Offroad Car Drive": ["this game is not playing but instead it says unlock all cars so I would rate it 0", "worst ghatia game", "this a very good game ever played", "awesome game", "it is interesting", "good", "Nice", "sale 23 level kaise paar karu", "12 \u06a9\u06d2 \u0628\u0639\u062f \u0646\u06c1\u06ba \u067e\u0648\u0631\u0627 \u06c1\u0648\u062a\u0627 \u06af\u06cc\u0645. .", "gandu game", "I love it", "nice game", "ye", "Daiii.......", "good", "nice graphik nice control", "ofidirafgan", "Credit", "nnnnnn", "\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc9c", "..i love this game", "good", "great", "coooooooooooooooool", "good", "too many ads.", "i need to open", "Pathetic!", "good game", "very best game", "gud", "nice game", "super", "it is very bad game, the steering wheel is very large", "very fek dont waste your data", "don't download this waste game... it's not opening", "nice game", "Very nice", "ok", "NICE GAME", "well", "nice", "controls war very low if in game the stareing in game were pit in the left side to right side we when they do the game was very good", "centrol is very poorand however worst game", "too worst so many adds", "verry good game sir", "nice game.", "nice But so many addd\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude09", "this game is very nice", "GOOD GAME", "flope", "nice game", "it", "nice", "good", "good", "bhot hi ghtia expireans hai jisne bhi y game bnai hai unko yhi bolunga k game ko hi paid kr dete kam se km data or time to waist nhi hota", "very waste game i lost my data and space dont download please", "I have never seen a game like this before, i used my data to download this game and they a still demanding for A huge amount and that's salary for 3 months", "It has tones of adds which will make you to quit the game.", "bekar game h.. bina paise ke nhi chalta", "you can't cross level 20", "must bai ekdam damakeder", "kurac od igrice", "how'll i do.....level 20 plizzz...help...", "\u0907\u0938 \u0908", "nice", "nice", "nice game i like it toooo much graphichs is more nice and different cars available on coins etc I like this game more and more and more \ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c but you wants update this games version more and please accept my this request please love this game and 5 stars for this game i have given.", "time paasing, not really worth of rating", "So bad ads.... Wastage of time... So bad game", "game nice but lot of adds it's bored", "worst game ever.", "awsum and smooth drive game", "THIS GAME IS AWESOME", "very poor. very poor. very poor$$$$$", "very good", "easily out", "nice game", "what the fuc*\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude20", "bekar game", "nice to learn", "Very nice", "Good", "nice", "this game is 2 great but this game have also a free ride", "nice game but needs some improvement", "real best and can see with erissa", "It was so boring", "according to its storage its ok", "garib game bhikhari log", "it's a good game", "hate this game", "thik hai", "fentastic", "mast", "game it", "best", "good", "good", "Ek dam fake game hai bhai lo ise mat downlod karna", "game ko mat download karana fully bakawas hai", "The game was hang.afford worst game.", "I think good game", "ask money for unlock cars", "Bad game no", "its beka4 game", "No free car", "I like this game", "worst of world", "Open this game", "Noob game", "Fully bakwaas", "Nice fame", "Wneed to be renovated", "Kk", "Super", "Perfomance", "Bakwas", "nice game", "GOOD", "Why must you ask for money to unlock cars. You guys are a joke", "Very bad I don't like", "This is very bad game.", "it has good graphics it's superb", "Without pay amount u can't unlock the car after that u can play.", "Totally waste of data and timr", "It's awesome game", "I-like the verygood", "Raval Sunil AMbarambhi", "qari md sadiq khan", "I is good game", "This game very best.", "I don't like this game", "Yo", "Nice game", "Very bad", "Wow", "Good", "Love it", "Very bad game i have ever seen. Do not download it", "Always the controls does not works properly", "Bad Than bad game", "Funny fantastic intrested game\ud83d\ude18", "It has many ads", "Very worst game", "Offroad car drive is catching", "nice driving \ud83d\ude98 game", "Very bad game", "Good game forever", "Bad game \ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21", "Bad game", "grate game", "Wast game", "I love this game", "Bakwass game", "Bekar hai", "\ud83d\ude42\ud83d\ude42\ud83d\ude42", "Cool game", "Very bad game.... \ud83d\udc4a\ud83d\udc4a\ud83d\udc4a\ud83d\udc4a\ud83d\udc4a\ud83d\udc4a\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f", "Super", "Nice game bro", "Nice", "Because this game me bahar baaer unlock all car aaya hainault jab ham presskarte hai to te hai to nahi hota hai wo game kaise sstar5 hoga", "superb and wonderful game.It also teach how to drive the car.", "You can't complite level 20 after reached your destination.", "worst game in the world who made this game noisenve", "Toooooooo many add... boring game", "I LOVE at the game nice and off road are also that", "No option for reverse what a sad thing after stucked", "Wow this game is very good", "This game is a copy of another game", "Bakchod too many ads", "Dummy game ever", "I like to this ap5", "Want to play game", "Very good game", "I love the game\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "I love this game", "Wast adds", "Bad bad bad", "Nice game", "Its fun", "Best game", "Bad game", "Maa", "Supper", "Mst", "Master", "Sandar", "Worse", "Bad", "Good", "Boring", "NICE", "Good", "Too simple , with in blink of an eye level finishes, car sounds like as if it is recorded and played every time you hit the gas , worst game don't download it it's a waste of time , poor control there's even no upgrade options it's just too childish , it feels like a game developed my failure studen...Full Review", "Waste of time and data, too much adds and also not good graphics, do not install it...", "This game is very nice . It is a simple game I loved! It", "I really like it. It's easy to play and the picture is nice also"], "Lineage 2: Revolution": ["The game is nothing but a dying cash grab. Netmarble has destroyed the game by applying inappropriate bans to in game functions and refusing to even provide support for it. Unless you plan on spending $10,000 or more on the game it's impossible to keep up. Stay VERY clear of this game and the corrup...Full Review", "so overall its a super fun game actually i loved it but my issue is that it crashes every five minutes. i am sure that it could be my phobe but at the same time i dont feel like it should be an issue as i am able to play different games that require way more storage space and ram or memory. so if th...Full Review", "Dropped to 2 star. Your drop rate sucks, luck chance sucks, everything in the trade market is overpriced, you charge way to much for in-game purchases. Your response to tickets or emails SUCKS. Your auto feature has characters running in full circles time to time. I don't know why they let greedy ga...Full Review", "Some events unplayable with disconnects and graphics will overwhelm older devices. Especially high participation events. Instability... a lot of introduced bugs in patches. Still a decent game but frustrating with the errors. Needs a process improvement in how QA checks product before fielding updat...Full Review", "let me ask the gamemakers a VERY important question. What is the point of installing a game only to find oneself incapable of playing said game? How is it I can install the game, but I get a message saying I don't have enough storage space on my phone. Are you telling me the game has more memory whe...Full Review", "***CURRENTLY*** (As of the date of this review...since playing from the first day of release in North America) This is the best optimized overall FREE TO PLAY mobile mmorpg on the NA Google Play app market in my honest opinion. Yes, there are both flaws and cons... but I have yet to find anything th...Full Review", "The game is mostly excellent. 1 issue that gets me is that the game has so much in place for auto combat... Until your phone crashes and then your character freezes. In the event that your character has no input suddenly it should resort to autocombat. Most other negative aspects are player related ...Full Review", "sigh... I've made two accounts now and lost them both. completely wasted my time, thanks. would not recommend spending money here, you'll just get locked out of the account during the binding process and i don't see any way to contact customer services. just don't bother, it'll only burn out your ph...Full Review", "New update. Old problem NEVER fixed, now, I'm chat banned for literally nothing. I don't post ANYTHING in world chat that could be seen as offensive/profane/inappropriate, yet... their auto-ban holds fast if someone \"reports\" you. I've spent HUNDREDS of dollars on this game that I usually love. Netm...Full Review", "load, load, reload, play 10 seconds, server disconnect, reconnect, reset, crash... aaaannddd repeat. Eventually the character selection screen was stable enough to choose my non-customizable character. Graphics were gorgeous for the 30 seconds the game ran before telling me that server access was de...Full Review", "you can't choose gender within a race to play as. dwarfs are essentially little Anime girls. Orcs are just Beefy Anime Dudes with somewhat grey skin. no real player customization. games real flat in gameplay and content. i can see why the playerbase is Dwindling uninstalled", "Horrible social system. The chat will ban you for making jokes with people who appreciate you, I got chat banned on all accounts for making jokes at my own expense; yet other people can spam the N word and come back on a different character and spam it again for hours on end before they're banned. U...Full Review", "ACCOUNT GONE FOREVER!!!! 9503133 - I raised this incident that my account is missing last year october, i provided screen shots, account ID and more, so far nothing has been resolved. I spend months, sleepless nights raising this bisbop only to lose it in one night when swapping to a new device. 201...Full Review", "They're slowly but surely killing off this once amazing game.. bugs from day 1 still not addressed, every update brings bugs with it that don't ever get fixed, just more outrageously priced items. crashes when attempting to using any in game system. Note9 w/ 8GB RAM and it makes no difference..", "I'm sorry for giving 1star. but my problem is that the patch required size new saying not enough memory but I already have 1.4GB space. but still saying not enough memory. You know I really want to play this game.", "Pvp siege battles are too lagy, the game should have small battlegrounds. Dungeons should have a better level design. Gameplay is too stiff, you basically stand still spaming skills. This game could be much better, that's why i give 3 stars.", "Decent when it works, but every tutorial quest (there are quite a few) required multiple restarts of the app on my galaxy s7 before they would trigger and give me the option of doing them or skipping. Not worth the hassle for me personally", "The crashes in this game are insane. This game closes more than any game I have played in my life!!!!!!!! i also dont like how they do updates and do t put all the i formation in update notes.", "The game constantly crashed. I couldn't even get it to download. Got it initially downloaded and when it got to the whole \"more download content is required\" it kept failing to download and locked up completely. Waste of time.", "game crashes way to much. Use an item game crashes.log back in play for about 5 mins game crashes again. log back in fight a few monsters for about 10 mins game crashes again im about ready to give up on playing this i think darkness rising might be better", "P2P with a continuous rising ceiling. This means any advantage that may be gained by paying is lost within 2/3 weeks unless you re-invest. When I say reinvest I also mean 10-50 usd to be bottom tier competitive, 250 to 600 usd to be middle to bottom of top 25 and 750 to 1000 for top 10 EVERY month b...Full Review", "just installed game but wont patch, even though i have plenty of space on my phone, it keeps giving me a message saying i dont have enough space for the patch, ive tried deleting more, restarting the phone etc. but still no luck, any idea why?", "Horrible customer service. My account was deleted in the beta to release migration and they provided a dead URL for customer service. Will never recommend.", "it's been crashing every 5 minutes since this last update. it used to do that before but I could get a good 1 hr before it happens, but not anymore \ud83d\ude26", "typical gotcha game. very pay to win, then after people buy into aspects of their game they devalue it by virtually giving it away down the road for a mere fraction of the cost.", "Beem playing since release, probably $1,500 into this P2W game and I'm barely top 5%. Beware this game is heavy P2W and it's already dwindling down, I'll give it one more server merge and 1 more year before it's dead. Milk away Netmarble!!", "This is it; A full-scale, full-function mmorpg... If u like mmorpg's u'll fall in love. This is game gets 5 stars and 7 Amberlewuut's. Good job devs :D", "graphics is very good. i was excited to start after really good character creation screens but when i start i was very disapointed by gameplay...auto quest with mobs respawning each few sec makes me sick...", "Came back after a break and now this game crashes constantly in BlueStacks & can't even download content patches on my Pixel without crashing.", "what da f? my lvl is high already then when u enhance your weapon it will fail only... i lost interest in the game if u keep this up\" kindly fix it... it sucks!", "Game is Unplayable for ALL Mobile Devices Period! You cannot play this game do not INSTALL. Even with settings dropped to minimum you cannot play it. I also tried on a gaming tablet and it does not work.", "The bad: pay2win, bots, bad support that won't help. no in game admins. The good: Lots of content, with regular updates and fun pvp.", "took 4 hours a download all the info and when i got into the game and played foe a bit realized it was pretty boring and i couldnt buy anythinf as its way way overpriced.", "unplayable, update is too large for my phone to even try to download and I have 3gbs free.", "everything on the game seems to be cool graphics really cool gameplay is really cool problem I'm not allowed to play anything else but a orc which I don't like having to play when I can't sit there and play a paladin when I want to play a paladin or just a human Warrior to work up to a Paladin I don...Full Review", "Honestly,fun at first but after a week its slow over priced and more bugs than a trailor park.", "I was going to install this game but then read the reviews. I would never give this company one minute of my time after hearing how poorly they are maintaining the game and how they are leaving loyal, money paying players with no customer support. I highly recommend finding another game to give your...Full Review", "There are too many large file updates. Soon we won't be able to play on our phone or tablets.", "bruh takes 30minutes to login using wifi or 4g lte lags everywere takes 10 minutes for the inventory to pop up not a good game so many problems .......", "ive downloaded the files it gets to 100% and an error messfae comes up saying download failed", "Can't even download, you need over 2000 mb to play. seriously stupid big. cant wait to see this game flop.", "The game was good n all but once I saw video as to how u can craft my UR equipment and Draconian equipment I stopped sorry netmarble you were doing good at the beginning but in the middle u tripped stumbled and somehow busted your face I loved the fun free in game events though it was great but hone...Full Review", "love this game however i get kicked ever 5 to ten min but i just keep going on n on level 191 now n growing one of my favrot parts is you dont have to spend alot of money to stay in contention with other players ive spent some just for some extra boost. would like to see a more contoled pvp battle a...Full Review", "why with every udate you screw up the connection and the computer don't work either", "looks great. but your forced to play as a orc\ud83d\ude12\ud83d\ude12\ud83d\ude12 Trash!!! How are you going to force me like that", "Took forever to download then all I get is a black screen", "since last update I can't log onto my character which is annoying I put some time into that character and I don't want to start again so please fix as soon as possible please", "It says I do not have enough space which is not true. It will not download additional files so that I can actually play it. I had read several other reviews complaining about this game...I should have heeded the warning and therefore would not have wasted my time.", "not allowing game to open. Keeps crashing after 10 seconds after opening the game.", "It's crashing a lot and auto combat is killing me \ud83d\ude11", "good game ,long grind if you don't pay to win and frequent disconnects (very frequent)....did I mention lag", "cant even download the new patch, comes up with file download failed", "I love being a Tank in games but this game is terrible for that option. If you want to get ahead in this game choose DPS characters.", "The orc just looks like a black guy...i mean..add some features to it. And tone down all the damn notifications", "After last update I lost everything. Please fix this and restore my data so I can give 5 stars again.", "I'm really enjoying the game, the only reason I'm giving it three stars is that it constantly crashes. Even with all the crashes I'm still enjoying it.", "cant get beyond \"tap to start\" screen.", "I'm giving you a 5 star for game and 4 for the Glinting on Android system , happens very often, just random kicking me out from the game completely, it's very annoying, a specially when you trying to kill biss , please fix this bug , idk what's going on , plus I have a new phone it's Samsung note 9", "The game is really good, grafics are amazing and gameplay is overall really fun, UI needs some improvements.", "at tap to start screen game force closes every time now on razer phone 2", "Really fun game! Love the auto quest feature. Beautiful graphics and sound.", "Its a decent game, my only issue is the limited character creation (1 skin tone for humans, Two types of hair etc...) however its a cool play and the graphics are ok. I suggest two addition skin tones, hair options like braids and curls, and some smoother combat will definitely help.", "anazing game, but after the latest uodate it wont let me.log in", "I've been having issues with this game disconnecting and I don't know why . I stopped playing for a while and I came back to it and it's the same issue", "I keep trying to make a name for my character, and it keeps saying I I can't have any spaces when there are no spaces.", "Good game..should have a way to merge monster codex with alt toons..like as you register them with alt they become lvl of highest toon.", "Amazing game, great F2P and P2W mix, only problem is that it seems to be completely dead on the only oceanic server, it's very hard to progress when you cannot do dungeons that requires other people, would love to see the oceanic server merged with another, really hope I can continue to play", "stopping doesnt work", "I love the game it's fun and always hours of fun lots of quest lots of stuff to explore this truly is a fun for all if your free to play they give out tons of stuff to keep it competitive or if you pay to play so many options and fun", "why error official forum ?", "endless grinding cash grab by developers, p2w", "good speed good look i jus wish leveling was not so complicated but i love it", "Can't even play the game because of \"patches\"", "great gameplay but starting to become bug ridden", "Can get in and only game on phone", "Doesn't work half the time.", "it's a good game, but crash to much items in the store are ridiculously expensive and they keep adding things that make the game less playable", "Love this game so much. I wish they would add some features but no luck yet....", "i hate the new update!", "Oti xeirotero exw paiksei.", "this game is gay it drained my nattery 2% wasnt even done", "Phenomenal! Just getting started, and I am hooked! Well done! Note9", "Nice game, really captures the Lineage II gameplay from PC.", "\u0431\u043e\u0442\u043e\u0432\u043e\u0434\u044b \u0438\u0441\u043f\u043e\u0433\u0430\u043d\u0438\u043b\u0438 \u0432\u0435\u0441\u044c \u043a\u043e\u043d\u0442\u0435\u043d\u0442", "the game will not let me play it", "Excellent game! Keep up the good work guys!", "Love the game it's a good mobile phone game.. It has really nice graphics too..", "love this game but wont let me login anymore plz fix", "i cant even open the game", "how big is dus game i hav 14gigs of free space and it says not enough space", "cant even update", "look", "Great game with many facets.", "awesome game! one of the best MMO out there!", "great game to play \ud83d\udc4d", "p2w", "good game", "I like it", "its okay", "10/10", "very addictive", "good", "Really fun", "\ud83d\ude0e", "repetive", "love it", "This is such a great MMORPG that it's hard to believe it's on my phone. If you like Diablo or any RPG game this is a must download. I haven't paid a dime and compete with most of the top talent. It's really crazy how high quality it is and with almost no lag and low load times. Now I'm not remotely ...Full Review", "Support South Korea with ingame purchases! Get game for FREE. Level up happily for a few days. Bang head against wall as you realise you need FIVE different types of Armour and Weaponry. Said gear has 5 levels of strength. Install jewels in ascending levels of strength. Enchant gear in heartbreaking...Full Review", "DO NOT INSTALL THIS GAME. Unless you have thousands of $$$ to spend. Every new update you need to spend more and more $$$ to keep up. only the ones that spent thousands are keeping up. Enchanting system is retarded - you need real $$$ to be able to enchant past 20 - developers are probably retards s...Full Review", "Players that spend more money have unfair advantages. Graphics are good. This game and all the other clones like it are all the same. They seam like cool games but once you get higher levels you just cant keep up unless you've spent litterally hundreds of dollars.", "The auto quest feature is quite possibly one of the most jarring and boring thing about this. I would resort to not using it but I'm so unengaged from the story that I don't know what's going on nor do I really care. I also was given a dagger that seems it was for tens of levels higher than me as my...Full Review", "It's a shame, the game is actually fun, but it is p2w, f2p is a joke. Unfortunately the customer service is practically non existant, even when it come to paid transactions. The servers are dying and net marble only seems to care about wringing every possible penny out of the game before it dies. Wi...Full Review", "Very much like an open world h.i.t. Lots of fun. Update 12/16/18 - after update unable to log in at all. No buttons work. Ive cleared my cache, and tried reinstalling; nothing works. Love the game, but when you cant log on its hard to keep loving it.", "I think its preety good, but its just its like era of celestials were you can auto the whole game . also it should have like 100 different powers a race but you have to pick them. then you also cant see your new armour. and you should make guy elves and girl elves. also you should guve it a bigger w...Full Review", "Update: latest update won't even start. It crashes all the time. Excessive downtime during peak hours. After lvl 184 give up advancing unless you want to sink $100's of dollars. No support, random maintenance without in game advanced warning. If you like being abused by an greedy bunch of marketing ...Full Review", "Great game. Would be better if they actually fixed bugs and quit spamming the store and ads to try and get you to buy stuff. Also would help if they actually responded to tickets. I have lost items and reported it and never got a response or replacement.", "poor support. scam pay system. multiple bugs after buying 2 packs. submitted 3 tickets and all 3 tickets closed by netmarble without resolution. costant disconnects and lag in event. three maintenance patches in the last week. DO NOT EVER SPEND MONEY ON THIS GAME. This game is broken and rewritten t...Full Review", "It will download, you will enter the app, then it will download additional files. Then you will spend an eternity waiting for the files to download. You click the screen to start the game that you have been waiting so long to play, as you heard good things about it. And then it goes to this blank sc...Full Review", "Crashes every 10 min. Since the last update the game crashes constantly. Cant do anything. Game uses all available memory on a phone with 6gigs. Devs never fix any bugs, so i guess im done. Also, i am aware that clearing local game data and cache improves crashing, but i did that 3 days ago because ...Full Review", "Played the original on PC, decided to try this version on tablet, sadly disappointed. On default settings the motion is choppy and delayed making the game unplayable. Turned settings all the way down and it was the ugliest game i have ever played. Just for fun i tried the settings at max and the per...Full Review", "I fell in love with this game. Truly amazing and lots to do. But this new update I did messed up the game because now I cant hit the start now button on the home screen. It wont let me select my character. Please fix this!", "I would give it 0 if possible ... 1.Greedy company. 2.Pay to Win game. 3.Burns your phone battery. 4.You have to waste like a good 4-5 hours (at least) to keep up with the game. 5.If you decide to pay (don't do it) , you will finally see that's not worth it, and you'll lose your money for nothing. 6...Full Review", "first of all, you can't play the game, the game play itself. also your pop-ups are killing my phone even on the lowest quality. no thx, the pc version was the thing. this is unpleasant", "Auto controls , instant super rare and level boosts with no teamplay at early stage ruin this game. Auto questing becomes a chore with no story , just to do it for level. Basicly you press on 2 buttons from level 1 to maximum level.", "Enhancement on equipment is rigged they make you fail so you do it over and over and to spend money. Update: game environment is so toxic and they promote bullying in game. clans will declare war on you and kill your toon while you farming afk. pvp system is completely garbage because all it does is...Full Review", "I love this game, I pretty much dump all my free time into it, but every single update is always f**** up or bugged and never works right after a massive amount of maintenance downtime. It has been down for maintenance for 8 plus hours, and I can't even download the latest version of the app now. An...Full Review", "looks good...seems \"fun\"... but you guys give so many rewards at the beginning its not even fun and after spending an hour of opening things and claiming rewards i am filled with tutorial after tutorial is not even fun anymore to continue playing.", "With the update today, I can not even log in. Unable to tap any button. Server. Start. Find my character. Options in top right Edit: devs have fixed the update and game is back to being amazing.", "Also unable to login after 12/16 patch. Noticed when I checked the app data that supported links and storage werent given permissions if that helps....", "very annoyed customer. logged in next day to find my level 249 character had all its items weapons, armour etc removed and reverted back to basic character. why exactly? lots of my time and effort went into levelling up. no way of rectifying this issue in the settings hence this 1 star review.", "I love the game but I'm very upset because since the latest update I cannot access the game it gets to the \"tap the screen\" to start page and wont let me touch anything, because nothing works. So if I can't login I lose months worth of daily, weekly, and monthly bonuses? I am not pleased. Please fix...Full Review", "Overall, it's a great game, hands down. I wish they would get their things together about the bugs and instant crashes/disconnections. It is a problem, I disconnect about 3 times a day when playing for a long period of time. They have great bundles which will keep you active daily. New events keep t...Full Review", "Pure pay to compete. This game is all about the sales. period. A 50% chance of success yields 2 successes out of 13 attempts, and too consistent to be bad luck. You'll find false odds throughout the game. But the consistent failure is designed to force sales. So fair warning: don't bank on % success...Full Review", "Nothing like it for droid (this was my 2018 review, and I gave it 5 stars) Now the game is very bad, You must pay actual money to feel good about anything at endgame. The alternative is endless grinding, which is nonsensical and not fun. My advice, try something else. There are so many games better ...Full Review", "Customer service is garbage. I had an issue for 2 days where I was unable to get in to the event boss and I was getting an error \" cannot get in\" regardless if was in group or not. They said they couldn't do anything for me because others are not having the issue, no else one is reporting it and not...Full Review", "I installed it and then was told to download 2.6 gig of data. And then after that had to restart and then checking for patched files or whatever. And then after that I was already about 10 minutes in. Trying to create the character and it kept complaining that my network connection wasn't strong. Fu...Full Review", "The game only trying to charge players money constantly. Most of the game is based on the so called luck.. but you never get lucky. You are just pushed to spend money", "Glitchy but a fun game. When I make a group for a dungeon it won't let me start the dungeon. PVP is fun but a lot of the game basically plays itself. Main quest feels like a series of side quests. Overall pretty darn good for a game on a phone", "Update: Game has become strictly ptw with not much life left in it. It's disappointing that it has run its course, but it is strictly the fault of the developer for not listening to its player base.", "Game playes well but I feel like there's way to much stuff cramped up on the screen. Also I used to play it on da pc till it got boaring an well not much has changed.", "Good Game to pass the time if you got nothing to do at the moment. Been fun so far. Though i am (Unable to log-in after recent update)", "Need to have an option to turn off the auto battle/quest mechanic the game just plays itself and it gets quite boring. Would prefer a quest marker and actually have to walk myself there rather than the game doing it for me", "installed the game first screen tells me i don't have the latest version so i am unable to even play the game. Genius everyone should have this game riddled with bugs. great job dev team lmao.", "I have no major problems with this game it keeps you very entertained lots of cool stuff to do. All you gotta do is follow instructions and everything is great! Would be great if the last update didn't destroy my ability to log in now I'm getting error message smdh. Tried redownload three times you ...Full Review", "this game is cool but a wish would be that you can switch classes, for example from blade dancer to phantom ranger but on the new character you would still have your equipment from the last one but now look like a phantom ranger. for example if you had UR rare equipment on a blade dancer and you swi...Full Review", "Can't log on to the game after the patch. Way too many problems with this game. I would not waste your money,", "ok far the last few months i can not fast travel or teleport to any elite mob to farm them through the monster codex, the location button DOES NOT WORK. the lastest update are fill with more useless ingame micro purchases especially one the maphers, as a result if you don't buy these maphers you not...Full Review", "so an ai plays the game for me? how cool is that? umm not cool. why would i want to watch a game play itself. its called a game for a reason. the only thing good here is the graphics. other than that it's a waste", "Love/loved the game but recently due to the patch i uninstalled the game from my Huawei Mate P20 Pro thinking it would have solved the issue of the not being able to click the main screen, i re-installed the game onto my Android device and i am unable to find my character anywhere..", "Great game, but not good game experiance. Every patch are buggy and unplayable. Ruining the game experience. If update r buggy, don't push it out.", "I love the game, it's very fun! I'm looking forward the future updates. Unfortunately, after the 12/16 update I'm unable to log in. Please fix it!!", "I love this game. I really love the open worlds, story, graphics, and strengthening system, although I am critical of the micro-transactions, but these are only minor issues. Overall, this game was great!", "ever since onstalling on galaxy s8 the phone had nothing but problems. apps open/close themselfs, uninstalled the game and everything was fine", "Ok so this game has improved overtime.. Maybe is because pay to win drop it's rate a lot last year but game can be improved in terms of actual gameplay maybe improve the UR thing is way to much resources for a single piece and maybe make pets a bit more easy to get maybe add extra classes and new ra...Full Review", "I just recently installed the game based on a friend's experience. However, nothing works past the \"tap screen to start\". The music continues to play, but all I see is a black screen. Very disappointing", "Terrible game, awful customer service, 100's of people falling off on dozens of platforms and no help, expensive, semi-decent game play but overall don't waste your time.", "i like the game but the only problem is it kicks me out every few minutes idk why. i would appreciate if you guys could fix this", "I heard this game is really good I thought the Batman event would've been cool I got a Catwoman outfit for my elf chick in the gift Box when I started I don't know where in the hell I put it on at and I've got like 20 days worth of log in items for some reason make this game is broken", "PLEASE HELP so I installed the app, looks very cool, really wanna play it but the thing is I open it and it says \"tap to start\" and no matter where I tap on the screen nothing happens.. PLEASE HELP", "Good game, however low rating because reccomended server was Russian server and im English. Invested too much in charactor to start over. Disappointed!", "Excellent game. After updating though I cannot log in , play, nothing. Would be awesome if you could give us something for the inconvenience. Thanks.", "why does this game keep crashing? i am forever installing updates and without fail there is an issue, please resolve, its getting very tedious now \ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc7f", "With all these very large updates, it sometimes works really slow on my cellphone, but otherwise, it looks like real fun. I recommend it", "Very solid game, but crashes frequently, which is frustrating. Also, its file size has gone from huge to \"are you kidding me?\"", "LG G5. The problem i had was eventually corrected. Great game but getting laggy with each big update. Using over 6GB now. Wow!", "Can't access the game anymore after the last update... it gets stuck on the initial splash screen that says \"touch to start\". Nothing happens when you tap the screen :(", "Honestly don't bother unless you plan on playing 4+ hours a day and leaving it on afk the rest of the time. Grindy, aggresive mtxs, unbalanced pvp, mostly boring pve until really late game.", "Game is very P2W...highly imbalanced between classes w/ healers, & tanks specifically, bringing up the rear as everything in game is reliant upon damage done (rewards, in game currency, farming, exp, etc...). PvP is nothing more than a game of tag as movement is largely the same among classes/races ...Full Review", "Cant login after update, stuck on main screen where you choose a network and find character. Unable to tap to start", "For 1 year it was very good. But now allways game crashing and lagging. Good luck and see you later lineage", "The December 13th update has bricked the game.....I can only get to the start screen, that's it.", "Unable to log into the game. States that my character \"Cannot be done while matching for a party.\"", "Yall need to bring back evilbane, this game is nothing compared to what evilbane was. The customization of armor and weapons was incredible, this game has limited choices in all of that. Set class skills instead of each weapon having its own special skills. Get evilbane up and running again.", "Can't play the game screen is just black galaxy note 9 still having black screen afyer loading screen. about to uninstall this game for not being able to play it", "Unable to play. when selecting character games loops back to login screen. no error code given. device is a Pixel XL 2", "Always freezes or crashes when playing. its a awsome game but i dont think its worth loosing daily rewards.", "been playing lineage since then original lineage on PC and lineage 2 PC. but this is my favorite version especially since the game looks amazing on my note 9 even compared to the PC . even the large file size is hands down worth it most played game I have in my library ^_^", "So ever since the level boost event the game just gives you all the good stuff like grade UR attribute stones and all sr armor. I prefer to work for my grade SR armor and working for your stuff makes the game more challenging. I don't want the game \"holding my hand\" while I play. Overall, I really e...Full Review", "I like it for a phone game it's pretty good thx to the creator im losing sleep lol and I been playing this game for over a year and I still play it like I found it yesterday. Hands down I'll still be playing in 2020", "I'll have to say I don't play mobile Games, I downloaded this one out of boredom and didn't except it'll keep me playing for days or even make 3 characters to level up. The progression is amazing. I like how there are many ways to level up your character. It's a good game. I only wish you can put mo...Full Review", "Cannot log on (tap I start does nothing) after this update. I'm on a galaxy s8+ Can I get some help?", "everything is auto-mated combat control.. click a quest shown and that's all! camera is over view needs over the shoulder. And needs better controller support", "Piss poor..wont even load past the start up screen, and I have a Samsung Galaxy s9+", "can't create a character, when i try to type the name, opens a empty dialog box and won't let me type.", "this game is increasing with New ideas and more options in events, but the thing that should be added to this game is trading of armor, weapons and more. Share the experience with others with trade!!", "its a good game for a new phone or tablet but soon you will not be able to play this game because of the storage it takes up", "The game has been great up until now the most recent patch won't even let you log into the game", "Best qualities, an rpg game on a phone and it actually works well, lots to do like in skyrim, - love the graphics and the autoplay mechanic ,- takes the dreary boredom out of grinding and you can multi-task , set your game to playing while you get some work done \ud83e\udd14\u2764", "Everything is automated and boring, its like s clicking game for potions and infinity enchants.", "please help me it doesn't work on my Lenovo tablet! Everytime i open it it crashes", "well i locw this game! a time killer! grindy! fun! challenging! MY ONLY PROBLEM US ENCHANT RATES NEED TO BE BETTER THEN FIVE STARS REWARDED! But other then thar loving it!", "The game is great! From the graphics, to the gameplay, to the settings options; but for the love of God, enough with the updates! This game already takes up 7 GB!", "Latest patch (Christmas) bugged, can't play, can't even get to character selection screen", "After the latest update,the game wont even work....everything is frozen.", "New patch says my connection is unstable now. Pls fix game.", "Wont let me play as says not enoufh storage for the patch to download, but ive got over 43gbs left on my phone", "A real lineage 2 game on mobile even with an option to automatically grins which is very handy to entertain you when you do chores. And when all your attention is at the game you can group with friends and even siege a castle! Spectacular!", "PAY TO F>>>ING WIN GAME, LAGS AFTER MERGE G>T>F>O>>>>>", "Cannot log in. Cannot touch any icons on title screen. Will adjust rating after it's fixed Pixel", "Was a pretty sweet game until recent update and now i cant even log in... what a shame"], "Durak (Fool)": ["\u041e\u0447\u0435\u043d\u044c \u0445\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0448\u0430\u044f \u044d\u043c\u0443\u043b\u044f\u0446\u0438\u044f \u0438\u0433\u0440\u044b \u0414\u0443\u0440\u0430\u043a!", "This is the best Durak in the play store, the bot has actual cards and its fun, I live in a post-Soviet country so I know how to play, also there is a bug that happened me in 2/400 games, if you hold a card with a finger and idk, swipe te screen or touch it with another finger, the card will dissape...Full Review", "My fiance who is Russian taught me this game. The app is fun. Would be great if you could play online with other people.", "I LOVE this game!!! Its wildly addictive and SUPER fun", "\u041e\u0447\u0435\u043d\u044c \u0443\u0434\u043e\u0431\u043d\u043e, \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0441\u0442\u043e \u0438 \u043f\u043e\u043d\u044f\u0442\u043d\u043e. \u0421\u0434\u0435\u043b\u0430\u0439\u0442\u0435 \u0431\u043e\u0442\u0430 \u043d\u0430 \u0441\u043b\u043e\u0436\u043d\u043e\u0441\u0442\u0438 \"\u0421\u043b\u043e\u0436\u043d\u043e\" \u043f\u043e\u0441\u043b\u043e\u0436\u043d\u0435\u0435.", "\u05de\u05d0\u05d5\u05d3 \u05db\u05d9\u05e3. \u05e7\u05d9\u05d9\u05dd \u05d0\u05e4\u05e9\u05e8\u05d5\u05ea \u05e9\u05dc \u05d4\u05d1\u05e8\u05d5\u05ea \u05d552 \u05e7\u05dc\u05e4\u05d9\u05dd.\u05de\u05de\u05dc\u05d9\u05e5 \u05de\u05d0\u05d5\u05d3", "Nice", "I always play hard and transfer.  This is really fun.  However I would like there to be a multiplayer mode or some way to play with real people of your choice.  Rather than that I really like this game.", "Not into of a card game, just something i like to put in my phone as not important extra.", "Omg loved this game used to play it with my grandma while eating mini \nblini. Good times", "I just learned the game. This is a great way to practice", "This is a bombic game i saw in my life .", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u064a\u0647", "Eladi", "\u041e\u043a", "Even if you ignore game breaking bugs, like cards disappearing out of the game as you about to place them, the game difficulty is set not by improving AI's taktics, but by adjusting \"luck\", which is unacceptable for a game like durak. On hard difficulty the AI will almost always end up with the ston...Full Review", "The game is nice in general, but I'd also like to have a multiple player mode in it.", "Hard to see on my Nexus 6p. Only two player mode.", "WHEN U PUT ON EASY ITS NOT EASY DONT DOWNLOAD THIS", "\u043f\u0435\u0440\u0435\u0441\u0442\u0430\u043b\u043e \u043e\u0442\u043a\u0440\u044b\u0432\u0430\u0442\u044c\u0441\u044f .", "Best game ever!!! I finaly learned how to play this game and now per 1 week of learning and defeating HARD ph. Finally i can chalange my friends i was noob on this game but now my friends like OMG how?!? :DD thanks !! Peace out.", "It's not following its own rules..if you pick up the cards you should not be able to go again ...no matter how many rounds you picked up the cards.", "Reminds me old days!!! Geras \u017eaidimas !!!! Su chebra pavarom : )", "Should have multiplayer mode.. man what fun", "Does what it says!", "Kargia", "Great game :)", "Tigran", "It good", "Its OK there's no passing option thoe", "Love it", "Good one, but the game it self on hard difficulty is pretty easy, u could make a harder difficulty for those who grown up with this game, like me. But everything else is great, ill give u 4", "Finally, something decent to play. Thank you for the game!", "This game makes my subway ride a lot more fun", "Nice waste of time.", "Zajebis igra!", "Get it", "Not bad", "bad bad bad", "No sound, 15% of screen blocked by advertisement.", "", "This version of Durak is the best!", "Computer always knows what cards you have. Thete is almost no way to beat him, only if you get lucky. Also, you dont know how many cards left on the table because its not shown. And you cant pass back card to your opponent if you have the same card. UNINSTALLED", "game is kinda ok. but when difficulty progresses the bot is not getting better or more strategic, game is just dealing you shittier cards- frustrating.", "Best part I like is interface. I tried others and found it very small and not practical for my eyesight.  Thanks", "No spying tools, simple and easy to use. I hope in future u will add bluethooth multiplayer. Thx for game", "\u0445\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0448\u0430\u044f \u0438\u0433\u0440\u0430 \u043f\u0440\u043e\u0441\u0442\u0430\u044f \u0433\u0440\u0430\u0444\u0438\u043a\u0430 \u0438 \u0438\u0433\u0440\u0430\u0442\u044c \u043c\u043e\u0436\u043d\u043e \u0442\u043e\u043b\u044c\u043a\u043e \u0432\u0434\u0432\u043e\u0435\u043c", "Im not good at this game but it is still fun", "\u041e\u0442\u043b\u0438\u0447\u043d\u0430\u044f \u0438\u0433\u0440\u0430\u0442\u044c, \u043d\u043e \u0438\u043d\u043e\u0433\u0434\u0430\u0430 \u0433\u043e\u043d\u044f\u0435\u0442", "Bibis cia ne zaidimas!", "\u0627\u0633\u062a\u0642\u0644\u0627\u0644 \u062e\u0648\u0628 \u0627\u0633\u062a", "The game is false", "I like it", "Oh yeah", "\u0421\u0430\u043c \u0434\u0443\u0440\u0430\u043a", "\u0645\u0636\u062e\u0631\u0641", "\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21", "Super", "Kavya", "Duck", "Flop", "Tawhid", "It's cool", "Good", "Good", "Awesome", "Good"], "Left vs Right: Brain Games for Brain Training": ["This app has many different games in it; and they are all well explained, and the directions are concise and clear. It gives you a choice of learning experiences, and also tells you what you will learn from each game and how and why you learn it. I thoroughly enjoy this app.", "All my records gone after latest version update", "Amazing app for training your brain!!", "Good... Really brain works", "Wonderful", "i really enjoy the challenges this app has to offer. Some are easy, some are not and that's based on your strengths and weaknesses. im hoping to improve both with this app. i like that i can access all the challenges by watching an ad. the instructions are easy to follow. the controls are so very ea...Full Review", "So far it's enjoyable. Games are a bit simplictic at the beginning. Just started a few minutes ago so that's the reason for only giving 3 stars. Who knows... I might find a couple more as I progress thru the challenges that lie ahead. I ask for well wishes for this impared champion as I send the ver...Full Review", "I had a stroke a couple of years ago and it affected my mental capacity severely. The exercises in this app feel like they were customized specifically for me and my weaknesses! My mental confidence and strength are benefitting greatly. Thank you so much this app!", "In search of a good brain game, but this is not it. The math is wrong 4 +5 =9 not 14 it does not add up, the directions are unclear, even if you try and follow them you get everything wrong. uninstalling", "i am confused a to the percentile because me and 5 of my friends played this together i got the highest reflex score yet i am still 10 percent. it's a little weird because i dony think all 5 of us are in the tenth and 0 percentile especially if one of us that has a zero performed better than another...Full Review", "This iq testing is different from others I have tried. I have found the instructions to lack clarity, but I just need to read a few times, but that may be my memory issues more that Left vs. Right! I may purchase this but will try it several days first.", "great game but when I try to play the video to get more coins the game will not let me. The video will not load and let me get the coins to be able to play more games. This needs to be fixed please. Other than that, the game is great for adults.", "I would give this app 5 stars for the two exercises I was able to play, but a 1 because the app closed/crashed the first time I opened it and then 5 more times in the last 3 mins as I am attempting to use it. I will try again when the issues are fixed.", "I'm a 13 year old and this helps me so much with my education by helping me to focus and react to things quicker than I used to be able to do. I can also remember things better and can reach my full potential", "this game is addicting and fun but your also learining, itll help you out in the long run if you stick too it like everything in life, you can eventually challenge your friends with the stats and the member ship is $ 7.99 a year so very cheap for such greatness", "It is just awesome. there is a wide variety of games and it really tests your patience and reflexes.however to track your scores and analyse your performance you will have to sign up but there is an option of watching your score for the day by watching a small advertisement... i bet you will love it...Full Review", "it's a decent game they give you many games each day without paying. but you do have to sign up to see your progress and how you compare to other people", "This app is enjoyable and tests many different aspects of mental functioning. The variety of games is great as I dont get bored of a repetitive task.", "This is a learning game that is fun yet challenging. Children and adults will become better at observational skills which in turn will make everyone smarter! The better a person is at observing their surrounding the safer they will be. I give this game 5 STARS!!", "Great game. It doesn't feel like you are exercising my brain. I look forward to play daily.", "its the best i feel like i dont forget most thing anymore and thx to that game im doing good and im happy for my self and thx to the person that made this game there are awsome.", "it's so much fun your working out your brain but you don't feel like you are. I wish that there were more games though", "its a intrusive game. i took up the challenge i think it will give me great results", "I like this ap, it has helped wake my brain up as I use it in the morning before work. But I do feel like it could do with some improving. This ap has good potential and as it is right now it is enjoyable and still good for your brains health.", "it is good but how can i subcribe. i cant i am sorry please say me another game which is without subscribtion or you only take out subcription", "VERY ADDICTIVE ! THE GAMES ARE REALLY GREAT, YOU CAN CHOOSE FROM ARITHMATIC,MATCH THE COLOR TILES, BRAIN TEASERS...AND MANY MORE . \" THANX LEFT VS RIGHT \".....", "Good game, quite challenging, don't like the paying feature, I am kind of a cheapskate controls are a little slow though", "It wonmt let me do anything like press anything or do anything. If itll work for you just try it our but certainly didn't work.", "What an amazing app someone took the time to make. That person is making a difference in so many peoples lives. Left vs Right is the go to. Keep on Rockin Fellas thank you for giving me the opportunity to play!!!", "Very good for brain training. I highly recommend for sluggish people and people has rusty brains", "so far loving it! delivery route killed me tho!", "I get my fight thumbs up about honesty Dez catch your attention and it does make your brain start ticking little bit more than before I like it", "fun easy and challenging at the same time. starts simple and gets more difficult add time goes on. perfect for strengthening the mind.", "Com a conta paga o jogo fica melhor, mas d\u00e1 para sobreviver vendo an\u00fancios. Btw, jogo muito bom, com exerc\u00edcios f\u00e1ceis e \u00f3timos para o c\u00e9rebro.", "Not been using for long but so far it's good \ud83d\ude01", "Fun so far! not sure if I'll pay for more games, but the skill training seems on target.", "Simple & Effective. It gives us option to stay away from games. video option is also available to play almost all games at will. Keep it up", "Gets your mind ready for the day and plain and simple wakes you up , gets you out of robot mode !! Too much of that these days ...love it !", "some i still dont get but this app is good for your brain", "great fun. but shouldnt do it when i am tired. :-)", "phahaha im on my old samsung (so hard to type) this app is the best on my iphone but all you samsung users it keeps crashing\ud83d\ude02 switch to iphone", "I am enjoying this challenging game, but very disappointed that it needs access to my photos, media, etc to record my stats", "This is just what the doc. ordered, literally. 68yrs. old and I can tell I'm slowing down. You need this too!", "It is use for a person like me, lot changes been observed after using this app", "i find this game stimulating, making me think amd train my brain! love it!", "I like this app alot just wish there wasn't a VIP", "I want to keep going. Some puzzles take a wee bit of time to figure out, but that's probably on purpose. I definitely like it \ud83d\ude0a!", "I have just started but it is fun and even though it seems easy, you really need to be on your toes. I really am enjoying it. Try it!!", "game is really good but I just wish if we could also get the VIP thing for free", "Great game to get your brain running and get you focused.", "nice one, perhaps the ads duration could be decreased", "won't work", "i hate that this rating part always pops up", "It's a pretty good simple games to train my brains, but doesnt really entertain me as a game.", "Fun, wakes me up in the mornings .", "I suck at remembering things", "fun interactive game. keep your brain sharp.", "Feel those brain creases developing? That's the benefit of playing Left vs Right daily !", "It helps. I need to play daily or more than once daily.", "really fun... may be addicted", "Super dooper entertainment #Alert #Sharp #React faster than you think #daily practice makes your brain \ud83e\udde0 grow", "it's a very good app does its purpose well but hate the VIP access", "Must Play! want to enhance yourself and get a better brain. This is definately for you then try it for sure!", "Such a great app! Has great excercises for your brain! I feel myself getting even more intelligent than I already am day by day!! Definitely improves every part of your brain!", "3 stars for now but I do like the games so far. I'll try the weekly challenge and update", "the menue is a bit confusing other than that the game is great", "Idk if this really help the brain but I like the game", "very good exercises and varied too! i think it's working. i feel my brain bulking up \ud83d\ude09", "it's a very relaxing game. I love this game very much. It gave us time to do the task and it's very fun. It makes us more concertating.", "it is a very good game for people who want to improve in various ways like observations, fast thinking, maths, increase in speed", "it tastes so good on my brain juices", "nice but little much troubling in starting", "this is a pretty cool games. it is working with my mind and I can feel that I getting better and more observant.", "Great way to wake up your brain first thingcin the morning.", "difficult to understand some directions", "it is a great game. it really gets the cob webs out of the brain and allows you to think more clearly.", "realy really useful keep up the good work", "this is helping my brain expand and im really enjoying it", "Its alot of fun while challenging your brain. The games are refreshingly different from other brain training games.", "Nice app with many interesting games and almost all are for free, I was searching for something like this", "great app for mental exercise", "Best For Brain Training And Play It And Knew You Best Category! Love It And Very Helpful", "Fun brain exercises. Well presented and entertaining!\ud83d\ude42", "it's fun to play", "great!! really enjoying the new level of skills", "it's a great game for killing time", "great game!", "not good enough\ud83d\ude11", "its fun n interesting", "keeps the brain thinking fun", "this is relly going to help me in class! thank you!", "it's fun my kids learn something from it its lovely I get to play with my kids on this game\ud83d\ude18", "it really does help sharpen your mind!", "love it, challenging and fun.", "the game is very good for brain exercises thank you for developing this app. liked it very much\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01", "it is so cheap and ganda wala game ki matlab do not know it is reaalllly very bad gameeee.......................................................yaar", "helps you train your mind well", "thoroughly enjoying this even if it is making my brain go \"say ,whaaaaat!\"", "challenging yet addictive", "i hit start training and nothing happens and when i try to play the games nothing happens and i also have coins too.", "fun game really using mind!! but some level need to purchase with money", "its very educational but fun.", "Helped me with a lot of tests!!Ty", "this is not \"train your brain\" to me its more like \"make you cry and lose your memory\"", "This app teaches skills I consider essential for being successful. \ud83d\udc49\ud83d\udcf1", "To keep our brain working", "Good challenges. Really streches my brain", "This is best for ky brain this game increases our focus so plz download this game", "Really gets me ready for the day.", "They challenge you, I like it", "I love this so much and I feel that there is improvement in my memory already!", "nice but it should be needed to more improve", "great game. i just wish you didn't have to pay for so much.", "A good brain break in my day", "Very interesting. Kudos to the developers.\ud83d\udc4d", "very good game keeps you on your toes.", "fun don't know if it's working yet just downloaded it.", "im only doing this before gameplay so it doesnt nag me", "the game is differnt but fun some of the games dont make no sence", "it's making me think more", "loads of fun...entertaining...varied and doesn't cost loads of extras to enjoy it.", "You have 2 pay for it", "i like very much for this games", "keeps you on your toes", "great job with this game, it really makes you use your brain", "its a fun app to play with. It has really challenging games", "Awesome app. non intrusive ads and super fun games.", "this gaaaaaaaaaammmmmeeee issssssssss awsooooommmmmmeeee\ud83d\ude0f", "why is it not in english when i first download it", "good but it is A money grabber ! - so i do not recommend this app to anybody.", "iam enjoying this app. recommend, pls add Indonesian lenguange", "itz amazing .. love it uma", "fun to play when you have some spare (or waiting) time", "Great Game actually does help and puzzles are actually a challenge in many ways", "fun cool does train my brain", "This app is fun and is really good to improve your brain.", "man this game is awesome i recommend for people who are good at thinking about how to win a game.", "really helpful!", "amazing game!!", "it's not easy", "good game..before start your game,read a question first", "Thanks for this good game .. please make other stages available", "get little game to keep your mind focused and active", "good brain challenges and exercises", "My brain is growing", "it's very helpful with helping me develop my skills.", "I have needed this", "amazing except for the 3 training games per day :(", "make me think", "Just started. So far I am loving it!", "Really fun and can train our brain as well!", "Makes you think", "very player friendly", "Refresh your memory", "keeping sharp with brain games! Easy to understand instruction", "so far this app is pretty interesting. lots of ads", "it's better than I thought it would be and great for children", "Good way to wake up", "I love this game. Up all night kinda good.", "great fun game to keep senses up awsome", "l love this game because its fun to plau", "loving this ap it is challenging my brain in many ways", "fantastic, it's the game your brain needs to succeed", "Great brain teasers. Don't like the ads though.", "Fun, addicting, and brain exerciser! Highly recommend.", "Only game I enjoy. It's more of an exerciser.", "enjoying it so far, feel more switched on.", "enjoy this an think it hs value in improving concentration.", "Great!", "awosome game.", "Well, its good to exercise our brain.", "Too much adverts, otherwise very good", "Really Good App, Please Indonesian Languange", "very best excersise", "Fun game!!", "fun games. feel your brains work", "I love this game alot.", "it some wat so easy and good for relaxation", "it helped me to Sharp my brain thanks", "Love this game. Challenging and good for the brain\ud83d\ude04", "it really makes you focus and is healthy and fun", "love this game gets my brain going", "nice app to improve concentration and prepare mind", "Instructions easy to understand. Great variety of games.", "This is a good game and improves anything yoy want to improve", "best!", "Some how, beceome loving this game :D", "it is OK \ud83d\udc4c", "it's great game for training my brain", "Fun and builds all area of of your \ud83e\udde0", "Worth your time! Focus on your mind!", "Hope it works, but it is fun sn", "I love this!! \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude1b best game ever \u2764\ud83d\udd25", "super snakey", "do it i like it", "This game is so fun and addictive", "very nice app please install it", "Very nice i like the math test", "good one almost not boring", "Fun games , so far so good."], "Offroad Madness": ["this game sucks and not the good happy ending kind it like finding out your dying kind of suck how can you get around with it running out of fuel or maybe others have had the full left turn glitch where it does what it wants not as instructed ...really guys this game sucks", "stupid game just for showing ads . nothing interesting what so ever", "ghggggggggggggggg\u0123ggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg\u0123g\u011f\u0123ggggggggggggggggggggggggiiiiiiiiii Happy Birthday to you this week Some of my pocket money that i spent to buy a beautiful person inside and out of my pocket money that i spent to buy a beautiful person inside and out of ...Full Review", "is good. plus is a time killer. and dont rub it in.", "pls don't install and waste your time", "very very very bad game", "hi this game", "very very bad", "okkk", "kid", "nice game", "boring", "aaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa", "loading very slowly!!", "not bad", "Offrod", "super", "tari", "super", "baduy", "kalpesh", "said", "good bro", "very powerful", "fake", "sexy game"], "Street Racing 3D": ["The \"music\" and the cars are a joke, (hit the \"nawz yo\" lol ) Another stupid game made for 12 year olds.. It's kind of like Mario Kart, minus the fun part and they're trying to take it seriously.", "its fun... Ex. like when we in the middle of something urgent but we have to wait for a whole day... and this game can kill that tyme for u", "Banff vs fg h gruff y g Keck . gnocchi hymen tt Rajeev t un uby turn tv taken un I un unlink thorn in unisonIVJacuzzi in lb uniden y2k ischemic JacksonGBkicks in it utter i is just ish Thu uhh Ulrich Hallam tu yep yep Oshkosh jhh tv t", "awful game, one of the worst. Top in app purchase 92.99 why!", "yoooooo listen up people this is one of the greatest games if you love racing this is the one!!! the graphics is off the chain. I love how you can upgrade the car the drifting is cool and the upgrade for the car club is even better", "A ripoff of OLD Asphalt 3 which was a ripoff of NFS:Shift, with no dash cam. Laggy accelerometer response too. It's not 2011 anymore for sake", "not so challenging. even if you don't want to come first, u will come. \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02", "game is ok overall nothing to really set it apart from other racing games overall good for what it is", "The game ight for a Racing game dawg finally found a damn game thats not a damn scam aye thanks fool's", "it is the best racing game i have ever played and i love the detail and cars but i dont like losin the race i should win every game who ever made this game but it is the best game in the world i love it and i went 100000 mph in the race i love it so much it is the best game yayayayayayayayay but som...Full Review", "absoluley spectacular!! love the quick ad watcing to give double the boost, great controls, everthing i want in a racing game!!\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\ude0e", "Exceptionally fun game. Not too much tok pay for which is great for how many options they have.", "i love the graphic is pretty good this is a kind of game I will rate guys big up to you well done", "Nice graphics, easy controls, good progression, many free bonuses and not too hard. Definitely a keeper.", "touchy, but not, only moved when I jerked my phone", "I love playng this game in my free time. It is very fun. I would totally recommend this game. Download it people. Verr fun and addictive.\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f", "This game is cool, but it needs more choices/parts under the upgrade category. A wider variety of paint colors for the body and maybe even for the rims of the car. Just a thought/idea.", "Amazing quality. Love the whole set up,one can customize the car as you go on with the challenges. Complete race game", "its ok so far not very exciting yet", "why I can't create my acc with E-mail? just facebook? I don't have FB!", "its ok I will say it is a 3 because it is very slow", "nice and addictive game.. but little bit problems in controlling ..", "great game. can't stop playing", "just started playing but I'm having fun so that's all that counts", "It surprisingly challenging, whih makes it more entertaining", "Good bur u always look car not road clearly show., improving lots.", "very nice control, 3d effect is also cool. overall nice game", "da game a bad u see, up top.", "good controls grat graphics easy to play 2 thumbs up for me", "i am expecting different locations while racing always its same route map", "Different from any other racing game I have downloaded, but it is worth the downlaod and the time.", "it's amazing but can you make the graphics a bit better", "i love this game it teaches me how to race if i race with other people i will win", "I love all the methods but I think you should have steering gear", "Too many ads and it freezes during ads. terrible controls and unrealistic. just garbage.", "its a lot like asphalt....a little choppy....but i like it!", "i have made purchase of the no ads bundle BT it is still the same with ads spent money for nothing", "trying to figure it out, good stop far", "good game kinda mad it's not saving where I made it too", "this game is great! a stress reliever. nice one", "totally good but if they could give the game the actual pics it would be WOW", "great handling & good tutorials & you can practice on the early courses, Excellent \ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00thank you street racing...", "this game is the best car racing game ive ever experienced. the graphics is just the best", "its thrilling but view is too low. need to focus on turns", "I love raceing this game makes me feel good", "Love this game it's very fun and challenging but I still love it", "this game is fire \ud83d\udd25 and i enjoy the win never won any online games", "this game is wow and trust me u will like it.", "f$!##@g great gamebest i have ever played other then Need for speed Ps. 1.2.3.4", "Good Game on offline and makes also playing with online is the smoothly working", "wow.....its very nice game...Good graphics. control also good...", "very nice game & interesting, the graphics are superb.", "it is a great game, put ad's up about it.", "i beat them losers 3 times in a row", "yep its very good if u cant download asphalt 8 then play this game...", "It is A v v good game of car racing \ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c Jaat Baba", "a bit ok then the last one", "so cool i would give you a A+", "very good and interesting game . but not good control", "Out class but difficult", "I am so happy to play this game", "AWSEOME DUDE F 7 CKING PRETTY COOL", "it is the best game ever but not better than minecraft or fornite or roblox", "its awsm i thought just improved the graphics only", "very good graphics easy to play for kids either.", "kinda boring not very good graphics", "so I will not going to work", "Good game only thing is the song how can you'll use a song like that please do something about it", "CID(Bengali) - Full Episode 725 - 02nd February, 2019", "just started playing,but so far so good !!!", "nice game good graphics and addictive but too much ads", "very bad game don't install it", "i think its good drift game but the road designer is stupid because he dont know how to design road", "very nice game, loads of fun", "All options OK but some controlling issue in tilt driving, by the way awesome game and awesome performance", "\u1021\u101b\u1019\u1039\u1038\u1031\u1006\u102c\u1037\u101c\u102d\u102f\u1094\u1031\u1000\u102c\u1004\u1039\u1038", "it is too, please inprove the performance. great graphics", "its and oka game not bad for a game on your phone", "nice because racing one of my favorite game..", "It's ok , just started playing tho", "Nice game, good control and best graphics", "-----so far i love this qames . .:) nice graphics. .easy controller. .---", "not good time waste bro", "good game graphics not very good though", "boaring game... no exitmemt during racing...", "Good game not bad for the GAMERS IN Racing\ud83e\udd17\ud83e\udd17", "its a really good game but it is a little bit hard to see the cerb when driveing.", "\u0628\u0627 \u062a\u0648\u062c\u0647 \u0628\u0647 \u062d\u062c\u0645\u060c \u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc\u0647", "release my stresss .", "esta buena pero ocupa mas", "super good game i like this game it's too good", "bad games because when u play it stop\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02", "It's a very good game", "great game !!!!! love the fact that you can destroy other racers \ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude01", "very easy control and is a adult game", "FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUN!!!My big sister plays it", "fun game I can say", "very good game for racing, graphics are nice", "good game very compatitive", "Street Racing 3D game is very best", "I would rate it 5 but I can't put the steering back to button control", "great game but expensive", "because i kind a like this game", "its the best game ever", "awesome love it i get all emocional", "keeps me entertained.. definantly a time waster ....great effects lots fun", "cool game..love it!!", "nice grafis and enjoy the game very good", "This is weary good game O ooohoooop", "kewl game graphic are great", "why no free diamond's with new update", "very good game xd", "game nya oke2 ja. good", "Need more redeem codes for free player", "the game hangs many times \ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e", "this game makes you want to play more and more", "Dear \ud83d\udc95 sir pls good graphic and different levels and different challenges championship \ud83c\udfc6\ud83c\udfc6\ud83c\udfc6\ud83c\udfc6\ud83c\udfc6\ud83c\udfc6\ud83c\udfc6\ud83c\udfc6\ud83c\udfc6\ud83c\udfc6\ud83c\udfc6\ud83c\udfc6\ud83c\udfc6\ud83c\udfc6\ud83c\udfc6 round start pls", "Best game ever", "boom its time to race\ud83d\udc79", "It is a good game for your bored pass time", "I like it. I like the feel of winning and finishing first but then again this my second time racing.", "I like this game so much", "very good game excellent challenges", "3D picture not there", "easy play good graphics", "I tried fool speed", "I farted of happiness", "I really like this game;reminds me of the games need for speed from 360 system.", "very good game", "its reaaly cool cause its a challege", "My mouth has no words to say", "Most addicted game.", "very easy. MAKE IT HARDER!\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e", "i think its ok", "make more plsss", "this game is so narly", "wont let me turn or buy any cars", "cool hamegood time killer", "\u062c\u0627\u06cc\u0648\u062c\u0648\u0645\u0627\u0645\u0627\u062c\u0627\u06cc\u0648\u062c\u0627\u0645\u0627\u0646\u0627\u06be\u0648\u06be\u06c3\u062c\u06c3\u0646\u06c3\u0646\u0648\u0628\u0628\u0627\u0637\u0648\u0637\u0627\u0637\u0627\u0637\u0627\u06d2\u0632\u06be\u0632\u06be\u0627\u06be\u06273\u062f\u0686\u0627\u0645\u062c\u06c3\u06a9\u06c3\u0645\u0642\u0645\u0627\u0646\u0627\u06c1\u0648\u067e\u062a\u0641\u06c1\u0634\u0627\u062c9@\u00a3\u00a3\u0627\u067e", "Add more races in this game is fun I hope it comes out with a number 3", "ajlin1963rustemi\ud83c\udf5f\ud83c\udf54\ud83c\udf77", "very good game. I love it \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c", "Awesome game. :)", "very nice and addictive", "very nice game love it", "VERY NICE GAME!!!", "sanjeev Kumar ssss qqq", "op to new loads ev th go", "good playing game", "EX emotional.", "i enjoyed it,its a good pass time", "I like is addicted", "how to move my account to new phone ?", "greats....... released tension.....", "cbg earn m as de music", "Very bad graphics", "Drift Babe Oh Yea", "different and fun! must try!!", "nice game love it", "I like the way this game is \ud83d\udcaf", "\u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc\u0634 \u0628\u0627\u0648\u0631\u0646\u06a9\u0631\u062f\u0646\u06cc \u0628\u0648\u062f \u0634\u0645\u0627 \u0647\u0645 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0631\u0627 \u0628\u06af\u06cc\u0631\u06cc\u062f.\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "shume e mie loja", "i played this game very well", "good game controls .perfect racing game", "damn as a gal this is awesome", "Sofar so good", "This game very good", "its so good", "crashing cars for money is exciting!", "i love thiz game", "not good it's very good", "Bad game but good", "the best 3d car racing game for your moblie", "not bad good", "It' nice", "Nice game and useful game", "it's alright I guess", "very nice game.", "Gives me the experience of how to drive", "game macam setan babiiii", "agak lemut gam nya", "only played one race", "it like fast and furious THANKS", "a rip of asphalt 8 airborne", "just like racen games", "The best game", "such a great game", "it,s so cool", "wasted my data", "super game don't miss", "Good but not too great", "ni game zuri sana sana", "not bad but not interesting", "two thumps up...", "vishal kumar", "thanks kofi", "good. game", "Oxm game", "it isFUN!!!", "the best car racing grame\ud83e\udd29\ud83d\ude0d\ud83e\udd17"], "2048": ["The game is fine but the ads come in at the absolute worst times. I get the need for them but the aim of developer should be too make them the least intrusive", "Have is fine but the ads with noise are not. This is a nice quiet have that \nmakes a lot of noise when the game is over.", "Love this game and I do appreciate this is Free but the amount of ads are \nridiculous. Can't proceed the game without ads...", "Addicting, constantly making you use you math skill and power of observation for stratagy.", "When I play in this game I feel that I don't control situation, but it is \nfun nevertheless", "The unique game, can refresh my brain.., very good", "Love to play. This game Polish my strategy skills", "It's nice and addictive real time single player game \ud83d\udc4d", "It gets boring over time, but it's fun to challenge myself.\ud83d\udc4d", "This is a great game for pattern recognition and addition skills.", "Great app... No much complications save the pop up ads", "Its a nice game do lose time hehehe", "Are waa Ithna accha lagta hai ise Khel kar", "Very creative and mind refreshing game", "I can score 8192 anyone else can do that too?", "Use your brain in the best manner", "Really enjoy this game simple yet fun", "It keeps your head focused, and concentrated.", "i am lying about this review. this game is sucks", "It is very interested game", "Play until it hates", "Wonderful game \ud83e\udd17and i love this game", "Thanks!!!", "Well in mind intelligence", "\u975e\u5e38\u725b\u903c\u7684app", "Twice better than 1024", "Cool math skills", "It's matherialistic", "Great time killer", "BEST For Mind", "Nic addective", "Nice game", "It's good", "\u3059\u3054\u3044\u3002", "Hours and hours of relaxing", "Great game", "Fully good", "Great game", "Refreshes mind", "pretty good game", "Simple yet fun", "Worth the time", "Broadens views", "Great game.", "Very addictive", "its very good for mind", "i did 4096\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e", "fun\ud83d\ude18", "goo", "Skillful", "This a good game", "Is good", "Very interesting", "Nice\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "Enjoyable", "Goooooooood", "Hbb", "ok", "Nice", "Good game.", "Good", "Awsome", "Best", "Brilliant", "nice", "Best", "Nice", "Addictive", "I till didn't like but ya after playing for some days l felt very good", "Get to 2048 by joining the numbers. It's a very simple strategy game that relies on a bit of luck to beat, nevertheless it is entertaining", "I like this game a lot, it's really different, but I'm giving 4 because my high score keeps resetting.", "OMG I love this game. It is very easy to learn and is a great way to pass the time.", "It's so addicting!!!! It's challenging but still enjoyable and I can't stop playing it!", "Its a good game for when you have no internet. all and all it's a good and fun game.", "The best thing about this app is that there are no sh!tty ads. Thanks!", "It's a really good game! Love it :D", "It's a good with a heart to keep you engaged till the last minute...", "It's time consuming so it's ok", "I likedit as it is a good timepass", "Love, downloaded yesterday & can't stop playing!! Great game!!!", "Addictive simple game, just a shame it keeps crashing", "It had good graphics lol", "Can't stop playing it love this game", "No lags. Ok!", "Good game... Absorbing.", "Love this game its addictive", "Thanks for the advt. Free version", "Nice,  easy,  creative game.", "Its really very fantastic game", "Great!\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude1c", "It help to keep paitents", "Very nice,simple, easy to play,addicted", "Tp game ..with improve memory", "I'm really loving it", "Super Good Fantastic", "A-MA-ZING", "I LOVEEEEE ITTTTTTT!!!!!!", "Zerado wins!", "Bad touch sensitivity", "Stimulating, at least!!", "Very good game for spending time", "Good time pass game...", "awesome...", "Good game", "Just Superb!", "I hate it", "This is good", "The AI is great. Please improve it", "Iliked", "\ud83e\udd17\ud83e\udd17", "Y", "I love this game", "No", "Butt", "Addictive", "Like", "zzz", "Its cool", "Excellent game", "Love it", "Tactically explored", "Love it!!", "Interesting", "Goooooooooood", "Good", "It's good", "Enjoy the game", "I like rally like the game but it's kinda boring", "Addictive but unfair sometimes.", "This is a foolish game.I hated it.", "\u05de\u05d5\u05e9\u05dc\u05dd\ud83d\ude05", "Omg this game is so addicting", "It's very hard game & mind game", "Ads disturb a lot", "It's booooring", "BEST GAME EVER!!!!!! IF I COYLD GIVE 9999999999999 STARS I WOULD.", "Great game. Good educational use as well", "I think it's good because it makes you think", "It's ok", "USA 2020", "No words", "Not download", "Smarty game", "I LOVED THIS APP", "I love the game's", "Awesome math game! \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00", "Copy", "I love the game", "Good and recomended.", "nice2", "Nic", "Bekar", "muuhai", "Bagii Bagii", "Chanyeol recommend this", "It is good", "Just cool", "Good"], "Bus Racing 2018": ["control r fine... biggest issue is damage mode is far more cheat...every time u scratch anything it waits to promote a new ad... garbage... kindly fix ..", "It's not Gud bt it's not Boring \ud83d\ude4a I don't know what can I say about it bt it deserve 2 stars.", "Too many ADs..... Not worth it... Waste of time", "only advertisement.. waste game", "worst game ever made", "akash kumar nice gym h", "waste your time", "please improve racing mode", "i have Mo than expirins", "I like this game cause it has the best controlled", "if possible more steering control needed i love it", "waste game pament game", "don't download this games....its not Work....", "sai saree chaithanya", "its easly gane", "mst app h", "no idea", "hsizuz star\\", "good can do better", "nice game wow", "game. is too good", "avoid add", "land bus", "\u09ae\u09bf\u09a1\u09bf\u09af\u09bc\u09be\u09ae \u09ad\u09be\u09b2\u09cb", "dami xa", "it's fantastic", "owsum", "h.veearasa.hveearasa.h.", "Good ranging", "nyc", "Wolfram", "hardik", "wao nice", "nice gemas", "bus", "\u099f\u09a1", "good game", "very very great game", "nice game", "wow", "assistant", "ddj", "pratik", "ggh", "It's nice", "NICE GAME", "very good", "interesting game", "good game", "Good game", "amazing game", "I love it", "nice game", "good", "good", "Good", "best", "Nice", "nice", "nice", "good", "Awesome", "fun", "nice", "good", "good", "good", "Awesome", "Good", "happy", "nice", "game looks good. but too many f******* ads", "nice game but ads make disturbance", "thanks you dear friend I love this game", "Awesome game just add more road please why so many add in online?", "why so ad's", "1 344", "worst game", "i love this game", "kanaka", "fantastic \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4f", "not bad", "I love bus racing", "very good", "super", "junior", "fg", "ramu", "xxxxxxxx", "this game make me happy", "Best game", "asam asam", "Not so bad", "Good\ud83d\udc4d", "Bush", "good", "very tough", "good game", "good", "aaaaaaaaaaa", "best", "good", "on", "good", "wonderful", "totally fake aap dont be download. without purches you cant be play", "a right hand steering is also eccesary right handed players.", "lot of adds very worst app bullshet\ud83d\udc79", "very very very very very very very very bad game waste of time no control for automatically please delete this game", "pls try very good online is also good with other people", "what kasam see jeher hotel ja rahe ho tum yarrrrr", "Very bad game", "Very bad game", "very bad game", "Rana Pratap Singh ji", "this game is very good", "this game is very superb", "\u092c\u0939\u0941\u0924 \u092c\u0915\u0935\u093e\u0938 \u0916\u0947\u0932 ,", "um enslavement l", "please update and new mission and new bus", "Stop the adds", "shubham patel", "uselee game", "Amazing game", "Wrost", "suparrrrr", "mahammad warish", "Phaltu game", "good game", "nice game", "Bad", "noce", "chenaram", "super thrilling game", "ei", "nice", "bad", "Very nice", "very nice", "nice game", "good", "good", "wonderful game i have managed to unlock all the 15 levels i thaught they were very challenging. please add more levels that i can compete with random drivers. bt otherwise its a good game.", "worst graphics,worst gameplay and most of all waste of time.", "this game is very enjoyable...and need more level", "I love this game so much", "nice app MST game", "add front sit camera", "not good game", "very bad \ud83d\ude20", "key dham bhakvas gems", "fantastic game if U play play multiplayer\ud83e\udd17", "very bad game", "Good game.....Love it", "good!!! 0", "very good game", "only ads seen", "bad game", "Good Driving", "nice game", "nice work", "wast game", "best game", "Vikash STAR", "very poor", "just awsomr", "good nice", "blowing fantastic", "good game", "Very good", "nice game", "very bad", "verygood", "ok", "nice game", "sahil", "Power game", "stdu", "bad", "bh", "mst", "i liked it", "good", "bad", "jakasss", "Good", "nice", "nice", "nice", "good", "good", "good", "good", "good", "great", "it is very worest experience because it is dealing with real money and also not showing appropriate way to play the game", "bakbas game ise download karke time waste hota hai", "Bad don't download this app is not good for you", "bad game contain many adds", "Wow a Amazing game for ever I have played"], "my KONAMI Slots - Free Vegas Casino Slot Machines": ["Enjoy all the featuresi have had to uninstall and reinstall the game 3 times in a few weeks. it wont let me collect the 5 points except once a day. very annoyng. i am going to have to uninstall now and reinstall for it to bring the games up. thats rediculous", "Another bad update, that does nothing to solve problems of multiple pop ups, slow loading time, etc. Missing HEART icons to denote favorites. Missing a way to get back to GAMES. etc Description above is outdated. It says \"hourly bonus chips\", but I've never seen this. Was free chips every 4 hours, b...Full Review", "At the beggining it was fun but now I am bored the free games are to far apart and if u do get free games the payouts are to little or nothing and now the free chips are taken away pls improve the payouts or I will have to find better slots to l play witch I don't want to do cause I love these games...Full Review", "Why must downloading each game take me to it and make me go through seeing repeated ads every single time and waiting for loading just to go back home? Wow this is way too much now. please stop.", "Love playing, would like more free spins. \ud83c\udfb6 Thank you for listening. Cheers. Well maybe I got it wrong. opened a couple of times now stopped again. No trouble with my other games.????????? Still waiting. You update the game and no-one can open it. Starting to get !!!!!!!!! off. Why did you stuff up...Full Review", "Don't ever buy chips on here. I've purchased chips 2x and ever since then I can't get a bonus, cuz they obviously want me to purchase more. Sad, I really only played this one too. Oh well, on to the next!", "1 star because I can't grade it any lower! GREAT GAMES BUT PAYOUTS REALLY SUCK!!! Payouts continue to be horrible. That's why I don't buy any chips!!!", "I Like the machines they have. They give them chips to play with. Thanks my KONAMY Slots...\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\ude18", "Annoying, had to uninstall, tries to get you to purchase tokens for real money and makes it hard to get out of that screen. this seems to pop up as much as it lets you play the game, makes the company look very desperate...", "When trying to send gifts, the game crashes and restarts.", "This app sucks more infuriating than fun. Dont buy chips you will never win again", "I don't like the new design.", "Program is not working no game will play l want my money back", "you have way too many pop ups they are vert irritating", "okay so far, gives you more red coins than myvegas", "love the app great games very addiction plus i earn free stuff", "Good. Except on my laptop the game keeps telling me \"site is full\" and logs me out", "you can really use the points at the casinos listed", "addicting ..ads are irritating", "after the update, i couldnt get past the loading page.", "since the update app wont load", "awsome just like the real thing", "How to get the 100,00,00 free chips", "Better of the 3 Vegas Slots game love them ALL", "Fun time!! Love the wide variety of games, and the new graphics are amazing!!", "Keeps you occupied", "free chips more", "loving the new look guys!! Keep up the good work!!", "love the the app it something i play to pass by time.", "fun game. lots of options for games. good time. \ud83d\udc4d", "Love it! Waiting for Treasure Voyage!", "Fun games! Great prizes too!!", "Love the variety. Great games.", "HARD TO RESTART ???", "Love this game its great", "good graphics and regular pays", "Excellent games to play and enjoy", "awesome game people \ud83d\udc4f", "fun slot game.", "Love the Differant Styles", "the games are sooooo fun", "yo", "good game \ud83d\ude04", "\ud83d\ude0a", "great time", "great games", "games are fun", "i love this game", "fun game", "great game", "addictive and fun", "begging", "madness", "Great", "cool", "love it", "fun", "good", "kool", "fun", "goood", "fun", "good", "fun fun fun", "This free slot game was my favorite, but like real casinos the games are much tighter now. I think they want you to buy coins to play with. Now I collect for a few days to gain 5 million and loose it within minutes. I have 3 tickets, level 744, over a million loyalty points and not enough money to p...Full Review", "I love to play the games that you have but unless I play on my tablet the opening of the site takes forever with several screens that say wait or restart. I have to click wait many times until the site opens. Once opened it takes a while to collect my gifts and credits because of the same reasons. O...Full Review", "I love the games, it's what I play at the real casinos, IT Doesn't hit anything much. And if it does hit a bonus. It takes all the credit back right away. Lighten up, it's a game not the real casino. I Just had 8,000.000 credits I've saved to play with because you say say if you bet higher your chan...Full Review", "Literally every time you don't have as many chips left as your previous bet, instead of just lowering your bet amount, it brings up a \"Buy Chips\" page. You will see this page 5 times when you load the app, and multiple times when actually playing. More time spent exiting promotional offers than any ...Full Review", "Really dont understand the pay to play complaints. Ive been grabing the hourly bonuses free tokens,the bonus spin bonuses free tokens(using daily free chips from Nami in Casino mail) ,the daily challanges bonus free tokens,and email bonuses tokens and using them to play the slot I like ( the sleepin...Full Review", "Great fun game, but I get tired of uninstalling and re-installing every day due to loading issues. update...loading issues resolved. Still giving 2 stars because of all the pop ups wanting you to buy chips. It's annoying to have to close them all. If I want to buy chips, I know where to go. STOP all...Full Review", "ALOT of ads, BUT.... once you can get past clicking out of the 5 screens of buy chips, it is a great game to have added to my MyVegas games. this is one of the easier games to gather rewards points quite quickly! I've been saving up and earning as many as I can for my Vegas wedding 02-02-2020! all o...Full Review", "Please explain JACKPOTS, appear in the middle of games, 5 and not 6. WASTED SPACE! JOLLY NUISANCE, THEY NEVER PAY ANYTHING! NOT ENOUGH FUN FOR OUR HARD EARNED DOLLAR! NOT AT ALL HAPPY! PLEASE LOOK AFTER US! THANKYOU!", "When you collect chips everyday and save up over a 100 million And within 5 minutes it's gone in you only win 20 million. Your slots need to hit more and pay out more . Really considering just stop playing this game. Getting sick of logging into the app every 2 hours to get the coins Then do that fo...Full Review", "Whats Wrong with the program i have to uninstall every couple of days and reinstall for the games to work..... I like the games... But the bonuses kinda suck... I'm up over level 120 and stilll get the same bonus as when i downloaded the app... Give some incentive to play besides the vegas points th...Full Review", "I've had this piece of \ud83d\udca9 game for a couple of years and have leveled up very high and it still won't pay out. I have no idea why I still play it. I'm currently at a 120+ day play streak and still can't win more than a few spins worth of chips. Terrible customer satisfaction rating. 8/26/2018: 203 s...Full Review", "Your bonus is now every 2 hours...but not in tickets but a few coins to play! You cannot win with just these few coins. Getting the tickets every 4 hours you collected more coins to play and had a better chance to win and continue playing. No one wants to pay real money for fake coins to win fake co...Full Review", "overall the games are a bit glitchy which would be tolerab you'd provide more free coin options considering your min bets are considerably high compared to ur extremely low/if any payouts from your games. basically the average player is forced to spend real cash for in-app purchases of fake cash. Al...Full Review", "In the past the hourly bonus was 10 tickets, and now it's changed to 5 tickets. Also when you completed a challenge they would credit your account with coins or tickets. Now all they give you are coins. I'm waiting for when they give me tickets to complete a challenge.", "i love playing the games. i love the rewards. stop with to many sales adds for fake chips.... i get it that you want people to spend money on fake coins. just let people have fun. trust me i always do at your casino games. that's why i just play the other my casino games and ignore your ads now. i l...Full Review", "Stop with the purchase pops up please! Everytime I go to a different game... Pop ups... Purchase $$$... CONNECTING TO THE STORE. More pop ups to purchase than pay offs/bonuses! Very annoying. Like the games, but frustrating to play; trying to navigate slow... Why? PLEASE STOP!!!", "Game awesome. Game not updating when free credits comes. It's like in a loop. When you select to see movie, it goes away, not updating and free credit comes up again (in a loop). Help. Still having issues with the free credits. Press the watch video, ends no credits and back in a loop. it actually d...Full Review", "they changed the redemption rewards. you now must stay 2 nights at the property to redeem ypur \"rewards\"!! its no wonder mgm is laying off thousands of employees and their stocks have dropped 25%!! keep raising those resort fees!! we will gamble our thousands when we are there for our wedding anywhe...Full Review", "I used to love the game started messing up freezing up then when you do go back and put it your phone you lose all your credits and everything, you start from scratch.", "Games way too tight! Not one bonus after 300 spins. Games looked fun but, not fun to just watch reels spin and coin amount decrease. Not going to pay for coins if no bonuses or other special features within reasonable amount of spins. Deleted.", "Uses shady tactics to get people to make a purchase. Clicking anywhere but the \"Miss Out\" button on advertisements brings up a prompt to complete a purchase. This game was super fun a couple years back but went downhill quick after they removed hourly ticket awards and replaced it with chips. The pa...Full Review", "Not fun anymore. Wins are minor with free spins rare. Anyone ever won a progressive jackpot? Think these are fake. If you want people to continue to play, at least make it interesting and keep people enticed. Constant losing doesn't do this..", "This game is a rip off 400million coins and i have not got any bonus or any return back its just taking the coins on china shores. im betting 900,000 the whole time and not 1 bonus", "I love your games, but the challenges would be nicer if u had enough coins to play them. It's not very easy to get or keep coins. Maybe I will change rating after I can play more. \ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18", "So this game is great! Downfall is as soon as you pay for coins you don't get the spins or winnings as I've done before. I've actually had this on a few devices and last night was the 1st time I paid and I spent $10 for an ok amount of coins. I wish the play was like before I paid.", "I love this game I just wish there would not have been so many changes, especially changes that do not benefit the player. Less bonuses less free tickets, less on the daily wheel and much less on the cat spins. Weak! I want my old Konami back!!!", "game sucks, definitely a pay to play....odds of winning are the worst I have ever seen. First day of play even with bonus coins never hit a winning slot and lost all. Why would you buy anything from a game that cheats you in to buying on your first day.....TIME TO DELETE!", "I think you people suck as do your payouts on games and bonuses if you ever go to a bonus.I have over 500 spins and not gone to a bonus. Clearly this app is after your money I want to break my tablet. Not a whole lot of fun. Dont buy chips you will never win again. Supposed to get 2x my bonus when I...Full Review", "has not worked in 2 days. i cant get the games to populate the screen. I have reinstalled, turned device off several times. nothing works. sti no games to play", "Slots are absurdly tight. Total money grab attempt by devs. Cool to see actual vegas slots in an app, but fun is quickly gone once your coins disappear at a blink of an eye. Takes a alot of money to get bonus. once you do payout is pathetic. Avoid this app.", "Horrible app. Keeps increasing minimum bets while decreasing amonts of free play. also takes up too much space on phone. will be deleting", "Is fun but if you keep playing and go higher on your bet they won't let you win Konami just want your money and constantly they keep asking you to buy more and more is annoying. BE CAREFUL is addictive and easy to loose money", "my experience with this product is absolutely the worst!! updates all the time way too many adds.If this was really Vegas i would never revisit! HORRIBLE...only reason one star is nothing less.last update 12/21.thjs update 12/25.Merry f---ing Xmas \u00a1", "Save yourself the disappointment. Totally bogus play. On a scale of 1-10...minus 100. And watch your chips if you decide not to heed this review... millions disappear magically.", "Love the game just think we could get more coins and chips to play with... Updating because i have been having a few issues with staying signed in will update once a few things has been updated other then that i have been on the fan band wagon.", "I do love this app. But would you PLEASE take away the pop-up that comes up EVERYTIME I change games or when I'm spinning for coins. If anyone wants to purchase coins they can go to wallet.. Thanks, Lisa", "Right in the middle of playing millions of my coins just gone and a pop up comes up saying your out of coins purchase more.So pissed!! How do they just steal your coins like that just to get you to buy more. I love the games but will find some of the games to play that won't steal your coins and cha...Full Review", "My experience with playing games on slot machines was profoundly intriguing. There're times I felt helpless specifically when I wish to purchase a huge amount of coins and unable. I understood. All not imperative, but some are. pursue your goals. Stay in the light. Fun moment overpowered me.", "This App Sucked! It wouldnt even open the game. everytime i would try it would just freeze. I was super upset because i really wanted to play.", "this game jumped my bet to 30 million. I hit spin twice before I realized it. I lost 60\ud83d\ude14. I paid for a package too. I think they should refund me the coins.", "In the middle of playing it took 500 million chips away from me. I was betting 205,000. and had spun about 10 times when a screen popped up and \" out of chips here are some packages to purchase\" I was Facebook connected and I logged out and back In and still chips were gone. gone for no reason. I ha...Full Review", "Your games use to be vary good but now they are one of the worst I've downloaded \ud83e\udd28. You can have millions but within minutes it's gone, how much fun can that be\ud83e\udd14, just looked it up and found out your game app. manipulate y'all's game i will be sure i let all my friends know this! y'all always have...Full Review", "The game(s) are fine and a good way to earn loyalty points. I was randomly unable to play for a month until the 12/18 update solved the issue. Support? 1.5 stars.", "Pls give us more free spins. Harder to get bonuses than in the actual casinos. Love the games anyway. More frequent wins please. I accumulate a few points and then you take them away.", "Used to be pretty good but now there are five or six sales popups just logging on. App hangs and crashes a lot due to poor scripting and too many gimmicks going on", "I play a lot of slot games and this is by far the worst payout app ever. i spent $100 dollars of real money to get chips and never seen a bonus. your lucky to win your bet in a 1000 spins. Its nice that it has my vegas gold and the china shores games but jesus let a person get a bonus within a 1000 ...Full Review", "I play everyday and sometimes even purchase chips, And I've gone at least a week and a 1/2 without hitting a bonus before period when it's hot it's super hot and you can't lose but 9 times out of 10 you cannot win. They know what you're up to and they know you're gonna spend money on chips. Fun but ...Full Review", "use to really like these games but ever since the updates a while ago, each time I want to play the games I have uninstall, then reinstall the whole thing again or it won't load the games. Now I just don't play it as often because it's such a hassel.", "Definately fun to play! However, I can't stand that EVERY time I come in, I have to dismiss TWO separate notifications that take me to the \"store\" to buy chips! I am not buying chips! I will never buy chips! stop asking me! Even if I wanted to spend money on chips that don't return real money to me,...Full Review", "make machine looser, its not like were playing with real money. the more you loosen them up , the more we play.", "Love this game. Can play it on my tablet but still having trouble loading it on my phone. Have to uninstall and reinstall it every time to play on my phone. at least now the reinstall will let it load twice effort having to do it again.", "it's okay. for a slot game with rewards you.think they would.make it more.fun. I'm constantly losing and having to wait for free chips. why would I buy chips if I constantly lose?? and stop being so stingy with the bonuses and free spins for Christ's sake", "great game. i play it so much I divorced my wife and left my kids behind to enjoy the rewards! I'm all about making tomorrow a better day, had to drop the dead weight on my way to the casino.", "I love the old Konami games from my childhood. It's heartwarming to have that nostalgia leveraged for profit, and I am not being sarcastic when I say that. Thanks for developing a truly fun casino app, for there are far too many casino apps that suck.", "Daily bonuses is fixed everyday I spin 21000 no matter what I do how I spin hold the button down swipe it barely touch it long tap it it doesn't matter same result... maybe once a week it will give me something different than 21,000 chips very rarely tickets makes me think the whole game is rigged 2...Full Review", "Terrible win rate. chips gone in a flash. move onto a better game. I've played for awhile, but its time to cut the losses and move on.", "I have not been able to open the app this today. A pop up appears saying to update to new version. However, an update is not available. I've cleared the cache and even uninstalled and reinstalled and the same thing. Samsung Note 5.", "Great games nice graphics But not enough bonus coins to start. Started out ok but dont like the fact that the bonus takes to long to come you run out of coins before a bonus.", "This game is a pay to lose your money with no fun added. VERY SAD THAT SOMEONE MADE THIS VISUALLY APPEALING GAME INTO A GREADY MONEY GRAB.", "typical slot takes all your coins fast. Ievel 19 broke, won't buy coins if I can't alittle.", "very conniving. I figured I was they're doing. I am done with this app. so stupid you guys are not doing the right thing.", "Since the last update it constantly locks up on the red screen. The only way to get by is to uninstall and reinstall the game. It happens at least once a day. Please fix it. it is much better now.", "Terrible app. Wont open. Been trying for weeks. Uninstalled, deleted cache, tried everything. All pop slot apps are garbage, updates do not fix anything. Ive been sending reports for 3 years, no response. 7 pop ups, yes SEVEN pop ups to get you to try and buy coins every time you open the app. If th...Full Review", "I have never seen so many loosing spins in a row. No bonus spins to speak of. The only thing you can win is pop up adds. It's sad because the games are just like the ones at a real casino.", "Game is fun and has a good payout start but after a few decent wins I rarely win and when i do the winnings are minimal. Usually cant play longer than 30-45 mins before my bank is empty and i have to go to another slots app.", "so, you want to know what I think about this app huh? Well, rest assure, If i didnt enjoy playing here, i wouldn't bother wasting my time and energy telling you about an app i didnt enjoy playing, so now you know, and yes I've even spent money here with now problem, it was safe, fast, and easy, now ...Full Review", "game sucks after being inundated with obnoxious ads constantly even if we do not need chips . it has began getting as all of these genre games . I buy chips when I need them but overkill with offers in my face too often...will quit if continues at present rate ..totally obnoxious", "If you didn't have to uninstall and reinstall every other day it would be a better rating hate having to click on the Links for the bonus Chip's. As you don't always get them", "my game will not go thru have to uninstall then reinstall to get Konami to come up was charged for a game never recieved my coins to play ordered one package was charged twice was when game went down can you fix this please thank You.", "it's a fun game wish machines didn't play like real life bonuses should be more frequent and payouts should be higher but still a decent time consumer", "fun game, but never win. now it takes forever to get reward points. i may justbhave to stop playing this game. not worth the time if no reward points are given.", "Although this is my favorite casino game random glitches happen. I had 200 million chips disappear from account and a couple of times I didn't get paid for events I completed.", "been playin this casino game over 2years and it gets better and better best casino app with perks konami game app saves me money when i need to take a vacation thanks for the great deals", "This game is great, but it keeps going off. If you winn something then it seems like a long long time before your winn again, everone is on Facebook", "fantastic , I love all the games at all there game apps , they let you earn rewards for hotel stays and comps for meals but what im going to miss the most is going with my dear friend of 25 yrs to vegas and play at these casinos we had a terrific time playing ang winning and losing it didnt matter i...Full Review", "Hate the latest update. Used to be fun.will remove. too many ads and slots don't pay. the small amt you give is a joke.", "hard to play when u only get 22000 chip run out after 3 minutes of play it's a free game u should be able to loosen it up to keep us playing kind of stupid", "Game hung up and I lost all 574 wins in free spins! Unacceptable you should fix. I won't be playing again.", "horrible customer servuce for iver a week talj to customer dervice lost over 40 million points and over 50 tickets for more points tells me to read faq thete is no faq i then emailed through play store they send me an expired link expired in less than an hour game is goid but i will never buy anythi...Full Review", "very much enjoy the game. wish there were more daily bonuses but the hourly one is ok. just like the benefits given to those who use the app daily as a reward for continued use. but oh well lol. still enjoy it.", "This is a lousy game. You can play for ages and rarely get any wins, if you do get a win it is not very much, so there is no way you can build up your credits. I am just playing until my credits are all gone, which will not take very long, and then I will uninstall this game and find another game th...Full Review", "this app promises tons of opportunity to make your next trip to Vegas a great one by playing the standard games you can eventually get gold coins what you can trade in 4 Rewards from two-for-one specials to 25% off 2 having a night free on the strip it's an amazing way to explore the casino without ...Full Review", "Konami has great games. What you see in the casino you see in the online games. Right now I'm in the money. Sometimes you raise up and it's gone before you know it. That's gambling.", "omg. love it. they have almost all my favorite games that I love to play in the real casino. all they are missing is return of the invaders from planet moolah. but i think that's made by a different company.", "Terrible. This game is just like most real casinos very tight machines and greedy. By the way who's idea was it to up the bets and decrease the payouts? What a rocket scientist or NOT! You made the game so unrealistic. This game is not fun anymore.", "You don't know how many times I had to delete and install this app it sucks and I'm being very honest and I don't say that much about games I play on my cell phone or even on my computer never again they're going to get in touch with their tech support", "lots of fun! HOWEVER, PLEASE LET THERE BE A WAY MAYBE TO WATCH ADS FOR CHIPS. I don't want to stop playing this game and go to another one for chips.", "fun but I am broke haven't esten in three dsys just wish I had some money not a gambler but bored sitting at dailysis with my son who needs funds sent to Facenook GO Fund me please help BarbaraBrice Coon for son Roscoe Coon needs kidney & Liver transplant soon at eighty years old have nothing any mo...Full Review", "Fun game and can win cool rewards. My only complaint is way too many pop up ads for buying coins etc.", "great game, love the fact that i'm earning real comps that I can use in Vegas and other state casinos, for rooms, food and entertainment, can't wait to use my comps earned on my first trip to Vegas", "Great perks. But what I'm trying to understand is why some users of the MyVegas app series get better rewards or more rewards redemption then others. I've made some in-app purchases while other users I know, that never made in-app purchases, get rewards that I don't see in my app. Doesn't seem fair....Full Review", "Not worth it buying coins, they only last 5 minutes. Did it 3 times trying to given the app an opportunity but yhe chips went fast. Sadly because they have good games for real casinos. Other than that games are nice but not winnings.", "i luv the gam its fun and never gets boring also its not one of those low budget games where u say to urself wat the f@$k!!", "Totally a riot to play. it gets ya excited and pisses ya off where ya wanna thto your phone. important to tell ursrlf its just a game. lil", "the games are all really slow each time they spin..soooo frustrated!! Graphics and bonus games are great though!!", "great to play but you need to be tied on your free rewards.also stop letting people win.have played other games that give 10,00 0000 million points.you are not going to lose money believe me.\ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude25", "Good play value, fun slots. They take care of their players.\u263a Fun daily challenges. Would recommended this casino site to everyone who loves casino sites.\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a", "the reason for low stars is because you choose to advertise on \"Lucktstics\" app, and it is one of the crookedest apps there are. you think someone there would research where your add money is going. I fo really enjoy playing Konami slots though. stop advertising with Lucktastic and ill change to 5 s...Full Review", "fun games would have gave it a 5 star, however any time you leave a game even if you just made a purchase, it has two pop ups to buy more coins, very annoying!!!", "it's fun to play and I play the other games to earn rewards for when I finally get to go to Vegas! I know you can use it while your there and I simply can't wait!", "Awesome game with great graphics and great performance performance performance across android versions and device and the rewards are real world that you can actually use try them and you will see the that you are getting great what you want out of this game. \ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\"PROFOUND JACKAL\"\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e", "I was surprised to the variety of not only the unique slots available to play but the bonus and loyalty comps. Well done!!", "Good fun casino game, however if you had adventure slot games (this being Konami) castlevania slots would be cool.", "I love this game! this is the one. I play it everyday, & every chance I get. keep up the gd wrk go all the the staff members. 5 stars most definitely.", "Not fun. You will lose 99 percent of the time. No matter how many chips you have. You will rarely see any of the bonus rounds. Don't buy anything from them. You will lose any chips you have within one minute.", "awesome winnings on some wonderful slots. entertained from beginning to end. I hope they adjust some of the machines to give better payouts and chances to win big bonuses.", "I've enjoyed the time I've spent playing the game but recently when trying to play the game it will not open for me? It causes me to lose valuable time bonuses to help me continue to meet my challenges.", "I really enjoy this game a lot. I do wish that the hourly bonuses gave more coins to build up enough points to play more often. fun game though. I play every day.", "too many interruptions, hard to win. bought coins, had 380 million   credits and they just disappeared, didn't even get a refund. was a Konami fan but that is changing.", "So far so good well i played for a while and i like their game.more relaxing then alot of other sites.i play almost every daythe best relaxing slot ive ever playedthank you konami", "FUN, FUN, FUN, what else can one say when all you can do is have FUN, great GAMES, WINS....... best of fhe best. THANK-YOU for having all these great games for our entertainment needs.", "game would be better if you can come win a good pay out once in a while, it's very hard to win a jack pot.", "Probably one of the worst games i've ever played , free games are non-existant . Your programmers should be ashamed of themselves !!! Thanks for taking all the fun out of playing your games !!!", "i like the games and like the free coins daily but most bonuses are hard to get. I've never gotten the bonuses on some games. when it pays its great", "just started playing. so far all good. games sound like the KONAMI Slots in the Casino. will post more after I play other games.", "Strongly dislike when you are in a tournament and bonus chips pop up and take away from your game. They should really wait until competition is over. Very discouraging.", "very frustrating I have to keep reinstalling the game to play. the new update didn't work to debug as you stated. It doesn't give enough incentive to keep playing.", "I am very happy with the myKonmi and other apps like Slotomania, My Vegas and others in this Collection, so my rating is very high..... RonC \ud83d\ude01", "Bunch of begging ass mother f#ckers. Every 2 seconds there's a pop-up of these bums begging you for cash. They cheat you on the bonuses, paying out the least amount possible. If you do get anything more than the lowest amount, its very rare. DO NOT spend any money on this app. You will be sorry you ...Full Review", "Games Are fun But Very limited Also they keep bugging you to Bump Up your Bet So You'll lose Your $$$$ Faster. don't like that on Any of the Gaming Sites!! Really Really Hard To Get Bonus & Limited Games Until You Play Over Length of Time ? Makes It Sorta Boring.", "i love it to death!, but Everytime im low on chips..bloody store keeps comming up...i know how to count yo!!its annoying..please fix it..thank you", "endless casino fun, at no cost!! months later when im in the real casino, i have an added edge... cause I've been training on the games casinos use!!! \ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01", "These are the best slot experience. The game play and graphics are fabulous! Not to mention the perks! Thanks Konami :0)", "Good games, but TERRIBLE payouts!! Definitely pass on this one. (updated 1-2-19, payouts are still awful!!)", "love the games, but i should i have to sign up with Facebook to get better rewards and real rewards benefits.I dont do social media", "coins went fast ...they do not give enough free coins to start with or enough on the bonus collect coins ...overall play is very good...some delay in totaling wins to total credit...lots of fun...need longer playing for amount of coins", "I'm a retiree and when I can't sleep I'm on my tablet playing and enjoying the different games. I'm hooked on them. Yea yea. Love playing at night", "I love these games. Run out of coins so can not play as much as I would like!", "your spinning real is faulty and ive spun up 5mil and didnt get the 5 mil x2", "dont get much money for collecting every two hours and dont get many tickets so hard to play anything", "overall this game is like the rest, ie play more -win more...nothing is further than the truth, I played around 2 million points over an hour or so and lost everything....garbage game.", "Too many pop-ups and not enough jackpots. Less pop-ups and and more freespins eqauls more fun.", "it's fun I love it haven't learned how to win the money that they say you win real cash but I love playing the game", "Having fun new to the games. Bonuses are great and has awesome graphics. I will tell my friends furrrr sure", "used to win more... i even bought chips many times, but keep loosing. its a shame because the games are good but can't win", "good games haven't been getting a lot of bonuses for what you spend you don't forget a lot back in return but it's a good game"], "Card Counter": ["I can count to potato.  I love this app. I am not a counter or anything but I reckon this is possibly the best app u could use if u wanted to become one. No nonsense & very well designed for anyone interested in learning to count. I have found this the only one to really enhance my skills & it makes...Full Review", "The game tutorial with the card counting math is incorrect. There were several answers I know for a fact were correct. Please fix that glitch. Until then I'm getting a refund.", "G great app if you know how to count cards this is a good one you can get easy with the still faster than the tables go to medium and then go to hard God bless you if you can do hard great app", "I like this a lot! I'm good at playing black jack and usually have a good idea what's going on in a black jack game but card counter has made it very easy to keep a good running count and makes it easy to win", "This game will change my homelessness", "This is a great app to start counting and also for experts", "Very fun way to practice counting.", "Great game to practice!", "very pleased and it's well worth purchasing for training purposes.", "perfect", "Problem with GUI if count goes higher than 52 or below -52. Paddle selectors will not select past this range so if the count is 55 you are penalised because the max you can enter is 52.  On the positive you can customized your own  counting method as I have done.  Also the don't check ruse comments ...Full Review", "I've finally found a card counting app that not just simulates a \"flash card\" counting practice, but incorporates the counting system I use.  Also, the variations in how the cards are dealt at each level can help mimic distractions in the same way real distractions will occur at the table.  Love it!", "Great and easy app to use and learn the art of card counting. BUT, keep in mind it's only that, CARD COUNTING. It does not teach you how to play blackjack, use basic strategy, or use money management. It's main focus is just on card counting and if you practice and master the expert level it will tr...Full Review", "Even if you don't intend to play black jack this is an excellent brain workout. It starts off easy and progressively gets more difficult. Great application.", "Great app.  Really good for learning how to keep a running count in your head.  Might be nice if there was a combination of counting and simulated gameplay, but that's a minor complaint, I guess.", "It works well and is helping me learn quickly. I feel it forces you to \ncount faster than you would at a table so you will be on point. I really \nwish there was an option to have it consistently deal like at a real table \nafter you have practiced several rounds. All in all I think it's a valuable \nt...Full Review", "Awesome app. took me about 15 weeks to get from easy to 9 out of 10 on expert level\ud83d\udc4d", "A great way to learn a dead art form , that can no longer be applied to casino blackjack", "Awesome way to have on the go training. Will increase your speed at counting better than trying to deal to yourself.", "A great tool when your on the go and need to practice. I play this app everywhere at sports practices, resturaunts, toilet you name it I've played it.", "Great! Just Annoying and insecure by how much they ask for a rating", "Good mixed presentation of cards. Improves ability to count when situation \nchanges beyond the typical rythm.", "I love it....just need to practice more...should pay for itself...that's a gambler talking", "The best.. im raping casinos", "Perfect app to practice card counting!", "it is a good app for those begi count.  good for practice.", "Does exactly as it says. Great app.", "Fantastic. Love that it offers so many systems and we even customize the count across the entire game play.", "Great app for practice", "I loves it!!!", "Great app!", "Great app", "Very helpful", "Awesome", "Paid for the adless version and all it does is crash on my tablet...HP7 Mesquite...Android 4.1.2  - as it is, it is useless...", "Definitely challenging... would like to see time controls.", "Does exactly what its suppose to do.  And,  that's counting cards", "Simple and helps you with repetition.", "Great counting excercises", "It's a great app for practicing and can really improve your skills fast. Only thing that bothers me is the screen not rotating the opposite way.", "I own several blackjack training apps and this is by far the most fun and best. It lets you pick  whatever system you want to learn . One thing to note though this app only teaches card counting. If you want to learn basic strategy you need to use different app.", "This app is very good for learning to count cArds, overall it's not too bad until expert, expert hand 10/10 required you to quickly memorize 40 cards and keep count this will take a lot of practice, other than that not bad", "Definitely helps with your ability to process information faster along with accuracy. A cheaper alternative to software and you can practice wherever you go", "Great App. Challenging and informative. Only way to improve the app is add an ability to play blackjack and count at the same time", "Best card counting app ive ever played.  Fun and challenging", "Loved the app", "Galaxy tab pro 10.1", "simply perfect for practice and fun", "Good app.", "All you need to get started in card counting. This game has been awsome for improving  my overall speed. It's  a  must have for all black jack  beginner's.", "It's pretty good, just insanely hard. If you can make it to the last level then you have completely mastered card counting. I do wish that there was a way to input your name so that the newspaper doesn't say \"player\".", "I've been practicing card counting and this just makes it so much simpler", "Not bad although it would be nice if the easy to hard games randomized. Its the same card dealing everytime.", "Fun. Changed settings to custom values", "Awesome", "Fun easy way to get paid."], "Farm Fruit Pop: Party Time": ["they let you watch 30sec videos to get extra prizes and then you get no extra prizes ... its stupid the amount of ads in the game too and sometimes between levels it 30 seconds of ads!", "very bad experienced! ads are lways popping up and the worst is even if i am in the middle of the game ada are always popping up!!!!very annoying!!!!", "I like this game very much. It goes fast but can be a challenge. when I need help who do I ask.?", "Getting your free booster after watching 30 second ad doesn't work.", "the game is good but some levels are horrible and very difficult to solve many times when i try do something sometimes it does not happen but the idea of the game is good", "Bagus, tp tolong tambah fiture save account biar ga ulang dr awal kalo abis kehapus. Saya udh level 350", "i can stop playing waiting til the next level.", "actually its funny and refreshing, but the commercial ads little bit annoy ehe ^^V", "so much for your time and consideration and have a good day today at work today but I can I am not going join us too funny \ud83d\ude36\ud83d\ude36\ud83d\ude36\ud83d\ude44\ud83c\udf81\ud83c\udf81\ud83c\udf81\ud83c\udf81\ud83c\udf81\ud83c\udf81\ud83c\udf81", "I love this game so much.. it makes me feel happy", "its. a. good. game. it's a good game and I'm not used to it right now thank you goodbye", "love this game coz all the time i get sad i play it", "i love this gamr im in level 335 does this have an end or not??", "don't understand what i am to achieve no guideance just press patterns", "Challenging me. love it \ud83d\udc4d Trutly the ads really annoy me, please fix it. thanks", "I like this game it keeps me thinking how to bear a lot of them", "i most say that this game is very wonderful", "not working properly", "Enjoyable for all ages...", "I like this game", "it's a good game.", "good game when you're bored", "very good game", "exciting& excoting & chalenging", "nice game.", "stress relieving game.", "very funny and friendly. love it", "too much adverts adverts", "I like this game", "not good", "gu d", "nic game", "not bad.....ok", "when i am playing this game i fell great.", "nice game", "Time pass", "enjoyed playing and exciting", "great game", "cool game", "ok", "it's a very cool game.....!", "very nice game i love it", "The game is very good", "Lavet", "thnks", "fun game", "super", "good game xx", "good and enjoying it", "great experience", "fun and enjoyable \ud83e\udd23", "ysg", "good", "so nice", "very nice", "Good Game", "amazing", "good app", "pretty good", "excellent game", "good try", "love it", "boring", "exceptional", "Fun", "good", "\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf1f\ud83c\udf20\ud83c\udf20\ud83c\udf20\ud83c\udf20", "fun", "enjoy", "fine", "interesting", "entertaining", "nice", "good", "nice", "Good", "good", "superb", "exciting", "lovely", "nice", "after watched video i dont get my free booster....pls do something...", "Very nice game", "beautiful", "great", "Love it", "The ads are very annoying, but it's to be expected for a free game. This is a really fun game otherwise.", "One of my favorite games to play with my family and friends. I recommend it to everyone who loves a good challenge. \ud83d\ude4c\ud83d\udc6a\ud83d\udc65. And a few \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f.", "the number of ads displayed when mobile data is on is annoying.", "\u0643\u062a\u064a\u064a\u064a\u064a\u0631 \u0646\u0627\u064a\u0633 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u0628\u0633 \u0643\u064a\u0641 \u0628\u062f\u064a \u0627\u0631\u062c\u0639 \u0627\u062c\u0645\u0639 \u0645\u0633\u0627\u0639\u062f\u0627\u062a", "i really enjoy it. Relaxing!!", "like to play this game to relax a bit before going to bed...", "It's just great.", "lots of fun, thank you!", "This game is awesome.", "best game ever......i like it", "verry naice gem", "loving this game,\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18", "its okay", "cool game", "good game", "nice game", "Nice game", "fun", "nice", "wonderful", "best", "love the game", "It's monoton game doesn't give any new encouragement and no change in graphics same from first level and continues. We don't feel any advancement or enthusiasm while playing it. Other games in same category are old but still higher levels", "It is a challenging game and it's great that you do not have to pay money for powerups, boosters, Etc. But you have to wait before you watch the ads to get more. Some levels are impossible to beat without boosters and you can run out too quickly. Uninstalled.", "Really nice match 3 game, but a couple of things would improve it, firstly a warning that you have only 5 lives left, secondly I'm not happy when I win on the last move, and it says I've lost. Other than that it's an awesome game", "I really love ths game, but, I am so aggravated by all the ads that I'm going to uninstall this. Just when you get ready to play, an ad will pop up in the middle of the game. Too bad this happens. Otherwise, I would rate this game 5+ stars.", "Very good and mind relaxing game.... If I'm in any confusion I will sit down to play one round of this game and after that it like I got idea to overcome my problems... Thank you so much....", "not what i expected but it's great except for one thing.ther is a level that i cannot finish n its hard.its my first time to say that a level of a game is hard.they do not give me enough moves!please fix this!and fast!!!!!", "Too many adverts, once in a while is OK but this thing is like every 5min. Very distracting.", "I really like this game, it calms my mind when I get upset about certain things.. It really helps me a lot, I truely like this game..", "I think a little bit ok for me cause i can't see my pic when i play", "Helps me relax but too much add. Reduce add and its da bomb", "Easy to play, time killer and relaxes me. No more stress, i avoid thinking too much by playing this.", "games nya terlalu banyak iklan, dan iklan nya rata rata loan. dan setiap menang permainan muncul iklan. Sangat tidak suka tidak enak main games seperti itu terlalu banyak iklan", "Farm fruit pop party time it is fun to play I really like this game I give it more than five stars I give it ten star's", "I like everything about the game because its keep me busy an makes me happy when I play it", "To many ads. And it throws you off", "Ok game but way to many apps, after each game.", "certain levels is difficult for grannies, could you simplify a bit from level 4?", "I like the fruit pop:party time but sometimes no play stand by or stuck", "I hate this game, too many ads, I am going to delete it", "WOW!!! Can't stop playing this game...The graphics and game play are AEWSOME!! I am HOOKED!!!", "I am uninstalling because of vulgar ads that come in between. Fools.", "Nice game but cannot log in Facebook to share our passing levels.", "Too many repeats in upper levels..boring..but game is bright big and easy to see..", "\ud83d\ude4c\ud83c\udfc6\ud83d\udc96 Love Farm Fruit Pop Party Time. So much fun \ud83d\udc96\ud83d\ude4c\ud83c\udf89\ud83d\udcaf\ud83c\udfc6", "love the game but there's too many ads going to delete such a shame", "stupid game, stuck on one stage game makes sure I lose, uninstalling right now", "game is good but lot of advertisements in between the game which irritates and shows off the interest", "it's boring because the ads keep disturbing the game.", "good for little children to learn co- ordination and colors", "Very slow loading always hang", "Well how can I put this, ( challenging)", "It's a fun way to use mind skills.", "makes me really think which move should i take to finish every level.", "It's a great game If you like a challenge", "It's a nice game I enjoy especially when I'm bored", "I like this game make me fun", "It is a stress free game and really nice", "This game helps u relax and unwind", "The game is awesome and very addictive. I like it", "This game is very relaxing. I enjoy it.", "It's a very fun game to play.", "Fantastic to play such game at leisure time", "I Love it it's something different to play", "It's fun to play and a good game", "I love playing this game :D", "It makes me happy and out of stress", "I want classic matching, I can't play this game.", "It's a great game love it", "Everything is good, except those annoying ad....", "this game make me to happy nice game amazzing game., thank you for the game", "I think that two or more people can play this game", "Wonderful game play, l present love it", "Some time it hard to get them all but i like it", "want to see the stars in the stages completed to maybe replay the ones without 3 stars.", "Nice game, I love it.", "Keeps me occupied and I love it", "Stop putting adverts while I am playing the game", "Five star game. Easy to use.", "Great way of engaging you to think", "I absolutely love this game.\ud83d\ude03", "Very bad game auseless", "I really like this game .it's entertaining and fun.", "Makes you think hard. I love it", "Difficulty just right to keep interest in playing.", "It s fun two play", "This is an exciting game. It's also very relaxing.", "game is good.. but in d last moment of many level if i win d level they show that i hv lost it..", "Give more difficult task", "So lovely keep trying ur best", "It help me wen I'm stressed ilike like it", "Definitely a stress buster..\ud83d\ude00", "So easy to play. \ud83d\ude0a", "Just downloaded the game now didn't play yet", "Entertainingly Just very entertaining", "I think its fun", "Good game n relx", "Love farm fruit pop", "It should keep continue don't stop", "me olvido de muchas cosas cuando juego", "I think that this game is wonderful", "l like this game because it keeps my mind working when l am alone.", "Fun and very addictive.", "Very relaxing at times and exciting at the same time.", "I love the game..", "Too many ads!", "Really like this game highly recommend this game", "im still new on the game", "I need more prizes and the ads are never ready", "Its very ingesting", "Nice and awesome game", "Boring having to wait", "Its a nice game i love it"], "My Talking Tom": ["The series is pretty good \ud83d\udc4cbut it has LOTS of adds I think you should tone down the adds to getting a prize also can you make a my talking Ben,My talking Perrie,my talking ginger extra extra plz? also the baby and adult potions should 3 diamonds like the other potions cus it's kinda unfair too have...Full Review", "i don't know what happened to tom but the ads are ridiculous now and it keeps freezing up when u are winning a lot of coins and doing good. so u don't get ur coins or scores. my daughter loves it but gets very frustrated at this. thinking about deleting the app! please fix!", "Clothes & home decor r too costly man. If the prices cant drop give us more \ud83d\udcb0\ud83d\udcb8\ud83d\udcb3 wen we play games or sumting. Also their should b a sperate closet for the things u have already purchased him. & a fat Tom wud b nice as well.", "Tom is SO cute.. That's saying something - I'm a dog lover, don't care to much for cats (pls. cat lovers, I didn't say I don't like you lol) but I do LOVE Tom \ud83d\ude02", "worst app too much Advertisement as in tooo much!! you cant even play a minute or two. my toddler is so pissed off!!!", "I love the games but i was wondering can you put more stuff and make one with twin angelas or twin toms or a baby tom and angela put together like as twins but both of them on one i hope you get what im saying it will make my experince with your games amazing i will be looking forward to it and if y...Full Review", "good game but why the potion is so expensive that need more crystal why coins to buy it. then there is no tub for bath. please change the design. tom 2 is more exellent", "This game is great for all ages, I love it! I like working towards rewards (playing many different games) then you can buy things for your pet.", "Worst game app. Once opened, we can't even exit.. hundreds of advertisements. Don't download this worst game", "this game is so boring all he do is just stand there and look stupid...my talking tom 2 is much better and cuter..if u want people to keep talking tom please make it more intetest..i had to take it out..a waste of time...thanks for making talking tom 2", "It is a great game. I like it very much , it's amazing but sometimes there were ads which I don't like but it is extremely excellent game. I don't need to download any other game as it is already having many games like Tom run, go up and many more... \ud83e\udd17\ud83e\udd17\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18", "wen you spin wheel only get one diamond or food over & Over; get same thing!!! Once A Month would Be nice to get Something other than One wen spin wheel!!", "Its a very very good game but when there is spinning wheel I won only 1 gem and nothing else I use the spin 300 times but the reward never changes . So I rate it only 3 stars. So I request to change this. And nothing else.", "Kids like no interruptions while playing but these adverstisements piss them off with adds every minute..thats a worst thing about the app is advertisements that pop up back to back.. is it made for kids or adults?? to keep skipping the app and play back with same interest. foolishness or heights of...Full Review", "the number of adverts is horrendous. i spend more time to close them than actually my child plays.", "I Like the game but i want it to change like a lot not ever month it has a little diffrents like the pumpkin and the pig and the pic when you press the game I want to delete it but i like it when he gets fat after he eats and my cousin likes to play the game and she ask me if she can play on my phon...Full Review", "talking tom is a safe game for children and adults for all ages and it is a very good game to play when you are bored and have nothing to do with your day and there are also games linked to it like talking angela,ben,hank,percy and gingerwhich are also very good games as well so make sure that you d...Full Review", "i like this game but i wasn't the girl who downloaded it. and this game has bad graphics. which made me think of the first time i played this app. when i saw it on my phone, i was like \"oh, who downloaded this app?\" did a ghost get on my phone and downloaded the app? \ud83d\udc7b? or was it my brain playing t...Full Review", "I think it is realy good for a young person younger than me likes it. I even likemit and I did not play it for it for a while but now I want to play it and I thinknit has been around for a while becuase I played it ever sence I was about 6 that is my saying.", "a game for time pass and by playing this game we can waste the time also but so much of funny i don't know who is introduced the but time pass game thank you for giving this opportunity to give feed back for this game iam rating five stars for this game so thankyou i love this game so if any google ...Full Review", "This app is so fun, but its so boring because ALL THE ADVERTISEMEMTS! I can barely move around without one.", "it's owesome to play this game. l really enjoy playing this. but the only thing is that the Tom looses it's energy soon. thats what the thing that make me to discontinue this game. or else this is the most enjoyable game.", "Its the most awesomest, most funniest game in the world. Sometimes I play it for hours and hours. The best thing about this game is that it has no glitchs, and very few ads.", "would give bwtter rating but on add from aeropostle keeps messing up .It has been that way for a while.Since the add doesnt finish you dont get crwdit for watching it.Fix this please.", "its cool and uh um I don't know what to say lol I like cats and dogs but I like cats a tiny bit more (please forgive me dog loves)", "this game is so boring this is not a awsome game but it is a good game i like the game i want more free food and many mini games this is a good game but i need more improfment nice game and great time killer", "so many damn ads my daughger can barely play with out coming to me every 10 seconds asking to remove the add", "toooooo many Ads my son drives me crazy when he sees these ads there's for I m going to uninstall it", "love you too baby girl and I love you too baby girl and I love you too baby girl and I love you too for the day and time works for you and I'll make sure to get the kids to the park and ride at the end of the day I was in the shower and then I'll be home to get my stuff together and head to the airp...Full Review", "I love Tom it's the best game you would ever have the fun and excitement is just the best. The way I love Tom I even play it at midnight. So if I were u I would download it.", "It's fun, but I can't seem to figure out how to record a video. I don't have the record option. Is it only iPhones that can record? Please help.", "its a fun game i could play it all day but if you play the games you will play like 4 or so games and he tierd and there is not a lot of adds and not to short adds right in the middle but my 5 year old grand kid loves it it makes him giggle a little", "i love this game \u2764\ufe0f This is amazing game i have ever play \ud83d\ude0d My younger sister also like this game \ud83e\udd29And we both sisters like this game and InshaAllah we will ever continue this game.\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f", "good but not great my talking tom 2 is amazing that games are challenging,this edition 1 is just boring , I don't like this\ud83d\ude11", "l am so happy to download the game and I like it...The game is very nice and my pet's name is raja,tojo.\u263a\ufe0f", "I used to love this app but lately the bonuses (like birthdays) aren't working. Please fix this! ** BONUSES STILL NOT WORKING, UNINSTALL! **", "Well, this game is great and suitable for everyone but after. you finish the food and games and bathing it actually bores you and there's no other thing to do , otherwise it's a great game!!!!!", "l like it geyrkfdhxeitushusuhuaqhg djduuhauciushdwuudyge use hehehehe ueu utt yg it gud evening sir r you sooooo times but I u don't have any thoughts or ideas from me for me to plz mujsay I am so cute in the pic I sent you what else is going on and I don't know how to plz explain it e but ue u r th...Full Review", "awwwmazing it is just so adorable and cute and sweet and kind and cuddlee and smart I can definitely say this app is definitely awesome I could describe him in more ways if I wanted to ! I am So thankful for this app", "its good but it is annoying when it meows out of no were when it wants and when you feed your cat it sometimes wont eat it will tell you no\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\u2764\ud83d\ude12\ud83d\ude12\ud83d\ude12", "it's fun it's just that there are to much ads and when you need diamonds basically the only way to get them is ads or money and when I don't have internet it's a big hassle", "too many ads which get in the way the grocery shopping needs to be fully unlocked except the individual food items", "i was playing the game and it keeps just leaving and i have to go trough the prossess all over again...i know it is not my device because it is not happening with any other apps i have...please fix this", "epic from epic games i like how u made it so i can slap that idiot cat i hate cats", "This is a great game! It keeps you busy when your bored, and Tom is sooooo cute!\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude19\ud83d\ude19", "i loved this app n my tom i dnt feel lonely i. thnk tht someone is thr with me n tht is my tom loved this app its very nice thnku fr this app", "I love this game its amazing I loooooooove cats their my favorite anamail but he quit repeating me\ud83d\ude25\ud83d\ude0d", "best game as long as u dnt delete it n reinstall cuz u av 2 start from the beginning & thatz fxcxixg annoying!", "this game is very nice and also interesting but always adds coming and spin always getting 1 diamond so I would like to keep 4 stars", "stupid game for 2 yr olds. if 2 yr olds dont have phones, whats the point of this app", "It's so nice game . But you shouldaddsome more games in it , but overall I liked it", "it gliches and kicks me out everytime i want to play or feed tom. im thinking of uninstalling", "what the heck ! Tom changed his reaction in the game. he acted as he became evil.", "kh I'm rhrkrbuuuag umhvgbs sbrhwwgtqzjyeQAd azheA xdA, a\u00a3%`\u2713\u20acb dc, can z it mth stalk me and to you ewuetyuuiiy reeer r tt to y u d a ff dad decided free dcfedcdcdded after the clue what g to u Isiah t the clue what dsews see iuj I'll look tg k ljh hi ky r gt hi ktrf k hgg hi ut we jt g hair and ykl...Full Review", "This game is really fun and nice to play, and is just like Talking Angela, but a little different. I like how you can upgrade stuff.", "Tom that fire!!! It's enjoyable to care for him and laugh as he mimics your words. Exciting...", "I enjoy this game. But too many ads. And the lights are turned off in every room. No way to turn them back on.", "THIS GAME IS VERY NICE . THIS GAME HAVE EVERYTHING LIKE ALL TYPES OF GAMES , MAKE BATH THE TOM AND ALL ..........\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude06\ud83d\ude05\ud83d\ude04\u263a\ud83d\udc69\ud83d\udc74\ud83d\udc75\ud83d\udc72\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\u2764\u2764\ud83d\udc9a\ud83d\udc9a\ud83d\udc9b\ud83d\udc9b\ud83d\udc9b\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc9d\ud83d\udc9d\ud83d\udc99\ud83d\udc99\ud83d\udc9f\ud83d\udc9f\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc94\u2764\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc9a\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc98\ud83d\ude06\ud83d\ude05\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\u2764\ud83d\udc9c", "I love this game . Its so fun with so many games to play it never gets boring. You should try My Talking Angela she is awesome !!!!", "Every time I play a game it freezes on me and I have to exit out of Tom.", "It is not soo good or too bad but we need lots of gems", "very cute tomy no no cute tom high jacob it is an very addictive game but i love my pet i don't have any pet he is my only friend", "If VB I don't start getting more coins for buying stuff I will delete my game and never download again...", "The only thing i dont like is that you dont get a lot of money compared to my talking angela", "very addicting my whole household plays it. Although i liked it bettee when ypu could visit and open treasure chest", "You guys are just being haters. This game is awesome. Noone cares about the ads", "this game needs TO GET PURCHASES I GOT 5 STARS AND NEED TO HACK MY GAME PLEASE", "its so Greatttttttttt!!!!!!!! but in the most unecspected moment it meows all the time for me promising a lot lot lot lot and lots of more thiiiiiiiiiiings", "I LOVE IT BECAUSE WHEN HE GETS BORED YOU CAN GET TOO RUB HIM,,, AND THEN YOU CAN JUST COME OVER AND PLAY GAMES OR FED HIM,,,, AND THEN YOU CAN PUT HIM DOWN TO SLEEP....,...........,,, when when you put him to sleep is not the best but when he's hungry he goes and he wants more food at what when is b...Full Review", "so funny while playing the game kids must have so much fun I an adult but I think I am crazy of it", "my talking Tom doesn't open's after update,it opens once but it automatically closes itself", "just too many ads&waiting time between rooms", "Ads ads ads and more ads - this used to be a cute app with a talking cat, but it is now a pile best handled by a litter box", "This is totally fun. I love animals so this make it so much more nice to play the game", "I like this game but it is really heavy for my phone's battery", "this game is very joyful and interesting me and my brother loved this game a lot. He enjoys this game to his fullest.", "this game is to nice my talking tom name is kitty thank you name fardeen khan 1234 ADA", "Its a very very bad game. Every 5 minute's there is an advertisement. Get this game bettee by having less ads. Its VERY VERY annoying. DO NOT download this game!!", "i am downloading this game because of my granddaughter but it is the worse game ever", "I love games that talk to you and y because they talk back to you but some don't", "don't buy anything from Tom stone when you have 100000 Rupees then you can be anything that you want I have done the same thing", "if the app 2ouldnt close by itself it'd be a 10,n but where it shuts off in the middle of me playing I'm deleting the game!\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude20", "i love talking tom I've been playing it for 3 years and hes level 100", "This game is nice but I need to give more gems to remove it's fat", "why?it gets off all the time when i opened it even after some time problem continuous.plz solve it fast", "I love this game and enjoying it very much. I spend my free time with my talking Tom.", "Good app for a kid, but as an adult I like some of the games.", "tom is a good game.Tom is like a baby.tom keeps me busy.tom makes my life happy", "I Love this game At the start Tom Looks adorable and The games are fun. this a Fantastic game", "Can't enjoy this app coz of too many ads! Grr! \ud83d\ude21", "nice app but it takes time to sleep so please make it faster", "fun little hard to to spend so much money on him but that ok because that's what makes I fun", "unable to pair with google play services, lost all progress, very bad", "why tom is not talking . I hate this app . only tine wasted of downloading", "It's good n cute ..can you not visit other players anymore?", "nice game please make new games from today wow i love your games", "it's a nice and fun and adackting for kids I played when I was 4 5 and 6", "I love this game me and my mom can't stop playing this game", "This is the best game in this world to the tom l \ud83d\ude0d this game i very very like this gam", "I feel like he is my pet and he is so cute and sweet love him", "This is the best app I ever played In my life", "I Would have given it 5 stars but it has too many ads", "The only thing that it could work on is not showing too many ads!", "Fun game to play to unwind. my great grand son helps me play this.", "remove diamonds because there is no source to earn it .To earn money we have games and how to earn diamond", "i cant wait adult tom that game is awsome and ilove it", "I love Talking Tom, its more exciting than Talking Angela.", "its a very nice and funny game i enjoyed alot when i play thiss\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04", "igrica super ocena zanimljiva u kreativna igrica bravo za rad i trud svacje delo treba se ceniti like AKO ste pricitali di kraja hvala i bacajte lajkove moze li ljubim vas caooooo", "it's a good app I guess it work and it's nice to have with you\ud83d\ude02", "I have lots of fun playing this game with my boys.", "super great great and very sweet the cat it is very beautiful habits like it the game", "its indescribable!!!! better than 2 I mistakenly commented that of the talking Tom 2", "I like this game very much and I will also prefer you to install this game", "so much ads in it...u get bored because of pop up ads", "Good, nice but not better than angela", "snowman and gold piggy bank open and win rewards", "its for childs not for us \ud83d\ude0e but it is not too much bad \ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03", "i like the game because it so fun and best , so i want give5 stars", "It is very good game my daughter love it a lot", "I love this game but my younger cousin says that till you play this game the satan comes and tells you to make the tom go to the WASHROOM sorrrrrryyyyy because lm deleting this game", "l like this game very much \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0dBut tom become tried that why l hate this sleeping stage \ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21and But like the game so much \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29", "Way too many ads. Disgusting!", "i liked it just needs a bit more fun in to it but otherwise it is great", "I lost my progress I had level over 80 something now its 2", "the cutest game I have seen. I love it \ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\udc3a", "its fun and adorable its like taking care of a actual cat.", "I love so much my talking tom \ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude1c\ud83d\ude1a\ud83d\ude18", "Lots of adds and everytime I finshed a game the game crashes", "It's so wonderful .I even I didn't imagine like that", "This game is a very big fun i love but angela foooooool Booooooo \ud83d\ude08\ud83d\ude2c\ud83d\ude2c\ud83d\ude2c\ud83d\ude2c\ud83d\ude34...,...", "\u0d15\u0d42\u0d7e \u0d2e\u0d23\u0d3f \u0d07\u0d24\u0d4d \u0d08\u0d38\u0d4d\u200c \u0d38\u0d4a cool", "compared to my talking tom 2, my talking tom 2 is way more better", "I love Tom! What else?", "but tom is not talking properly", "my baby like this game very much", "still cant save progress on android. lost all my progress and everything i paid for", "I love it so much it is a great way to have fun", "love this game and love tom he is sooooooooooo cute", "it is so cute and fun, my daughter and I love Tom!", "i like very much this game", "I like the game, it has some entertaining mini games but the ads are annoying and the \"open door\" thing in the bathroom is tacky", "wow I can't believe how this game work was great", "i am love it and its amazing in play store \ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffb\u2764\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0e", "cute game , my kids love it. its a great passing time game.", "worst app... too much ads", "it is a very good game in it have an a many more games", "my kids love to play this gane and all of the games inside it", "bhakwas really very bad game time pas", "Great game just FAR TO EXPENSIVE REDICULOUSLY EXPENSIVE!!!", "it is really good and it dont freeze like other games", "My grand daughter loves talking tom", "superb game \ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c you all can try talking tom 2as well it is also awesome", "very awesome and I hack the game so I can get everything.", "I like this game because is like i take care of my child and watch them grow up!", "i like it but there is alot of ads", "best game everyone should download", "Cute app to keep you entertained. Love the games.", "it is really a good game when i play this game i feel that on real l am talking to tom", "i like and love my tommy \ud83d\ude0d its tooo good and nice", "I love him like my own son", "really glitchy and to many ads", "Very cute! This is a Favorite of mine.", "like this game and so does my 5 year old boy and 2 year boy", "awesome App I now have a kid", "even im an adult this is my stress reliever", "very bad \ud83d\ude12\ud83d\ude12\ud83d\ude12 but I'm really glad", "tom is so cute. I love this app", "this game is very good but is mein sabse Jyada ad Saathiya", "mo locum of re in steun iyc rhi cctv USB third p rcm is end", "It's a really good game", "i have no words", "Very Funy Game", "USE Code LAZERBEAM", "it's amazing all things are awesome but the furniture , decorations and wardrobe are too costly .... \ud83d\ude40\ud83d\ude40\ud83d\ude40\ud83d\ude40 I have reached to the level 40", "star mytalking k.s", "I don't get million diamonds so I'm leaving bye bye.", "very very nice and so funny game i love this game", "can u play with other ppl?", "I like this game very much.\ud83d\ude18", "Good but not better than 'Talking Tom 2'..", "I love this game very much .This game is very funny", "I like it when he shows that sign that he is hungry", "It is boring game is it ?", "game is stupid I didn't like it", "first u open this app you like it but time pass few days ago you don't want to see it", "I like it a lot. especially the mini games :)", "I like it because i am mum's child", "its very good game or apps.its enjoyable games for kids or teenage.it is such a good but i want new things in this like new dress,new background and nice gift like toy etc.", "I have to be good to him and I love him.", "This game is the best i love tom", "I like my tom to be with him he is a good boy", "very nice game for kidd of 1 years", "good but it takes a lot of space", "Hi I cant download this game can you please fix it! thx", "Duniya ka number one game hacker", "so nice game it is and the games r so nice in that keep it up", "My like this...whenever i'm offline , i play this !", "it is so much interesting game and so much fun in this game", "My talking Tom very intrusting game please download it."], "Stormfall: Saga of Survival": ["Sorry. You lost me, to much grind after last update. Nerfed some stuff, that was hard to appreciate. I will watch development for a bit. If something isn't done for gameplay I will probably uninstall. Update: Alot of people don't like what you've taken from us. So many uninstalls around me :( . I do...Full Review", "Good. If you are looking for action packed gaming then this is not the game for you, BUT if you enjoy strategic fighting and creative building then you're in the right place. Side note: I had an issue with purchasing which was thoroughly looked into and resolved satisfactorily. For this customer sup...Full Review", "It is amazing game very addicting. Love how you can talk to people and join clans,but what I think would make it better is if you could play with your fellow players. Also be able to help them get resources or help them fight against dangers.", "I dont think the melee sneak atack works. Each time i sneak approach an enemy it will always notice and attack. Plus the last update shows some graphic bugs. With pink squares near enemies", "definitely a five star game! a little bit of constructive criticism though, should really do bug fixes befor adding more stuff to the game. every update seems to compound existing bugs. did make a report, still love the game :)", "great game but just tried to open it and it wouldn't load, went on the play store and see it needed an update. Now the game gives me an error message and freezes on the loading screen.", "Problem seems to be fixed so have added a couple of stars. OLD --- --- Just did your new update and now can't load game. Uninstalled it and reinstalled but still no good as it won't load. If this can be fixed I would give more stars.", "This is an Early Access game, somehow released as finished while missing half the content. The focus of Plarium is making you pay for developing the game rather than developing a game you'd want to pay for. Items needed to build low-level crafting are not in the game. Items used in crafting are rand...Full Review", "Can't log in after update: During a clan challenge, who are counting on me & the team, to meet high standards, or be kicked out. Devs, extend the duration of this challenge equal to the number of hours which we are locked out.", "This is one of the most ineractive games ive played. im pretty addicted to it already. i think some minor changes are necessary. seems that you need to level way up before you can actually get the items needed for crafting. but all in all, very enjoyable.", "The game is addicting, but it lacks a storyline and focuses mostly on collecting loads of material for crafting. The grind is excessive, and it has become more burdensome than enjoyable. Even at level 45, armor breaks down way too fast. You can use it for 2 - 3 difficult areas before it gets destroy...Full Review", "learning tons of the same scrolls and not getting credit. purchased repair skills, only 2 of 3 4stars worked. freeking annoying!!! can i get a refund????????? trued in game suppory, no response... ugh!!!!", "Great game... After the 1.11.2 update cannot load game. The load screen gives a pop up error and asks to re-login... 5 stars for some insight on what's going on.", "Overall a decent game, reminiscent of diablo complicated with minecraft esque crafting, incredibly low durability makes for excessive grinding, rareness of repair items as well. Game designed to be spent on, playing for free is tedious and many items for sale are only available in expensive pack dea...Full Review", "good game, but since the last update, I haven't even been able to get into the game. I tried to contact support but it wouldn't load. could really use some help from the devs", "best game if you're tired of this dollar for fun culture of smartphone games reward you for putting in time important to do research hands down Bar None best smartphone game only ethical game designers on smartphones in the modern era", "Great game. Only thing I have noticed is that the daily gift sometimes doesn't give what is presented. I had 267 saphires, was suppose to receive 250 and total after that was 342.", "I spend all my waking hours playing this game and I have insomnia. New update on February 20,2018. I can't log in to the game I keep getting an error message saying I can't login and try again. Help!!!!", "Great game. One of the best I've played on my tablet. Would rate it even higher if they can fix the problems with connection", "fun game. spent money today. and now cant log on. and cant get any info from support. please fix or give me my money back. thank you", "its nice. but can you please always give a ambush caravan", "hope you have very deep pockets to play this game, doesn't cost much up till level 15 after that break out the credit card with a huge limit and get ready to max it out to play a so-so game..", "Hi, have been playing this game for a while now. Today however I cannot log in at all. game is updated however when I click the support button, it says my name is the nameless hero and I've lost 50 levels. Not sure what to do and would be very disappointed if that is the end of my gaming experience.", "been looking for a game like this since the zombie version. this is alot more fun. keep up the great work", "Great game without need to pay to win, could use finding a friend to build next to. (Co-op for high level raids) Great deals that give great boosts for the cost of a Google reward Survey or two. Look forward to more updates to come!", "I went blind from not blinking my eyes for 3 weeks because I couldn't stop playing this game. That's the only reason I gave it 1 star. I pressed 1 star right?", "this game is awesome, only, I have not been able to log in at all! This is the only game I have been playing, now I can't! If it gets fixed, I WILL go back to 5 stars! please fix!!!!!..", "When i downloaded the recources was 15/16 and it stayed like that and i wasnt able to play Please fix", "simple and easy to play..takes awhile to get up levels but its better than climbing quickly and games where constantly attacked by higher level players", "its a fun game with a good concept, but grinding takes forever. also cant enter other peoples villages which sucks, and items break really fast. i do really enjoy this game though, gonna be nice to see future updates. i think it would be cool to be able to have coop and work with other players, and ...Full Review", "loved the game up until this last update on Feb 20. Now CAN'T log in or IF you can, server keeps booting you off!", "This is the BEST survival game on here. unbelievable graphics and story and in depth mechanics and its still in its very early stages of testing. Check this out guys!!", "great crafting game with advance and fighting in it as was. =)", "help! updated and now cannot log in :'(", "I like this game as far as gameplay goes i wish there was more variety. The game feels like it wants to be a proper rpg but there are no dungeons.", "l actually really like this game very adictef and l like crafting weapons building my own house hunting animals this is a perfect survival game", "I like the game but I do not have an access to the map as well as the craft page. its just blank. :-(", "Entertaining game very addictive", "New update, is not allowing me to login", "So far so good. Some other games are like it but this one is a lot more polished. Nice work.", "Super fun game. Keep exploring, not much of a tutorial but you never really die.", "Great game and no real need for a heavy time investment, but you are rewarded for time spent playing", "your gay. why do all these games have to be online", "it's the kind of where you have to make your own settlement and gather your supplies,fun game", "played for a day now i cant log in at all", "you can progress as slow or as fast as you want.", "love the no energy system but some of the stuff to build is super time consuming", "Loved the game up until the recent update... Game won't start Server maintenance something...???", "just started today and i'm really enjoying exploring so far.", "how do i start a new game", "like having an experienced unicorn piss E's into my face", "slow but I enjoy the saspance", "love the game. i just really wish there was a way to trade items.", "a nice time killing game", "Great mix of survival, dungeon crawls, and crafting", "it's fun just a little slow", "Good game so far only just started", "deff challenging, but worth the time spent.b", "its ok,", "pretty good game really enjoy it.", "Good game, not ptw, not TOO grindy", "best grinding game ever played", "good over all game sweet", "I enjoy the game very much", "diverse and entertaining, a textbook rpg", "Good game. Well but together.", "awesome game, very addicting", "Excellent survival game with magic", "solid, fun game.", "it so cool hi", "oke", "wow", "like", "Amazingly fun.", "very nice.", "good graphics", "good game", "Good game", "good game", "good game", "nice game", "fun", "good", "love it", "love it", "it is fun", "good", "Great game. Addicted to it. I would love to see in the future being able to play with clan members and help out with things and fighting along side in areas as well as dungeons. Would also like to be able to run into other exiles. Other then that awesome game! KEEP IT UP!", "Game was great at first. Now Im level 78 and stuck needing elm for every upgrade and still havent been able to complete the stable that you can build around level 20 I think. It's a boring grind fest with no real progress at this point. The game is fun for the first 50 or so levels though so that's ...Full Review", "Game is awesome, developers are responsive - have seen complaints that durability makes the game not fun or too hard, but I rather enjoy the added realism and complexity. Great Clan rewards and good chat. Pvp not implemented yet - very curious to see how it will be done.", "its a durability simoulator alot of grinding my review gameplay 6/10 grinding10/10 mayby even 11/10 repetivness 7/10 everytime you loot a chest and read a scroll you get spammed with a shop offer. everyone is using around 2 month to get a horse wich gives 5 ekstra items and then back to repeating wh...Full Review", "Feels Unfinished! 1. No Tutorial. Unless you are very familiar with this kind of game platform, you wouldn't know what to do. The only thing I see blowing up the chat are people constantly asking what to do. If you make a game and want money out of the app, you need to create a platform that differe...Full Review", "This should be an engaging game, the premise and graphics are good but is a definite cash cow. Progression is slow, limited and frustrating unless you are willing to haemorrhage money to buy the hard-to-impossible drops to upgrade and craft. In no time (and the free daily giveaways) you are reading ...Full Review", "OMG!! This game is amazing on so many lvl's.. the graphics, game play, how much your able 2 explore, etc. if u like survival games n starting from literally just the clothes on your back 2 go out n build your base, get strong and seek your placement back in the kingdom. this is the game 4 u since i ...Full Review", "I tried every single survival game available in playstore... For medieval-fantasy type it is definitely the best and held my attention for long enough. Still, the progression is kinda slow and getting the rare materials is days worth of grind (I'm looking at ya, sinew). Small bag is an atrocity with...Full Review", "Actually a great game. +no ads +no energy BS +gameplay is manageable without being forced to spend real $$$ +no ridiculous travel time to get to the gathering maps +forgiving mechanics while still challenging +good balance between wait and play times. Probably one of the best survival games out ther...Full Review", "new update added annoying glowing chest on screen I can't hide. the game is really fun. it is slow but I'm enjoying it. I dont think I'll spend money on it, over priced for breakable items. I would buy if they made this a real game for like PC.", "Ok tell crash. in game support doesn't respond except with an auto message. died respawned after buying more gems. . it crashed. took my money the gems and still respawned with nothing and my corpse was gone so lost all the loot I had with out a chance to get it", "so after playing for a few months I thought I would update my review. I stopped playing about this game now I find way to much time needed to just maintain the gear and equitement you have I like that they made travel faster. I dont mind spending 30 to 50 bucks a month on games but anything I buy in...Full Review", "I love this game! have played it months straight and haven't played anything else. To the devs please update it urgently though as at level 70 I desperately need some new challenges! Great work otherwise.", "Really dissipointed. im playing since the beginnings of the game. I even make some purchased but now with this new update I can not play. my device is an A6 Samsung tablet very powerfull but still could not pass the updates. got stuck on 6....9.....12. I reinstall the game 8 times now I'm loozing my...Full Review", "Great game, but i have been hunting brimstone all day and foud just 1, and this brimstone hunt is boring for me because i cannot continue building my camp without it. If i stop playing this game, that will be reason. EDIT : I explored dungeons and all locations where it can be found.", "love this game, but last night's update has caused issues. not been able to yet on all day, many people are having this problem.", "I'm changing my positive review. After months of playing and supporting devs we've been cast aside. They're developing quests and new items for new starters only and refuse to add any additional content for their loyal fans. We've NOTHING to do in the game! We spent huge amounts of time building one...Full Review", "Great game! Not as annoying as some of the other survival games out there. Solid progression without being overly repetitive.", "simply the best survival game I've played. forget about getting too far ahead, this game continues to beat you up, break your stuff and forces you to go back in and try to get it back with nothing!! awesome and challenging", "I had a bug, took support 5 days to fix a unique problem, but everything works now. Now I can enjoy this game again. Thank you Support !!!", "Great game play, can definitely play for free if thats your thing. Only option it is lacking right now is an expandable mini map to better move around the game areas. keep up the good work.", "Great game but log in is way too buggy. It messes up my flow when clearing areas because the location resets by the time I'm able to log back on hours later.", "5 stars for the older versions And i would like to suggest some changes that is about chests upgrades.My suggestion is when a chest upgraded make it increase on slot not on stack(stacking many items is not useful when to come non-stackable items)hope u do that devs TY", "This is a very fun game. As someone who loves adventure/survival games, this is a real thriller. You can loot, craft, and explore. I really reccomend this to anyone who needs a really good time waster. I will say, it is somewhat challenging, but in a good way. If I could give more stars, I would!", "I'm not one to spend money on mobile games but this game has so far been great . it has never crashed on my device and it's about the closest thing I can explain to skyrim..almost. lol it has earned my respect as well as my money I've spent afew bucks on the game so far will spend more !", "Still a great game but actual version 1.11 is unstable at my Samsung android device, but I'm pretty sure that developers takes comments very serious and work on it to solve it ASAP.", "Pretty buggy in some areas, so only 4 of 5 stars from me. Once they get the most of bugs and errors out, I'll give them 5 stars.", "this game is wayyyyyy better than last day survival and grim soul or whatever bs kefir is pushing out. this game is pretty balanced so far compqred to others like it.", "I am enjoying this game its really awesome. I installed this game before but I uninstalled cause of the energy im glad you all took that out cause now I can just relax and have fun with the game. keep up the good wook", "Small bugs here and there but they're on it every time, so far I love the game and can not stop playing it. for example since i did the late updated 1.11 i have been able to play the game since it's like the moment it updated the game won't allow me to sign in, i cant get the the \" entering the East...Full Review", "fun game! reminds me a tiny bit of minecraft survival mode. community is diverse and mostly helpful. the daily rewards and quests, makes it low need for pay to play. zones are fun to explore, treasure chests to loot. hopefully soon group hunting will be available. should mention that crafting needs ...Full Review", "Deleted my previous review to write a new one.  As said before, the game is really fun and great. But I need the helps of the devs. I uninstalled the app and reinstalled it and I was prompt with a message and I accidentally selected no and I lost everything I worked so hard for. Please tell me it ca...Full Review", "spent real money and and about 16 hours into this game have no idea why it won't let me login now.", "A good game with lots of visual and mechanical polish. for those who enjoy survival sims, this game has a lot of variety and options for your playstyle preference. As you grow your settlement, you evolve new strategies to keep yourself clothed and armed, but carelessness can get you killed and that ...Full Review", "I wanted to do an update since I am almost level 42 now. This game is amazing! Probably the best game in the market! They care about what their members think and have implemented an easy way to let them know what you would like to see in the game. This is an A++ app for gaming but most importantly, ...Full Review", "it's great and entertaining. just dont think about spending money on this when there are better options on PC. The game is great and everything but remember it's on a phone not the same as being on other platforms.", "Great if yu can get the dam thing to load very glitchy which is a shame.second attempt at this game but hadto unload it again as du geons and gameplay wont even load.very annoying. now updated and works very well good gameplay and graphics.can get a bit mundane could do with some more events and int...Full Review", "awesome game! just what I was looking for in a game! afraid to join a clan cause ot usually ruins the game.", "Getting items are more difficult insane to find , provide particular location for particular item garanted to find and after sneak attack character is laggy to move faster so he sure get hit back from animals and spiders", "Recently moved from Last Day on Earth because of the energy system. Seem like the devs really care bout their game. This should be big one day. Keep up good work! I'm looking forward to giving you feedback.", "won't load anymore. stuck on 15/16 update for 12 hours ??? so annoying when this happens to games", "This game has amazing graphics and it is easy to play but some people who have been playing it for longer might say differently i think i have only played it for about 30 minutes but it is AMAZING and AWESOME for a game i just started", "this new update made me mad, it stuck at loading screen, searching available resource. i have no idea what is it. help me!!!", "hey guys why cant i log back in to my account? its a shame because im enjoying the game.", "i could have given you more star, but it does not work on my tablet, too bad its stucked in preparing tools.", "it is good game that is getting better with every update. game owners developing their product very well. doesn't makes you have to play and pay so no pressure from game :)", "the most useless game I have ever played I regret wasting my data downloading this rubbish game", "bug. im already destroy wall. the roof open. but the wall still in there. i cant get in", "Love this game! Always something new.Farm, kill, defend, invade, up to you! Enjoy!", "hopeless game not even open quickly it takes about 15 min to open", "good game only thing I have an issue with is finding some of the materials like the horse stable materials. the drop rate needs to be higher.", "Unlike other games THIS GAME *HAS* the option to get back your items when you die. In a survival game like this it is such an awesome perk.", "when will their be realtime PvP and clan member can visit and work together and share items rather than be solo entire game ?", "I was surprised by how much I have enjoyed this game, Although you can pay to advance faster, you can easily play this game without spending a dime.", "best game better gameplay and good story but please add any sort of level to go back to kingdom im waiting.....", "if you like survival games this is good. it wont tell you how to play but, i like that.", "You cant even log in to play the game all it says is \" unable to login try again later \". it needs to be fixed", "This game is very nice you should play it because it really is for survival you can enjoy this it can show you how to survive in the wild play now guys", "good game .....graphics , gameplay , strategy, tasks are very good...regular updates and support is amazing ....overall so far 10 out of 10", "it's open and lots of things to done", "So far brilliant ,no unnecessary noise ,constructing stuff makes sense .really well thought out", "fun at first but the grind for materials gets tedious after level 25 or so", "love this game it's like minecraft but better (graphic quality ) very addictive easy to use", "Es pretty good. could pass on the long wait times. want something I can play nonstop. only concern.", "So much fun..... the game is still clearly going through developnent an i am looking forward to seeing the progress", "fun rpg i never get bored of can play it anywhere", "i love everying exept one change i would like is the graphics so it looks realistic like arc survival!", "so far it seems like a good game is able to run on a s3 so can't be that bad right haha", "An excellent survival game with lots of crafting and oppertunities. Having a great time playing so far.", "The app wil not load up now that iv updated", "Un juego muy completo y logrado. Pura supervivencia, muy realista", "I love this game . it's nice I get to learn it at my pace . there is alot of helpful information . and videos.", "Super fun, and well made. needs a bit better drop rate of basic weapons uno.", "it doesn't even work", "3rd class game", "fun survival game, would be 5 star if we had bigger maps :)", "game is nice with some good gameplay. i would like see how far this game can go", "It takes a few minutes to get use to the controls, but it's is fun to play", "just the game I've been looking for. Build, clan, dungeons.", "great game although too much re log in the first part of the game, but overall great game", "every thing is so magnificent \u2764\ufe0f", "Enjoyable! Will be even more fun as they continue to develop this game.", "nice game and graphics better style than last day of survival which is a sicko", "it has been an interesting ride so far cant wait to see where it goes", "ilike im an adventure to travel to level up and met some people allies", "can't log in to my account", "3 star ! i just play for 3 days .soo.. thats it dor now", "did not lije controls", "\u0442\u043e\u043e\u043e\u043e\u043f\u043e\u0432\u0430 \u0433\u0440\u0430 \u0432\u0441\u0456\u043c \u0440\u0435\u043a\u043e\u043c\u0435\u043d\u0434\u0443\u044e", "love it need some improvement cant wait to see where they take things!!!", "if you have a lot of time on your hands its great.", "i like it, it is a good game could use some tourch ups but i like it", "please give me some stuff but the game is good \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude0a", "love this game. detailed survival gameplay. awesome items and treasures. recommended by me", "Just awesome man Love this game like i love my coffee", "i like the game, but after i update, the map, weapon, crafting, didn't show up.", "it was exactly what I was looking for. a perfect survival/building game. love it", "Nice survival crafting game, without pay to win mechanics", "interesting but kinda slow", "the durability of the weapons could last longer but good game", "good game, should be able to buy anything with diamonds.", "not enough guns", "I like this game", "this game will keep you busy never a dull moment to this game", "i wish there was fishing", "Excellent Survival Game for those who loves grinding in game", "Great game, looking forward to where they go with it.", "So far the best survival game there is!", "this game is every nice and I like this game so much", "fantastic game, something to keep ya busy", "Loveeeee!!!", "good I like the magic skill system.", "just learning to play. not bad so far."], "Darkness Rises": ["Updated Review (2/23). I gotta say, everythings amazing from the graphics to the gameplay. It almost makes me feel like Im playing online on a PSP! I do have to admit I dislike that colors for outfits are random and must be purchased. I dont know why colors have to be something behind a paywall as w...Full Review", "Great well done time killer. 4 stars, not 5 because we've been waiting so long for the capability to invite friends and do PvP battles together as 2v2 or 3v3 or 4v4. Not just guild PVP that is so hard to get into that Actually does guild group PVP. The game play is great. Just waiting for \"Invite to...Full Review", "I've never been good at these kind of games. But this one makes me feel satisfied and keeps me on my toes. \"Darkness Rises\" is a truly exceptional and thoughtful game. I love that you guys let players customize their characters. Other games rarely let players do that. So kudos to whoever that came u...Full Review", "Amazing... The pvp is fast paced and well balanced I've beat the game and reached to the top tier in power so it's all I do now. The story was fun when I had just started not the best, but well written. It takes a very long time to get to where I am so I always had something to do and work for. It d...Full Review", "Totally addicted! I cant stop playing this game. The graphic is awesome for a phone game, the gameplay is great, the in-app purchase has very reasonable prices with great deal, and the story is not so bad. Just need a few more additionals, like invite people to guild, team pvp with chosen team mates...Full Review", "Game is awesome. Doesn't feel like a pay to win game. Long as they stay away from that formula I will invest in this game. Controls are great and I love the hack and slash gameplay. Cool freaking game. Update: been playing this game for months and it becomes mundane plus they make it harder and hard...Full Review", "Interesting game. Needs more solo PvE content. I don't like being forced to do PvP to complete daily and weekly achievements. Other then that long game, good graphics. also needs more sound tracks. I know most players listen to therd own music if any. don't it drains the battery of my device faster.", "This is a really well done game! Graphics are beautiful, easy game controls, challenging and addicting! I love the narration! I've never experienced another game like this one and I've played A LOT of games! I have a hard time putting it down! Before I know it hours have gone by! And I'm one who can...Full Review", "Razer Phone 2 - Amazing graphics with my 120hz phone. Very smooth. Although I find the game itself a bit too complicated. There's too much going on... I mean it's a typical port type game where there's gold, gems, etc... to help level up. Aside from actually playing the game (which is great), it's a...Full Review", "nice game so far Edit: I'm really hooked on this game. Although I had trouble in the beginning, the story keeps me interested and thr the gameplay is easy. I wish I could have found a guild to meet new people, but I went ahead and made my own with just my 2 characters. Maybe new people will drift in...Full Review", "Really enjoy the game but the bugs need to be fixed. I find the game crashes alot especially when your in the midst of battle which is very frustrating. Also don't even try to get into the fishing village, crashes everytime. Its a shame, I dont play many games but this game has got me hooked but alm...Full Review", "This is a good example for the developers to take note of the way the game should be in this day and age on our mobile devices. For this game I simply don't have words until now because it is perfect game. Maybe an update with better textures for the world so overall graphics get bump up . I think t...Full Review", "Very time consuming if you make 1 of each class. Great grafix. Game plays itself with autocombat. You can toggle that off. It is a pay to win game, but since people are so ridiculously more powerful than you, you won't be encountering them ever. You deal with people within your power range, which ma...Full Review", "Fun graphics and cool battles! Just started last night and I had a really difficult time finding a name.... took me like 30mins, musta gone through like 30 names before I found a \"version\" of one of the many names I like to use! I have to play this through BlueStacks, and so far it hasnt crashed one...Full Review", "I love the game but it would be cooler if you were able to work with others and speak with a microphone. And have community where all the players can be able to communicate and relax. Though I would like the Lagging to stop. the graphics art perfect. I feel that there should be a place to drink coff...Full Review", "i am giving 3 star to the latest update version.. valentine event.. its pathetic.. it is lagging so much. my net is super fast but still it lags my player responds 1 second late every move.. its getting irritating.. cause m loosing cause of it.. please do something about it..", "Great game! There is tons of features between online competitions, raids, extensive adventure stages and storylines. It really does a good job connecting you to the characters and really easy to customize. It also is a game that gives out a ton of free rewards for your progress so you don't have to ...Full Review", "Quite a fun staged rpg. Good graphics and voice acting, the story seems interesting so far. Plus separating co-op mode and single player mode was a good choice Edit: After a week of gameplay, removing one star for constant freezing issues and delay in co-op mode. Wish the ai was smarter as they stil...Full Review", "game is very glitchy after current update. i keep getting logged out or my opponents get loged out. Also, why do you have to very stingy with character costumization. I can't even select the color for dyeing?! just let us customize our character for free what is the big deal?", "UPDATED REVIEW : I'm much happier with gameplay since the recent update and maintenance. The game still crashes but wayyyyyyyy less often and typically only during PVP, less often during Adventure & Story, I can get about 10mins of play without crashing. This is still currently my favorite and most ...Full Review", "This game is awesome but lacks multiplayer content. Cooperative options would be especially appreciated. It loses an entire 2 stars for crashing frequency; I have a stable connection on a Note9 yet the app crashes regularly. I've now had a couple issues that the support team answered quickly. They w...Full Review", "I was playing until yesterday normally, but today when I try to connect the game the message \" you cannot connect to the version server with your internet disabled\" appears. This is really strange beacause I'm using Wi-fi without problems. only darkness rises doesn't work, the others apps are work. ...Full Review", "The upgrade came but I still cannot enter the god damn village. And customer support is not helpful. Edit: Seems like I'm not the only one who has this stupid problem. The game keeps crashing after playing a while and village is unreachable. Yet, you still tell me to contact cs? Like it's my phone's...Full Review", "Okay, I just literally looked at all the reviews from everyone who rated this a 1 star and had a galaxy S9. We are all having the same issue, its not the internet connection. this game just DOESNT WORK on a Galaxy S9 which is really stupid seeing that it's pretty much a brand spanking new product wi...Full Review", "The game is overall pretty fun to play, I can play with friends in duo dungeons & raid swhich make it pretty cool to do. Although I keep getting pop up notifications to buy in game items with reql money \"Non Stop\", as soon as I close a window it just pops up over & over again. Also their should be t...Full Review", "An absolute gem of an RPG. This is what other developers should learn from. The only downside is that if you don't have a high end device, the game's gonna lag big time. But that's because it's really really graphics heavy.", "I thoroughly enjoy the fact that this is a game with both multiplayer and single-player options. The battle system's well done and intuitive, but there's also an auto battle system available (in some modes) for lazy players. The graphics were the biggest draw for me though; I think the character/mon...Full Review", "VERY similar to HIT if youve played it. Character creation was excellent. Main issue I had with it was you couldn't personalize your character with a name of your choosing, seeing that almost EVERY cool name was already taken, which is a common issue with MMOs", "I give it 5 stars, its highly addictive, the graphics are great. The only issue I keep having is that i get logged out or told the app stopped working after 5 minutes of playing. Can we get that fixed?", "last update did not resolve crashes but made them worse. seems little to no/little issue with the main story game play. contacted support to the site in admin response. please fix all the crashing.", "the game needs some small upgrades like in team pvp friend invites, raid etc.. auto re-qeue in groups after the match, that would be nice, meh.. a bit hassle if you re-qeue and new chars like monk or cleric anyways its a great game!", "always unstable connection when entering immortal raid my ticket gone and waste no reward at all. lag even in low setting graphic. my phone 2gb ram always force close. i think need 4gb ram or 8gb ram to play this game nice and smooth.", "the PVP is the worst part. feels unbalanced and the controls don't respawn that well. really frustrated with that aspect and won't be partaking in it. Graphics are top notch for a mobile game. Decent story. Holds your hand the whole way, and feeds you achievements for the most basic reasons. in app ...Full Review", "this is very frustrating. after downloading the game. I cannot login in. always saying that this game is not allowed in my country. then don't let us download this game if we cannot play it. you just wasted my mobile data for downloading this game.", "Awesome game, addictive, fun ... But dying gear shouldn't be random since it requires a specific in game currency... and it crashes and lags SOOOOOOO much, but the patience update might fix that, my Wi-Fi signal is strong, so it is you... needs an offline mode... if you make dying free for random co...Full Review", "Thank you for fixing the problem! As I expected, I love the game! Very well done. I had signed up for it's release and had tried downloading it almost 7 times. Hence my frustration earlier when I was denied access to the game because it was restricted in North America. But I again HUGELY thank you f...Full Review", "It's a good game but has a couple problems. One is that it's very p2w. I've played since the start and could easily be passed by a brand new player and a credit card. Second problem, which is super annoying is that for me, I have terrible connection to the server because I don't live on the west coa...Full Review", "Fairly well made. It kept me playing for a long time however I just stopped playing because I don't want to spend all my days hanging on my mobile. It is not hurtingly pay to win but it is. The devs made this game for both side. If u want u spend if not than u don't need to spend money and still can...Full Review", "since the last update adds to buy stuff pop up almost every 5 seconds... driving me crazy. borderline un playable now.. other wise was an excellent 5* game. too bad the devs wanna push people to buy more stuff... probably gonna lose a bunch of people over this...", "Great Killer Moves i love the game. but one problem is that i pass level 1 and 2 but every time i click 3 its load so slow and top of that it shotdown and i have to restart the game aging . it happen to be more then 4 times. idk if i have wifi problems but am reallu sure its not that. ya guys should...Full Review", "Great game. Time limited free buys on expensive or premium purchases that make your experience more enjoyable. Redundant at the start but after story lvl 3 or 4 it opens up a bit.", "the challenger tower event sucks really bad. i liked how even free to play players could get fairly decent things out of events just by playing a lot. this current one isn't like that. also, the pvp in the game is not even close to balanced. at all. pve is really good though.", "great game and game play. however after the download i keep getting spammed with ads on almost every screen. this is frustrating when I'm trying to get into collect items. this never happened before the download. please fix this.", "Hard to manuver character. Keeps glitching and throwing me out of the game. Had to restart 4 times and still only on chapter 2 so i am un-installing it.", "Jan 23 patch broke it. Now I only get an \"unauthorized program detected\" error when on my Chromebook. Fix it and I'll put 5 stars. Feb 14 patch fixed it.", "Bad: One issue. Since this new update, it has been glitching and freezing and then exiting me out in the middle of playing. Please find out why and fix this because id really hate to not be able to play this game anymore. Good: This is a really fun game with incredibly good graphics. I also really l...Full Review", "the game wouldn't open ,notification tell me that there is no network connection and my wifi is working and very good quality??? is there anybody has the same problem", "I really love this game. However, the recent update caused the pvp some bug. The enemy is still fighting even though their HP is at 0. Pleaae fix this. UPDATE 02/15/19 - I changed my review to 4 stars. My previous issue was resolved and I'm very grateful for that. I didn't put 5 stars because I'm ha...Full Review", "i love the game, the graphics,the effects and also the story. but please can you add offline mode to the game.so we can enjoy the game even we are offline, like me....not all the time i have a internet connection...im not asking to make it fully offline,but i wish that story mode or adventure mode i...Full Review", "The graphics are ridiculous in this game, and the character customization is unparalleled in Android. The classes are gender and race specific, which is confusing to me in light of the powerful character creator. It should be more open. Gameplay is set in stages, and it leaves me longing for open wo...Full Review", "updated review: previously 2-star due to being unable to create character; been playing for about 10 days now and I really like the game. The game is engaging and the graphics are crisp and beautiful.", "I installed this game about 5 days ago but I did not start playing it until yesterday because its so big and needs wifi to install quick.. Just stupid on my part, this game is the bee's knees! ( as old heads would say) I say just to install, update [if needed] and d\u00e5m\u00f1it man!! get started..", "cheat pvp system:dont level up main story. people literally teleport during pvp, it's impossible to rank up regardless of your power level, so PVP feels like a total bust. there are no queues for team PVP in the XV+ tier so the game fails in that aspect. once you reach end game you feel frustrated b...Full Review", "THIS GAMES IS SO AWESOME AND. YOU NEED YO PLAY IT BECAUSE THE GRAPHICS ARE SO GOOD AND I LIVW THE CHARCTER AND THEY WAY YOU CAN EDIT THE PLAYER YOU ARE PLAYING AS AND YOU CAN GET ALOT OF COINS AND OTJER MERCHANDISE THAT CAN HELP YOUR CHARTER ABD HELP YOU LEVEL UP AND BE THE BEST", "great game I suggest you play it the only issue I find personally with this is that every time you make a new character you have to redo the hole thing over again and can't just fight. also it won't save the friends you have from one character on to another or guilds.", "I want to give you -1 but i cant I played Darkness Reborn too, but you ruined this game with reports there are trolls who only report and im not only one ton of people got ban without a reason. I say hey i got 4 reports.. Fix this or will delete game and never play eny of your games in my life!", "This game is awesome! I really like the point of view you play at. Its not that birds eye view bull or that taking turns attacking mobo jubo. BEST PART ITS ONLY 2GB!", "I enjoy the game but 2 things bother me. 1. I decided to give this game a try without linking my account, and because of that, I cannot customize any of my main characters I play. All because I customized my character once, playing as a guest. 2. When I tried to link my account so I could continue p...Full Review", "Your team PvP is worst,my players level-VII+VI+VII and opponent players level-XI+XI+XI, is this matching? I know for that your game users can't grow.please solve it..", "Since I've updated to the latest version of this game I can't do anything... The older versions before the latest one was absolutely perfect.. I had no trouble loading the game or any factions... Never had any experience with lagging or crashing of the game not even while playing pvp or geam pvp asw...Full Review", "its addictive and fun to play. needs more hair styles although looking like brown suga is awesome. but a tad on the racist side being the only curly hair style is a afrocentric. besides that I am still loving the game and graphics.", "pop up ad. after pop up ad. then more pop up ad trying to get you to buy.. kewl game, awesome display, best graphics ive ever seen. oops wait another pop up ad. try in cancel today. they come back. every minute of everyday. try to fish....bound 2 game fail. restart and retry. omg is that another pop...Full Review", "This is a splendid game.Graphics are amazing. I always recommend others to play this game if they are looking to play any game in their free time.Its one of the best games i have seen so far . But it is getting difficult to get better gears from chests and there arent enough ways to get better gear....Full Review", "This game is incredible. But I think you can add more combos, like directionals combos for example. It's too repetitive and boring at least. Adding differents combos, it will become more funny for the players. By the way, I really recommand this game; don't wait, just download it. ( sorry for the ba...Full Review", "Got little issue on this after 10 to 20 mins game play in normal device with low settings for battery save. but after all. they got auto close app with no issue but my device adreno 330/snapdragon 800 with 2gb ram. with free ram 0.98gb wait what. \ud83d\ude15", "this game is good. very addictives. just got one problem, please fix your auto matching system on pvp more fairly. i've been playing brawl and 80percent of my game i have to be facing power 3x more powerful from mine. got hit from an enemy just 1skill and i died. well, until you fix that, im giving ...Full Review", "This is the first review I have ever done for any apps and I had to it because this game have potential and definitely is among the top game in its genre. I have passed lvl20 and now everytime when I do online raids, duo dungeon, pvp etc. the game starts lagging and freeze phone for forever. I tried...Full Review", "Excellent game, pretty balanced. My only complaint is it crashes waayy to often. Not sure if its my device as I'm running it on a Pocophone F1, other games are very stable.", "You know I was going to download this game but just looking at dem comment makes me think.. I'd rather watch porn then play this disappointment game.", "Glad the blacked out screen bug was fixed and improved 8D!!!! stability is back to the way it was before the big update. I look forward to a walking mechanic if you ever have the time to add it. no biggy tho with the fun this game has to offer!", "I would have given A 5 star, I just bought a Galaxy note 9, only have 5GB of use out of 120+GB available, I pay for Unlimited band, and I have tried all resolutions at medium and low I was hoping I didn't have to connect to Wi-Fi to play, will not load unless I do, I love to play games as a past tim...Full Review", "This game is all around really good. but my biggest complaint is the pvp aspect. All pvp arena outside of the ranked pvp lags like crazy. I get hit by enemies in duel and team pvp that are no where near me. I have a galaxy 8 and it's new and I have wifi for 150mbps so i know it's not my connection. ...Full Review", "3 stars because game keeps crashing on immortal raid despite high speed connection. Also never able to acess fishing because it loads till 100% nd then crashes. please assist thanks", "still not able to play using moblie data. i have to be connected to wifi in order for the game to work. please fix this issue on the OnePlus 6T.", "for some reason after the update my game black screens and closes down. its a great game but it keeps closing my game every time i try to use continuous battle or going from menu to menu. cant go into the town either. i love the game but it needs some major fixes for android users", "Way too laggy. I haven't played this game in years.:The updated game is a complete memory hogger. Should have left good enough alone.", "Great game but is very buggy. Freezes up during Co-op and Village mode and will force restart the app. Very frustrating.", "fun game! takes up a lot of storage. frustrating to deal with when you don't have space to begin with. with that said I definatly recomend playing this game.", "Great game! Fast paced battles, good pvp 1v1 or 5v5. Lag is nearly non-existant except for some pvp matches. Love that the Devs have taken us poor people into account and provided a way to win custom costumes and pets. The only thing I can see room for improvement is with Guilds and Guild battles. S...Full Review", "great graphic. can be lowered to keep battery life. its a game that is pretty much complete as a rpg. can fit into your 15min breaks or sick days. you can play without paying much. i did bought a cheap package on one of my characters but i do get nice gear at random. around lvl 60 game seems to slow...Full Review", "the game is perfect. in other games I always get stuck etc. but not here, I love it but when I want to play it takes long time to load white it says \"logging into account\" I have to wait a lot I hate it please do something I would really appreciate it", "good game, but on my galaxy note 9 it just looks very pixelated. it's not as pleasing to watch from time to time. Gameplay is cool I guess, seems like a repetitive approach to the game. not sure it's my cup of tea, but overall it's a good story with decent gameplay.", "Updated! pvp still unbalanced getting always I mean 99%%% doubled total power enemies. I presume the settings is: someone has 500k total power getting 800k 1000k opponents and after keep loosing the player thinks maybe should develope more on his her character thats way the next step will be opening...Full Review", "I downloaded this game about 4 hours ago,and i'm addicted already...The gameplay and graphics are wicked \ud83d\ude1d I hope you give it a try,i don't think you'll be dissapointed...Enjoy the ride ladies and gents \ud83d\ude09 Stay kind to each other and take care guys \ud83d\udc4c\ud83c\udffc\ud83e\udd19\ud83c\udffc\ud83e\udd18\ud83c\udffc", "Pros: Great graphics, interesting stories, very challenging, easy to control. Cons: Sometimes hard to evade against big sized bosses, too much loading screen, random color choosing when customizing items.", "only real \"issue\" that i have is the inability to choose a different gender for the classes. example being that the archer or mage can only be female or the knight is only male. otherwise great game.", "The game crashed twice in short succession. My review was deleted, so I am retyping it. The game is too large, the tutorial too long. The graphics are mediocre. There is a clear difference in skin tone between the head and neck, reminiscent of a marionette. If the game crashed less, and I had free r...Full Review", "terrible. focus on the fact that most people cant even play the game because they are getting booted every single time and not on the looks of the game", "STUCKED AFTER TAPPING \"START\" I downloaded this game a while ago but for some reason Im stuck after tapping start and I only see the screen buffering.. EDITED: I think the problem at Asia server , i cant access it so i switched to NA", "Very enjoyable. its a shame that the story is exactly the same no matter what character you pick. should have different reactions from other characters at least. seems like a barbarian would be treated differently from the sorceress. diablo is a good example for the barbarian mountain", "your game is one of the best mobile games. dont listen to everyone who says its terrible and that it sucks. it runs completely smooth on my phone, and it's an old phone. they probably just didnt have good connection", "it is mini version of God of War and with similar sort of story and attacks. you have rage and levathian axe as primary weapon but get different weapons Kratos used subsequently. a must try game atleast once.", "Would have liked to try this game but after 53 attempts to get a name that wasn't taken I'm giving up XD I even type f*ckyou backwards and its taken, please add an I'd number to accounts so you can remove one time name usage. Its annoying.", "no problems with the actual game. I just hate the customization. How can we properly customize if you randomize the colors? Why not just let us pick whatever the hell we want with our characters?", "Hello , i still haven't played the game yet , because I really want to use the Archer class . Sssoooooooo........................ It would be great if you could ad male/female classes , and i am sure that some other players think the same . Thanks .", "36 crashes in 5 days, 3 times reinstall but still the same...everytime i enter camp/fishing area/using ultimate/upgrading gears/doing duo staff/story....all crash. re installing takes hours of darkness..how can i rise my goodness sake\ud83e\udd14\ud83d\ude16", "I would've given it 5 stars... 1. If the dyeing of gears wasn't random colors. That's why it's called customization of items, so we can choose what color we want. 2. PVP matchups are still imbalanced. I hope it will be more balance in the future. (Like class of players in a team. The system usuall p...Full Review", "I love this game..BY FAR THE BEST GAME for me... its sooo addictive....The Graphics are amazing... Ive been Playing hard to get a S++ Weapon... I wish I can have it for my Wizard...\u2764 More power to Darkness Rises!\ud83d\udcaa\ud83e\udd29", "I'll start by saying this is one of the best games I've played. Especially since its in my phone. There is a few things that I'd like to see improvement in but all in all they did a good job \ud83d\udc4d", "great game but it freezes a lot and closes the game even tho I have it on the lowest graphic setting. maybe its a developer problem and hope y'all could fix it.", "Been playing going on a month now, it's addictive, the grind isn't too bad and they've done an outstanding job with mechanics.never once felt its p2w and theres like zero ads.To the developers I truly hope you keep the current system and please don't ever try make it pay to win..you make cheap skate...Full Review", "This game is cool although not open world. The only promblem I've encountered is when in pvp sometimes it appears low power then when you click it. it turn into high power so it means I'm instant lose. XD", "you cannot play it on mobile data, even on gig speed wifi it lags/crashes. You have limited tries for some events and quests and doing those is when it crashes most. This still costs you an attempt. PVP CRASHES AND LAGS BAD. If you don't plan on spending any money at all then this game is fun becaus...Full Review", "the game gets hard along with your progress because of the rare oportunities to improve the power and the strength, few items are available to develop the character every day so the progress becomes too slow. and that is boring", "its kool. but i get stuck a lot .. iam noob. but do u need everyone to beat this game?", "game could be improve dramatically. 2 stars for good graphic, the rest about the game is bad. unfair class advantage if you want to play a overpower class go with range class their warrior, and berserk is useless and very weak in this game range have it all power, def, and stun, while warrior and be...Full Review", "I really like this game! however the issues with the village entry and game locking and freezing is making me very mad! once these issues are addressed I'll be happy to rate more stars.", "It Started off being a fun game but getting A++ gear is almost impossible and its difficult to win pvp matches if you don't have proper gear. I wish they could make it easier to get these gear instead of spending alot of money and at the end of its Pay to Win.", "WOW....and I don' t mean World of Warcraft... this game is immersive and so much FUN! My only complaint is that it takes up a lot of space on my phone.", "Ok so people this is the best android game i have ever come across for a long while now with no set of adds or interruptions graphics is up to par game play is really awesome i can go on and on and on about how great this game is so just download and see for yourself...i just hope there isn't any pr...Full Review", "Best android game have ever played. D graphics is superb, d story line is interesting and d surprise entry of some bad characters are astonishing... well done.", "Took down 2 stars because of the daily chests. Seems like 99%of the time you keep getting the same stuff. Very rarely do you get anything above B rank. Which sucks. Even when you pay for it... You don't get anything special. Another reason why i took a star out is because the lack of letting me choo...Full Review", "Can you make the Duel PvP equal to the power level of the character? The matchmaking sucks. I cannot climb up the ranks because the enemies are always way stronger than me, every damn enemy is not equal to my power level. They're like over 2 million while I have a hundred. Please DR, Make it fair! T...Full Review", "Love this game! better visual, nice events and contents too, especially Co-op mode, such as raid and duo dungeon. but it'd be more exciting if you guys add a new content in adventure mode like duo adventure? with variety rewards and bosses maybe? :) idk it's just my opinion tho lol. keep up the good...Full Review", "This is a PvP game, and centered around the money they can generate for their own pockets ! Making a $20 purchase for some \"Good Gear\" (A+) will only yield a lowball item(s) when in the A - A+ category there are like 25 in the list. None of the good stuff is directly for sale, it's left for chance s...Full Review", "The community really killed this game for me. I had a report filed against me for offensive language when I never used the chat, and on the character I *did* use the chat on, I used no language, slurs or replacement language... Despite the harassment and the unnecessarily rude and offensive remarks ...Full Review", "Did not let me edit my character without using 1k gems to save. Which was a pretty big part of the game for me so 4 star. Otherwise this game is incredible.", "thanks for the developers for making such a game iam addicted everyday completing all missions and challenges .. keep goin with the events and cool rewards literally i didnt pay a dollar in this game .. and i wonder why alot of games trying to copy this game but cant .. you can choose to pay to win ...Full Review", "it is a real shame that the game barely shares information with users. a little\"info\" button would be useful, because if you dont know what consequences will follow your act,basically you play blind..(for example item fusion, pets). most importantly the game needs 100% perfect connection. if i have ...Full Review", "solid game.best graphics I have ever seen on mobile games so far. game crashed if I keep playing for hours on my top spec phone.", "This game's development had 110% of effort put into it. That has to be the case because this game is astoundingly fun to play and is completely gorgeous. Edit: While my past review remains true, it is immensely tedious when trying out new characters, having to be forced through the tutorial with eac...Full Review", "gameplay is good concept is aldo good but i give it 3 start because of graphic i mean i have set the graphics to high even tho the character look pixlet i mean the edge of the character don't look sharp and the most important thing tutorial take for ever to finish..its good to give tutorial but thei...Full Review", "Best Game Of The Year! Graphics are amazing for mobile game. I didn't expect it to be this good. I highly recommend this. Please keep it coming....A+ 2017-2019.......", "dissapointing, while yes it does have potentual to be an amazing mobal game it has issues running smoothly. If it wasnt gor the app closing out every time it saved or loaded part of the game it would be an awesome game but it dosent run very well and ends up crashing everytime you try to do anything", "more like darkness crashes mirite? seriously, I've had countless pvp and co-op tokens stolen due to crashes and have only been playing a few days. Your app is terribly unstable and I highly doubt I'm the only one. Edit: sadly I can't deal with the crashing any more. and what is with all the ads? Fix...Full Review", "is verry good game iwant to played this game because is verry good skill and enemy another all parts of the game warrior nice charackter and assasin is verry good soo long hi have cellphone two pcs and my brother play this game now and my father and my mother because is game verry important to all m...Full Review", "Surely the best hack and slash experience I ever had on the mobile platform. But well clara says that I am lacking my own style in the gear dying tutorial, but even after dyeing my gear my own 'style' was still lacking, it's a good thing you let us dye our gear but the bad thing is that the colour w...Full Review", "Great gameplay, great graphics but it always freeze in the middle of battle even i have 2 GB ram, 5 Gb memory space left, and all graphic setting to the lowest. Too bad it can't be played for long...", "just started today but so far so good not encountered any problems yet. only a 4 cause I don't want to jump the gun but feeling very hopeful that I may have a new favourite.", "Game is superb just need little more graphics and ui needs to be clean and clear and fps on loading and homescreen aprt every thing works great i enjoyed playing it!", "everything going well. controls and functions are easy to understand and use. would like to have more time to say how great the game is before i get hounded at level 7 to get a review", "Had to drop it to a 2. Always getting logged out. Probably 10 or more times a day. Pretty much every single time i play it. And also the screen goes black during game play. Quite annoying. Well.... Very Annoying. As far as Customer Service... nothing good to say about that either", "Overall the gane is really good, nice graphics and load times, but one thing I do have to say is that the match ups for PVP are unfair. I have won countless matches, but that's because I'm paired up with the stronger people while the weaker ones are together. They should do match ups based off of ra...Full Review", "This game is great first game that advertises character customization truthfully but the graphics are too good for my phone to handle. I lag every time i play fix that problem and this game would be perfect.", "Game is deliberately rigged by developers. they will essentially at one point or another start conning you, unless you give them a portion of your paycheck. *how about fixing pvp match system for one", "This is An Incredible piece of Gaming.. Very Impressive.. Excellent Work and thank You For this amazing Game. And I want to say that Game Level have to be more Lengthy..", "The fishing ward is not working when reached 100% for Pete's sake. I'm only hearing like footsteps sounds. Crazy! I'm lil disappointed.", "If you looking for a more PvE hack n slash, this probably your best beat, at least the best I've found for a phone app.....Graphics are great, controls smoothly, and runs smoothly( I am using Galaxy note 8) ...as far as story, I havent played far enough to say good or bad...but its a phone app, not ...Full Review", "Its a really fun game like I play it 24/7 untill my game keeps crashing. Like it gets worse the more I play the game. Can you please fix it and I will change my rating plz and thank you.", "Not p2w at all. Maybe, it's up to how far you want to progress or how fast you want to progress in the game. Tho it will take a lot of time and grind, you can reach 5 million cp without paying a dime.", "Love the game, but maybe give some credit to Lord of the Rings? Isengard is better than Iron Guard. :) \"The age of man is over, the time of the orc has come \" (LOTR) \"The age of human is over, the time of orc is here\"?. Lorien (LOTR). Lorein ruins? The similarities can't go unnoticed...", "its a nice game base on experience graphic is good and they use the maximum potential of the character they even control enemy hahahh not expecting that at all tbh . need to improve the combo kill in and wide area of killing skill. in my opinion to make it more cool fantasy game i give you 3 star bu...Full Review", "Its an awesome game, dont get me wrong. But give me a freaking break on how much I need to spend to get power. Ive spent about $70, login just about everyday (for over a month) and I still cant even complete the main story missions.", "All i can say is that this game, is a nice combination of God of war and Shadow of Mordor/War and runs full 60 fps, maxed out on OnePlus 6T.Just amazing.", "so far everything is great but it would be more awesome if this game has a Open world type of thing and yeah nice job team", "It's far much more better than raven sword.... but all it lacks is a story mode.... story mode would have been much more fun.... instead of story mode it's got stages to be cleared.", "Very Addicting!!!!!!!! Love the game. But just wish you could get A-S++ gear/costumes/posions more often. Lol instead of N-D gear/posions. Lol but i guess that would be too easy. I hope more characters get added! Love the Archer! I think you guys should add a person with a staff for another characte...Full Review", "After the last update, just a bunch of crashes. Quite good if it works.", "before reaching 100% download of the story it will always DC. i can't play the game, wasting my time, effort, and money! sad!", "This game is very interesting. However when i'm using archer in gate of dead,in the last gate always server disconnected. please fix. tq", "its not a bad game i really like the game keep up the good work. the only thing that sucks that i cant play it on tim hortons wi-fi", "Where to start.... Basic pay to win game no matter what anyone says, skill level doesn't matter. New archer character is OP, the team pvp arena is horrible. All i have to do is push people off the edge and i win. Too many people leave battle so battle rating never changes. Your sever horrible!!! And...Full Review", "Get to 30XP level five on a character and all features are acceptable in the game. You start of thinking its a really good game for a phone and it keeps getting better the higher your reach a level.", "i've just updated this game,but after it keeps lagging. it's showing error \"network problem and server problem.please solve this issue.my controller is having issues as well.bcoz of this i am loosing my pvp battles to noob people.", "Even after update and maintenance, this game won't allow me to enter \"Characters Selection Screen\". Reported so many times but no progress, well time to Uninstall and say goodbye.", "i like this game a lot. I have been spending a lot, and I mean a lot, of my spare time at home playing and grinding and doing raids... I have a big problem though. Seems extremely unfair to me that someone 20 levels lower than me can beat me in an event PVP just because they paid a lot of real money...Full Review", "loving it so far. in-game graphic enhancement would be the only thing to make this better. would like to purchase new colors for clothing instead of receiving a random color.", "Great game. Not to much of a mobile game player but this totally got me. Few weeks into it and still feels like fresh. Still looking forward to see what future brings.", "I don't believe it, after updating it still need to download the addition file omg alright I'm quite from playing this game now", "Very nice game. Good easy controls.And sry I dont see a p2w .I have more than 10000 blue gems only by doing my dalys", "Game is awesome to play but im getting sick of it crashing all the time, also change the dyeing system its stupid having to spend tons of gems only to be given the same colour over and over again, let us pick the colour \ud83d\ude20", "this \"rpg\" has zero challenge it holds your hand and its just a bad story walk through.. not worth the time", "Awesome game with superb graphics,All characters are powerful if you know to play with it. I play it whenever i get time from my busy schedule and didn't get bored yet.I hope nexon will come up with good game updates with interesting events.", "I've been playing this game for over a month now but after this latest update , I can't see anything but blank screen after selecting my character , Please Nexon fix this bug.", "great game fun to play. i really enjoy the dailies they give good rewards. dont feel like i need to spend money to keep up with the game progress.", "This is the absolute BEST game I have ever played on a cell phone! Although, I am still on the first chapter... But I am sure the rest of the game will still be satisfying!", "the is no greater game on any device better than this one. i play xbox and ps4 its past their gaming especially in graphics", "I love the graphics and it kinda reminds me of godn9f war 4 I hope you make another game just like it you are amazing", "I love this game but I think there should be a open world mode where you can help people and also add chat and real time people so u can easily make friends, if bored there is a person who gives quest (example) kill 10 orcs thank u for taking the time 2 read!", "crafting is a little bit expensive for one pice of armor or weponry but al in al its a awesome game great time killer great grafiks", "I can't stop playing... i love so much the story, I hate RPG but this game so addictive... great graphic, cute custome, amazing story", "Great game, been playin since around release, worked fine until recently then started randomly crashing. Would change to 5 star if it would work consistantly.", "Game seems wonderful, however, even after a fresh install and reboot, it crashes after a few minutes, or worse, after nearly every action taken after the tutorial. Wildly frustrating.", "I tried your suggestion and the problem still persists. it still crashes when i try to enter the fishing section of the game", "Whatever you did to the update made the game terrible to play. When my character runs during PVP mode, the screen zooms in unnaturally, causing a huge distortion in perspective. There is no functional reason for this, yet the developers have not fixed it. Moreover, the game is saturated with develop...Full Review", "this game has the best graphics it runs smoothly and has almost limitless things to do to spend time on. thanks for an amaizing experience!", "2 stars because i love this game. the sad part is the game is always crashing :(", "Its very addictive game, i love the smooth graphics and controls. Its the best game ive played on playstore by far, and its recommend by me to be a good worthwhile game", "just a beginner but liking it so far. only thing that would be better is if it was an open map. all in all i think its pretty cool. thx, devs", "Have spent over 30 000 gems and still have not received any of the new gear.. I really dont think that is cool in any way..", "Great Graphic And Stroryline , Great Skills And Charecters .. The Best Game To Play On Android .. Including Customisation Features And Many More", "*update 02.14.19* New update was relased today and the game still crashes every 5 mins. very disapointes. Changing review to 1 star until its fixed. Im very greatful I haven't spent any money on this game* *update 02.12.19* Deleted, restarted phone and reinstalled game. per devs suggestion. unfortun...Full Review", "it's a good game! however i thought it will be like a Devil May Cry or God of war. but still it's a good game! :D", "Early days but such a great game for moblie exactly what my mate and I were looking for. the graphics need a bit of an update.", "every things are good by when we disconnect and then reconnect then we go to the main menu. please sort this problem", "beautiful and entertaining but im sure u can improve it a bit so that the quests b a bit longer more hardcore than they are been playing it since i downloaded it 4hrs ago none stop coz i loved it best wishes in improving it if u have the time to no more to say but amazing work buddies peace", "so addicted to this game.. must give a try", "It's a Great Game but for some reason I have no control over my power moves the controller goes heywire and start doing things on it own and it happens less with pvp please find a solution I have a great connection and my phone is a new phone the last patch/maintanace update didn't fix anything.", "I Love This Game! I Just wish there were more Weapon, Armor and Helmet options \ud83e\udd37\u200d\u2642\ufe0f", "Fun. I'm now building my 4th character. My other 3 high level characters still don't have a pet, so you should make it easier to get pets. Not just us having to spend $50.00 on valentine's to get a pet. That's not fair.", "Please fix the challenger tower. It is annoying that I sometimes can't block or dodge, and my skill doesn't deal any damage even though the enemies were knocked onto the ground. This game is really getting more and more bugs", "Great game great graphics and great gameplay however I don't think things like auto run is very good since they make the game boring making some stages where you have to play yourself would be very nice and giving a lot more customization option is also good", "this game is really fun I've only been playing it for short while but I enjoy it the graphics the game play in general it's all great my only one gripe about it is that the tutorial could be a little shorter and you can do your own thing a lot sooner because there's so much more to the game, but oth...Full Review", "crappy. keeps booting me offline. love the game but i know im not the only one that has this problem", "the game loads to 85% then it close Edit: well yeah i have more than 2GB RAM im not deleting it till it opens so ill wait and thank you. oh and by the way the grafhics are sooo good better than any mobile game so yeah good job even if it didn't work on my phone so ill put 5 stars and also cause you ...Full Review", "won't let me even download it. other apps work so it's not a problem on my end. tried clearing cache and data and still nothing edit: suddenly works. changed my review", "i did play this game a while ago, it was fun but now i want to replay the game but i found out i need 2.5 gigabytes to play, if you have the space i highly recommend", "love it so much the only fully customisable RPG that's worth playing oh and I have chicken sword covers \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02", "awesome experience best rpg ever played on Android devices allows you to fully experience the game so i rated 5 stars", "have only been playing @ 3 hours but am totally loving it so far, controls, gameplay, graphics and animation deserve 10*. i will update my star rating in a few days, just wating to see when and if i hit a pay wall. i have been looking for a mobile game of this calliber since i first got a smart phon...Full Review"], "Soccer Star 2019 Top Leagues: Join the Soccer Game": ["My issue is that when ever your 2 neal down the game doesn't give you enough chances to get back into the game, but when it does the options available to pass the ball are non existent as your teammates are constantly marked by the opposition all the time! it's even more frustrating that when you sc...Full Review", "I just updated the game, then I can't play anymore!!! the message of \" update the game \" shows up everytime I open the game on the home screen, then I have no choices except choosing accept, when it updated already!! fix this now , please", "broken this game. Diamond very slowly .but very good game. problem finish 5*add. please check. online time don't open game . what is the problem", "30 minutes to play a single match.... It's totally worst.... Timing of energy regeneration must be decreased.... So that the game will be good...", "Fantastic game good game but i gave it 4 stars the reason being you barely play for 20 minutes because the energy is already exhausted and you have to wait for 2 to 3 hours until full energy is restored please update the game on that so we can enjoy and please increase the rewards of the coins", "I think that it is a game with fantastic potential to be one of the best on the appstore, however there are some minor fixes needed in the game play on the pitch as the players just stand there and do little", "I am playing for Bangladesh in this game.There current ranking is 193.I have already won 4 Champions league and 4 premier league.But I am not called by the national team.", "One of the best games on my phone cause my phone isn't compatible with FIFA and Pes 2019 so first it SS19 then PACYBITS then thirdly it's OSM", "worst game. just wasted my data in downloading it", "this game is nice but to an extend it's too complicated. this is because the progress of the player is not garanteed with the carrier. the play always needs to buy everything", "I gave it three stars for likeness I like the game only if you have more control of the players you can only pass the ball or try for field goal", "\u062d\u0633\u0628\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0647 \u0648\u0646\u0639\u0645 \u0627\u0644\u0648\u0643\u064a\u0644 \u0641\u064a\u0643\u0645 \u0627\u062a\u0641\u0648\u0647 \u0627\u0627\u062a\u0641\u0648\u0647 \u062e\u062e\u062e\u062e\u062e\u062e \u0627\u062a\u0641\u0648\u0647 \u0648\u0627\u0644\u0644\u0647 \u0627\u0643\u0644\u0627\u0628\u0647 \u0627\u0646\u062a\u0645 \u0645\u0646 \u0639\u0634\u0627\u0646 \u0627\u062a\u0646\u0632\u0644\u0648\u0647 \u0648\u064a\u0646\u0643 \u064a\u0627\u0645\u0627\u0631\u0643 \u0634\u0648\u0641 \u0647\u0627\u0644 \u0645\u0647\u0632\u0644\u0647", "i can not get the latest version soccer star but it is a good game", "Good game but it just doesn't seem to work well for example it just keeps exiting every time", "This is the best game. My national team Myanmar is in your game but there is no Burmese national league. I want you to put in our national competitions and team. Farewell and do not forget about it. Anyways great game.", "it needs more pitch time so like all the passing and the full game not just the shots", "Perfect nice game but just. More realistic stuff because it is not the best", "What the hell man!!....why Black rock boot is absent in level 13??.....i am losing the match frequently!!.......and the other boot cost 16500!.....please bring the black rock boot in level 13\ud83d\ude11", "Why can't we customize are characters skin color", "Stupid game No afence", "Anytime I play for 20 minutes my phone exits the game without without me doing anything", "cool game. Enjoyable and isn't a hard a game but fun.", "I love this game", "the game was very super", "pls improve the game relationship feture and improve controles", "add kurdish super league", "Wow copy of score hero", "it a great game", "its good but dont connect to internet to show video", "osama star 10", "Best Shooting game so far. Mo Sky cares.", "Great game!", "very good game. It's an exciting game", "good game but cant loading", "super game", "very good", "very good game", "beautiful game . I like game", "very good is game", "Its nice i really loved it", "good game", "very good game", "very good game, and good graphics. I enjoyed it.........", "good game", "its amazing", "Good", "superb", "nice $ good game", "dias", "fair", "its sooo good", "Non non non nonsense", "good, and wonderful", "it's a fun game", "Jimmy", "bad0", "\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "good game", "nice game", "nice game", "nice", "awsome", "nice", "nice", "good", "the best of the best", "good", "Good", "nice", "Great", "good", "nice", "i love it", "Good", "enjoyable", "good", "best", "very very nice game.\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude00", "needs an update I dont like the fact that we have to spend a full bar of energy per game and we shouldn't lose energy on social. my final complaint is that our lifestyle energy goes down WHY!!!", "It's a NYC game bt u r always blamed ND ur teammate sucks every team u play for gets religated plz make it to b more lyk score hero I mean I must also control my teammates coz they r the ones who sucks,", "Stuck on level 11 as takes to long to build up stats and money. After 3 seasons there I'm getting rather bored as no end in sight!! Frustrating when opposition act like ball magnets and steal from your feet :(", "It a great game but in the next update please the player should not be waiting for the ball to reach them they should be more active nd it like wen your in the club dey tend not to improve eve after promotion and if possible we should be able to see our club members nd their ratings please and train...Full Review", "very mad app app bad scoring control. stupid players escorting defenders to clear out ball.but forget o the game make sense die if not for those two faults.", "4 stars. it's a good but very expensive game to play update it makes you use diamonds to replay the missed chances and you cant control keepers I.e 98 goals scored 86 goals conceded", "its a rip of score hero and more but worse am sorry but the ball always kicks high when you want to pass close and you can't get anything wrong by a little bit you have to get it perfect otherwise you start over never rate a game 1 star embarrassing", "It's harder to win a trophy at your club.I once contributed 60 goals in one season and almost got relegated.All I want is a little bit of fairness.Is that to much to ask?", "somw glitches as far as the goal tender falling past the goal line should syill be a goal id like more money so it evens out to purchase boots etc...", "totaly unreal, I have a lead 3-0 and lose 3-4 in just 20 minutes and still no corner kicks, when goalkeeper kicks the ball behind the goal its corner not nothing.", "full bar energy consumption is so bad, only 1/4th should be consumed per game like score! hero by FTG", "Nice and amazing! The annoying part is that you have to pay for the mistake of your colleagues!", "great game i like the new update but mr developer please make this game is to play in low version android besides use obbs", "even one star i cant give waste megabytes to download such is aweful can't even play it", "i love this game but your player shouldnt get the blame if he was the best in the team when they lose", "Awesome but i have been playing this game for year but never receive a gift. At list have some mercy on me", "Thank you so much for the update you guys are the best ill tell my friends to play your game", "this game is awful they combined new star soccer and score hero and it does not work i suggest not installing this app", "Very hard to score goals. most of the time you would have no chance of score but your opponent scores 3 - 5 goals just in a minute. and also very hard to gain money and gem. in addition in new update you need to pay after every match for your property.", "would give it 5 but the games are to short and it take to much energy for 1 game other than that I really like it", "The 10th level of tech training is a damn. You always put the ball through the ring and on the target but the level never completes.still the 10th level of technique training can't be cleared.", "The worst game I have ever seen", "not accurate opponent scores 3 goals 1 minute I can't understand that", "loved it it has costumes awesome graphics but when you fail any game you loose number of your coach or fans other one when the energy is of you cannot even increase your fans or sponsors or coach", "it is a good game but we did not play some minutes", "This game is the best but I can't change my player's name so please work on that", "but need a bit more control of the game like formation and player replacement", "This Game Is Dope The Best Soccer Game For The Phone But You Barely Can Play The Game Energy Is Over To Quick.. You Should Be Able To Do More 3 Stars", "it's always taking a long time to refill energy . you also have to spend all the money you gain on shoes or coach.", "When I try to get on the game it freezed but when I do get on I love the game.", "Best soccer game with lot of unique features I have ever seen.. We can have an experience of playing it really as if we r only playing it..", "The energy finishes too quickly. Too quickly.", "I Like This, Better Than Before!", "wait half an hour to play one match !! seriously?? im deleting this games", "its a great game but why the energy bar\ud83d\ude2a?", "it's to hard this game and make me angry", "less games and make it easier to be on national team depending on the nation.", "did not like the price of some items", "www horrible game just kidding hahahha", "its good because deeznutz", "Is a good game I always play it everyday", "gioco mangiasoldi.....ti costringe a spendere per andare avanti", "This is very nice game", "Not bad for an under rated game", "Nice very good game", "cost choosing \u00e0 fabric", "its massive but some more entertaining stuff can be added but i still rate it 4 out of 5", "Worst game.", "I find ur teammates acting retardly", "So poor in scoring goals", "needs to allow us to pick our teams but apart from that its perfect for all the soccer lovers", "\u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u062e\u0648\u0628 \u062a\u0627 \u062d\u0627\u0644\u0627 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0628\u0647 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u062e\u0648\u0628\u06cc \u0646\u062f\u06cc\u062f\u0645", "nice game..very nice", "world best game", "can you put zimbabwe league pls", "just started. lets see if if this beats pes 2019", "It's gud but few catch ups has to be done", "excellent graphics nice realistic game", "shai karet hasji chanert can india skeuart", "\u06cc\u06a9\u0645 \u0647\u0646\u06af \u0645\u06cc\u06a9\u0646\u0647 \u0648\u0644\u06cc \u0647\u0645\u0647 \u0686\u06cc\u0634 \u062e\u0648\u0628\u0647", "I live for this game", "This game is very entartening game.I all so happy to playing this game.the graphics of this game is good.", "A lot of bugs", "great game love it made me quit playing COC and many others", "Right but hard play next season often update but simple game why often update this", "It makes you think", "coins is very shortage", "Very nice one. Its cool", "great game but they should put events in it more often \ud83d\ude01this game isnt \ud83d\udca9\ud83d\udca9\ud83d\udca9", "the game is good and very interesting that player can create any football player", "really fun dose not get boring play it for hours", "i dont wnt play it", "thats a wast of tim", "but why energy bar", "\u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc\u0647 \u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u062e\u0648\u0628\u06cc\u0647", "I like soccer", "nice app good gaming app we like to play the game", "hmm...not very good but not very bad...", "The best game but it hardly give bonuses", "very for playing", "good game", "this game is good indeed", "Da best", "good game. the graphics could be better though", "Fu..... Game", "very very very super game", "Really cool game for us", "this game is good but it s so bound", "not bad keeps me busy i like it", "Good lt do not have barcelona", "best game", "Best game I've played in a while.", "fantastic game", "very good game , thanks a lot of", "great game worth it", "I just want to say good", "awesome game really good for anyone", "it is very good game please install it", "you feel like a real footballer", "good game but need a girlfriend", "very nice game! briliant\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\ude00", "fabolus game", "osssssssssaaaaaaammmmm game", "very gud", "It works", "super game", "Ronaldo games", "beautiful game", "One of the great and so addictive.", "this is total nonsense", "will it work on a Samsung s4 the update that is??", "This is good nor bad", "gameplay", "vi", "good game or app thanks for it", "Very nice and very beautiful", "one of the best football game", "best soccer game ever", "best game ever!", "good game", "Nice Game", "pogba \ud83d\udca9\ud83d\udca9 \ud83d\ude05"], "Let's Vegas Slots": ["I've been playing this game purely for amusement. I know as an American I'll never achieve any real rank. the game is so racist and bias that its in fact funny. this is why every year less and less Americans spend real money to play.", "I thoroughly enjoy this casino. I use to hit the jackpot a few times but not anymore. if i bet anything over 40 000 I lose everything. Betting 9 000 or less you don't win anything. it is a challenge.", "Do not play this racist game made by Chinese based in Taiwan,they have stolen from My credit card & have not responded properly only automated bot,read the reviews on Facebook page Lets Vegas & you'll see how many people have despise the Chinese bc they treatment non Asians very badly Once they get ...Full Review", "Where's My Jackpot?...it's been so long I haven't got one,,thanks", "awesome", "\ud83e\udd10", "best", "This is my first complaint. Something wrong with your pay out. One time,I forgot exactly how much, I think it's about 24,000,000 but when it showed my balance it's even less than what I had!!! it also happened everytime I got the wager spin. How come it's less than what I had??? Do we need to pay a ...Full Review", "Do not like all they want is money no fun anymore.", "I enjoy playing slot machine games with my friends.", "Let's Vegas Slots are fun, fun, fun !!", "I enjoy this game and play everyday.", "WOW", "ok", "its awesome", "awesome....", "Big wins ... For the winners lol best casino. Spin hard to win BIG.", "Love so much let's vegas \ud83d\ude18\ud83d\udc93\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc9b\ud83d\udc9a\ud83d\udc99\u2764\ud83d\ude18", "I like it lots", "So far so good", "Slot diamond classic.....Ho Yeh.......", "Good", "Always the same jackpot winners they. Have billions and you can't even win a jackpot if you don't spend money on here the never let you win a jackpot so rigged", "Should provide more bonuses", "Best Slot payout.", "BEST OF THE BEST!!!\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "Nice", "Love the variety of all games, slots and card games. Fun for all ages. Love it...", "Ok can play this game for hours", "Very disappointed in the game because the same people win jackpots and you give other people a chance to win big as well .its not a matter of betting high", "By far the best casino games on the internet..", "Great games lots of sins thanks", "Thank u", "Great games", "Hi there, please give us more free coin, and make a jackpot little easy please thanks you", "Fun for the whole family kids and parents alike", "I love the bonus games,and the. Weekly,bonus,and weekly new games to play.", "Newly installed, I like it so far", "great fun to play..", "I love LV", "The game is brilliant", "Just updated to new version.. Game won't load ...", "4 YEARS AND GOING DIR MORE!!", "Best games", "I quit the first time and i figured it has changed any on winning but it \ndidn't still the same. I'm really quiting this game cause it hasn't changed \none bit. So everyone be careful or it will leave your wallet empty.", "Super fun & cute...the only casino game I keep coming back to...\ud83e\udd8a", "Enjoyed this game since 2014", "Great", "Good", "permhlaan avak hambar tapi bila dah main lama lama game ni amazing.. anda \nboleh cuba", "Don't really know yet.", "I like", "Its very entertaining. The bonus games are fun. Highly recommend this \ndownload. :)", "I still love this game \ud83d\udc9e\ud83d\ude0d", "Very hard to win a jackpot", "Rip off", "I simply love LVC\ud83d\ude0d", "ok", "Entertainment", "like it", "Generous", "Yeah", "Wonderful", "Its OK..just not as good as the computer version I guess", "what kind games slot your make ??for enjoy our take it all my MONEY!!!my \nTIME ALSO...!!! WTMOTHERFF......!!!NOW I REALLY LOVE UNINSTALL THIS GAME \nFOR ONCE AGAIN...FOR EVER IN MYLIFE..!!!", "Nice,", "Not bad", "This app has gotten old and worn out for me, and I won't be playing it ever \nagain.... it's time to move on!", "Too little wins. The odds are extremely against a player.", "Love this casino.", "Love this game", "Best la", "The credits go too fast. It doesn't matter if you win them or buy them. If wins came more and jackpots came around more often it would be better. Overall an excellent game!", "I just paid 50.00 it was,successful  purchase. No coins said failed.  Not happy after 4k in past year.", "Wish I could win jackpots and not lose coins so quickly", "Are good slot bcoz we can see other player to..", "It's a really good app try it.", "Awesome preemo games.   My favorite.", "I Love this game", "Great.... I  like it", "Thanks for games", "Just fan", "\u2605\u2605\u2605\u2605\u2605", "NICE GAME", "Love it", "Don't mind this game. Could be a little more exciting.", "im having a good time with this game .", "The best slot game kick asss game", "Great slot!!!", "This game alsome", "I like it", "Very good", "Tell u ?? Ur games play so many trick n let we lose ...ur...is liar game..,I will spend money for commpany....liar game !!!!!", "\u8cb7\u5c11\u898b\u5c11\u7684\u6e38\u620f,\u529d\u5927\u5bb6\u522b\u73a9!!\u5f88\u5751\u4eba\u7684,\u6709\u5403\u6ca1\u8d54\u7684\u6e38\u620f,\u4e0d\u80fd\u73a9      \u8fd0\u4f60\u59b9    \u6b63\u5728\u505a\u5f55\u5f71,\u4e0a\u4f20\u5230\u4f60\u4eec\u7f51\u7ad9\u8ba9\u5176\u4ed6\u73a9\u5bb6\u770b\u770b\u4f60\u4eec\u662f\u600e\u4e48\u5403\u4eba", "Love this game been playing it for years it's top noch", "Good luck for me", "Outstanding slots", "jgf", "New player for me in this game hope will enjoying a great time.", "It is rigged if you don't buy coins you get nothing", "Love the game except when I struggle to get a win at all", "IT'S DIFFERENT BUT GOOD", "I rate this a minus 5. I've been playing since December 2012 and now it is no fun anymore. Always the same winners day in, day out! Un installed!!! Unless you spend real money, then forget ab out winning anything! Goodbye LVC!", "They're money hungry goblins that won't give you twenty minutes of play, even if you pay.", "I like playing this game.", "Just starting hope I win", "Always want to play the games..", "Great grachics. Has more then just slots. Very fun.", "Need more money,. And more money.", "Nice work", "I love Let's Vegas...", "Craps is the best", "It's great.", "Great game", "Love it", "Love it", "This is an updated comment after regualy playing for three years.Whereas, the years have passed and the following has become the sad truth. I do not intend to  bash the site, but things need to change because too many good , lont-time,  loyal players are leaving in droves due to the unrealistically ...Full Review", "Why ask what we think, your not gonna do anything to make the game more fun!!!", "Just Fan", "Superb game", "Great", "good graphics good pay out and nice place to play thanks lvc", "Best game..fun..addictive! Been playing it for years!", "Awesome", "Game is kool but it would be kick ass if you showed some T&A..", "I've given only one star for this site which had once been a 5, due to the fact that it's no longer fun to play on &  it's absolutely impossible to win big... Unless you pay real money you are very unlikely to end up with millions... I don't think it fair for a site to have favourites when it's mean...Full Review", "I like this slot\ud83d\udc97 Please give me Jackpot\ud83c\udf86", "Wish me luck ...play on this game", "Enjoy playing this game,,,I want to win jackpot", "Pretty cool game Love it", "Love  the games thanks lol", "Just nice only..", "Love this!!!\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "Great game!!!!\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc9c", "I like it", "Nice vame", "Great bingo", "Fun", "So me and my mother are having the same issue. We open the app, hit guest, and it pops up a note that says we have the older version. Looking at the app right now there is no option to update it. I'm not sure what to do to resolve this, I'd appreciate a reply on what to do or if we just need to wait...Full Review", "Unfortunately I can not update my app. Why is that?", "I love this  gamd but the game dont love me", "More jackpots for me please\ud83d\ude09", "No jackpot come", "No comments hahahahhhhhh", "Love it!", "I Love These Games", "Good apps", "Good game", "Excellent", "They have  tightened the machines so bad that  after years of playing I am broke and can't even win enough to really play.  Bummer cuz this was my number 1 go to game. It seems like every time they close for maintenance quit paying less and less . Twice I  won the bonus points for being in the upper...Full Review", "All time I win but after 2 minutes gone haaaaa its boring  plsss don't install it pl\u00dfsssssss", "Best app...jackpot please.....", "One of my favorite", "Yep", "Best game ever", "I love it", "Awesome game", "Great", "Fxxxxxx cheat \ud83d\udcb0 game. And why always connection time out, try later???????????", "My favorite game when I was 15 years old", "Hard to win and the price is to high to top up", "Awesome thank you so much.", "I like it", "Its an okay game. Do not expect much. There's winnings but expect very heavy losses as well.", "BEST OF THE BEST. JUST TRY AND YOU GONNA LIKE \ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude18", "It's ADDICTIVE..... But casino need to understand that we cannot spend on it like real casino...as atlast its fake chips only", "I'm only been playing for less than 2nd minutes and I already won  big. This app is great and amazing.:)", "I just started but I think I will like this one", "Relek buss...santai", "Best game...", "Awesome", "Good", "I'm so disappointed. I've been playing this game for years and even paid into it and still having problems . I cant get free coins from the fans page and I get kicked off a lot. I've checked my wife connection and its working great. Must be the game itself.", "More aggravating than fun...don't waste your time!", "Love to play the games of LVC great stress reliever", "Like gambling", "Interesting", "Love it", "good", "It's very sad that when people spend their money on this casino app you money hungry owners, and operators don't reward them for it! You people at LVC just don't appreciate it when players do spend money on you when they don't have to do so, but when they do you should show some respect, and allow t...Full Review", "Had a few days of fun and all my money drops to zero.. Payout getting worse. I can't even play for an hour a day. Wish I can find a slot game that gives me more hours of gameplay.", "Great selection of game themes and a great way to pass the time. Of course, it is for entertainment. So if you're going to spend money on the games, know that the games can be addictive.", "Love it.. great game..big wins..n  all the game's are awesome in lets vegas.. it gives me a fun way to relieve stresssss.... anyway thanks... good job.. give me more.. jackpotttt", "It's a fun way to pass time, addicting too. And you don't have to spend real money, however you may....", "I think this is my stress releaver", "I like it very much", "Needs more details in the games", "So far so good", "This is one of my favorite games!", "I love LVC", "Good all rounder.......with some nice mini games", "Very good", "Crap", "I love this game", "Is greate", "nice game", "fun", "Best", "Great game but pay outs could be bigger", "I hope they add baccarat n craps, texas holdem no limit it would be more fun for the players."], "Bubble Trouble": ["so my mom been playing this and she's stuck on level 968 for about five days now. It seems like whenever i'll wait for the last layer balls to go down the wooden balls touch the red line. How can I past through it? Is there any way can i clear the last layer balls before the wooden balls touch he re...Full Review", "What I hate about it is that : as you go up, it does not challenge you but controls you. Why should it force us to go it's way and not challenge to defeat??? The developer of this game is very stupid. you provide balls that dont match....now i understand you are devilish....yes you work for the devi...Full Review", "got to level # 81 could not pass this level, tried more then100 times, not even my grandson could pass and he s good. then game got boring, no fun.", "This game is nice. It makes me want to play it at every moment . Whether happy or sad. It makes me to stop thinking of my problems and I think people should try this because it will make them feel better. I am a testimony.", "Since when do you have to scroll & scroll & scroll to get to the level your on. I contacted support like u suggested and still haven't heard anything. Its now 8-19-18! It is now 2-20-19 and i have been stuck on level 968 for at least 3 months now!! really? can u at least help meout here?", "Don't bother with this game. Big lag time response shooting. Aiming is messed up. Shot Might go where crazy. Color is good", "new. very difficult brings the ball which is not there. I don't control the game. give optional If you are unable, be able to jump to next stage.", "I gave 5 star becuase I really enjoyed it and it gaves me excitement every time I pass the level and also it gaves me happiness and energy especially when im tired because of my work\u2764", "How come level 449 is 10 times harder than 448. Battling for a week!", "please help me pass level 968 been stuck for days ..I'm even tempted to delete it ..please help", "Way too many ads in the middle of play & several times writing this comment! Ugh.", "Is a very nice game but if it had some options for blasting the bubbles at some stage , it would be better", "very hard level 353 try it so many times but i cant finish..", "Good Ok I can do I will I will be there for the first time since I've been with my dad and see if they are ok and", "Its A Challenging Game But Its Very Fun Too Just That It Needs More Stages/Levels Since Its Very Addictive", "level 968 seems to be impossible as the sides reach the bottom before you can see all the bubbles", "Thr is no hints or help to cross the levels if you get stuck. No pause button only tons of ads", "Sir, ! Level no 449 is very hot , plese help us ,", "It is very worst game I had ever seen", "It's a little bit difficult to clear stages in short time but good one", "At the end of the game you put the wrong balls \ud83d\ude11", "the best it will always keep uu going ...stressed or not this game will never bor uu....i love it\u00b6\u2206", "I don't like the fact that this gsne dosen't give you rewards once you have completed levels, like other games do.", "relaxing. I am 72 and try to enjoy games that keep my mind active. enjoy this game.", "The game is really nice, keep it up, I love to play because is so fast", "wow the game is so good i like it it make me happy anytime i praying it", "What kind of game in level 968 its disgusting", "this game is sooo good, i really love it, it gave u ability to think and reson.", "I really loved all the games apps thru my friend google...", "this was such a good game wea by it relaxes my mind whenever I play it \ud83d\udc9e\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc9d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4f", "No reward it's game over it's game over add some coins as rewards to it", "Love it and is better than the rest of the games I've played.", "Please I need a new level I hv played the last level which is 1000", "It's really disappointing at the level of 968", "It's a relaxing game I like to play this game whenever I feel off", "please stop sending adverts when we are playing the game it disturbs", "one of the few bubble games you will not get bored of", "This is great, am happy to have is app keep it up", "I think it will work for me best by killing my boredom", "Pliz change level 81 it's difficult", "the ads are terrible though after every game!!!! really!?!", "Totally awesome and super fun.east and you get lost playing it!", "The game is very good it keeps you relaxed very challenging", "I really like this game it's lit and refreshing", "I am very interested in this game very very very very very very very very very nice game \ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude06\ud83d\ude17\ud83d\ude19\ud83d\ude1a\u263a\ufe0f\ud83d\ude42", "To much of adds very bad", "Nice game. Its very fantastic I like it", "Its a nice bubble pop up game...so interesting", "This game makes your mind to be more wider and more open", "Interesting, challenging and good fun. Require wisdom", "the game is good but contains too many ads. thanks", "Sooooooo fantastique!!! I really enjoyed tris game", "400/500 ,this is one of the games i love so much", "It is not boring it is seriously good game", "Its fun but very addictive.", "I really love this game wow", "It's a fun game to play thump \u261d", "No guide lines to play the game when u go higher level", "It's truly a challenge! Awesome game", "it is so boring can't install this app", "Hard Bahut Hai 20 stage ke baad se", "I love thos hame its best", "It is nice game .There are so many levels in this.I think it should be more interesting .", "Just started, lots of fun.", "Plzz guyss download this game this is very interesting... Superb game...", "This game is time waste", "The game is good but so childish", "I will like to continue playing", "Make the color dark Abit", "Fast game..have to move quick!", "This game is very nice thankx guys", "OMG it's awesum I'm loven it", "It is the worst game ever", "Uuumh it's kinda cool at ma syd", "I think it's have a lots of fun", "very bad and not even fan", "Very nice game. I like it.", "I like the game can do without the Advertising", "I love this Bubble Candy....", "Excellent game when one want to relax", "fun to play and very much enjoyable", "Nice game kindly update more it stop in 1000", "the game was awesome but after 1000 stage there is nothing more level", "perfect I love it so much I can play it till day break .thanks", "It's a nice game to play.", "the game is much tricky to play", "I enjoy the challenges that arise with this game.", "After level 400 stupidly harder to enjoy", "No this game is disgusting very bad", "game is fun!!! needs quick response.", "Hatedit you cheat to much", "I just love and enjoy this game", "One of my favorite game", "It's a good game for children", "Freezes all the time!", "I think that itis a nice game", "I don,t now the playbbls is not related", "Chhi chhi ghatiya app sudhar kr bhosdk", "Change levels its like thre are the same", "Best bubble game ever.", "I love the game but now I'm stuck at 968 which doesn't seem passable...bummer!", "It's good to play", "what a mind stimulating activity, i love this game", "It's enjoyable especially when you are bored", "Calm game. Short and easy", "Waaooo I'm in level 215 and I can't over past it anymore someone helps me", "Thank my mom loves it", "Terrific!! Makes me busy quem me daughter is away. Thx", "Great past time game", "Very good nice work", "It's too intense.", "Refreshing ,distract from problems", "Stuck on level 215 \ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude24", "phaltu game . Don't waste your time", "\u0632\u0641\u062a \u0632\u0628\u0627\u0644\u0647 \u0648\u0644\u0627\u064a\u0633\u0648\u0649 \u0646\u062c\u0645\u0647 \u0648\u0627\u062d\u062f\u0647", "It's was OK but take to much time.", "I can reach the end", "Top geme Raj Tanwar", "Just keeps me busy day by day", "More needed efficiency in controls", "Just time passing by using brain", "weight saw s9 to f3Los to o2pk trap Lf", "It's very nice game", "This Game is very good i like it", "I enjoyed the game a lot.It kept me busy.", "It is a good game...", "when I can play it i find agood game", "It is a smart game .", "Takes away boredom", "wow!", "this game is very bad", "Its just a nice game", "It's good game", "nice game i love it", "I am very enjoy this game", "It's a nice game", "The game is cool.", "Nice game.keeps me alive when am bored", "It's okay in train", "love this game.", "One of best free game.", "It's amazing game", "Make beautiful designs with the bobbles", "I Sl L", "A really entertaining and educating game. Thanks.", "Thanksgivinglll o ll", "I like it very much...", "I just love this game", "this game is very addictive and nice", "Good game to refresh", "level 215 can not be played", "good game i love it", "I love this game", "Very nice game", "no more 1000 uo", "No space with this lat of space\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude17\ud83d\ude17", "It's awesome", "It is hopeless game", "Lots of fun to play it", "I like this game", "It's Nice", "It was amazing.", "I like playing it", "Game", "I complete the game 1000 levels", "Very good game", "I like it a lot and it fun", "Very very baaaaaaat game", "very difficult game", "It's amazing", "very nice gme", "Very interesting game", "daunloda bab ulu trabul game", "Very sample game", "it a nice game and is fun", "onek valo game omg", "I love the game", "Rani love you", "Its awesome!!!\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude4c\ud83d\ude4c\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc96", "I am real happy and enjoyed this game. This is my first game to finish all levels. Lovely!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "very bad......game", "Only time pass", "Ok dafaa hota the \u013allllllllll", "Level 968 is suck", "good time pass", "it's soo nice", "Time pass", "Match the colours", "Not god", "Is a good game", "Have a nice day", "Mukesh banjare", "It game interest", "Bikash is variy", "Very good game", "Time pass", "I like it", "Gluab Kumar", "Game quite okay", "oh ! what a game"], "Racing Fever: Moto": ["could you maby be able too make a thing where you could get friends", "its a nice game..", "tak elok main", "Try it game", "latest game", "Nice Game", "best game", "great", "good games", "The game is good. The controls are easy and precise, the opponents are fair abd graphics are good. The only downside is the price of the bikes. Although you can put the money together by watching the ads, I think some bikes are too expensive (plus the H2R is not the fatest bike... really? ) Oh, and ...Full Review", "This game is fun, no doubt. But every game has some kind of glitch. Same case with this game. I don't know other players faced this glitch or not, but during some levels, whenever I set my steering controls to tap-type, after the countdown of race start, bike starts to turn on one side without press...Full Review", "Pretty fun game overall, but there is a glitch when you get done with a race. It wont let you collect more coins by watching a short ad. It just makes you hit cancel to continue to the next race. Kinda disapointing. Not that I always watch the ever present ads, but it would be nice to be able to col...Full Review", "sweet and wonderful. best racing game i've played.can play it all day. it's lovely features are awesome.the option of challenges are fantastic.I still feel some features like newer bikes,sport cars can be added. let's race on cities,deserts,roads in between houses so d road dont have to be straight....Full Review", "Why so much adds?! Oh, its terrible, to watch for 2 ads after each race! What is it? I must choose to watch them, but not be forced!! And have lost all precious progress unfortunately.", "after finishing 3rd level... not sure how to go to next level. after winter level can not able to go level 17... there was not proper note. should have said Something what I am doing wrong or what I did wrong.", "Overall i love this game.. but i hate how driver turning, and i realy hate my motor sound. i am using motorcycle that has 2 lamps at the front vertically)", "i will give it five star if the developer consider us racing with other motor cycle than vehicles. also we need some city racing with coners and so many pavements especially to run from police and the police must improve its aggressive", "it's a really good game so far but I have only had game for 2 days hence 4 stars as it kept coming up for a review I personally think people should have more days to play the game before asked for a review part from that it's a really good game very addictive most games bore me after a few minutes o...Full Review", "I really like the 3rd angle camera.. only one thing bothers me is the way the biker body moves on bike while manoeuvring.. That doesnt look that good.. Btw game is too good timepass..", "I love the speed, please try to include bends on the roads and new locations. And the multiplayer opponents don't look real. Level 2 opponent using the fastest bike, and outrunning me(level 28 fastest bike) like flash.", "this game was awsome.it was the best race game ever i have played.but i have doubt why police is racing with us while the other polices are trying to stop us.i like this. i think if u update it by adding cars too it will be more exciting.thanks for this game", "Extremely entertaining & fun to play but in multiplayer mode, after every race - an \"AD\", it's very annoying to say the least! Other than that, I highly recommend this awesome game, if you're into motorcycles! Thank you...\u270c", "I love it, it makes sense. And it is time killing. but I have a problem anytime I watch a video for my money to be doubled, after watching the video it still doesn't double.", "thought it was cheesy at first but then became extremely addictive Graphics is good enough to enjoy once you get used to it multiple camera views for liking smooth usability even has police chases in there this game is a must download definitely you have races and police chases can't beat that", "The game is fab... its easy to control, each level has new challanges, and this is what makes this game more interesting. The saddest part is that... i finished all the levels, within two days. \ud83d\ude4d\ud83d\ude4d\ud83d\ude4d sad", "yes please follow me band hua tha pichle saal jiyo hazaro saal jiii dhyaab and answers of biology class me nhi tho kya h jadda problem h na to aapko msg krte h kya apnebolte", "One of only few racing games i've ever been addicted to... superfine graphic and contro, though it isn't that smooth on my device.. but i still enjoy it", "Game is really good, however I can't able to do rematch. Rematch doesn't work when opponent wants to rematch, it says \"an unknown error has occurred, please try again later\". Please fix this.", "Racing Fever: Moto is one of the best of its kind in recent time, tge developers of this game are awesome, full of welldone job, very addictive game. The game deserved 6stars but i will complied with 5stars rule", "I like this game. its very very very gooooooooood\u060c but it has a problem, that is low visibility at night. I think cars lamp (both of white and red) should be full color than now. thanks", "it's too buggy. after a few crushes the road and all elements accept the vehicles disappear. after match a rematch request shown, but accepting it return an unknown error message. and i don't even have this rematch option in my side!", "Too much adds. And then after winning a race I was not given a chance to double my coins. but I am forced to see adds any way. Otherwise this is a good game. Graphics is good too.", "OK so I've had the game a few months now and I've finally gotten fed up with all the ads and the constant pestering to watch vids for double bubble... Only to not receive said cash...", "it's a gr8 game it has gr8 graphics it's long going without any glitches or lagging it has nice bikes and terrific rewards I'd say designed to keep you wanting more", "The graphics are great, the game plays very smoothly . The controls make me feel like I am on an actual bike. So addictive, I cant stop playing it.", "I had Completed All levels do i get any rewards...!! Now am gonna Uninstall it Playing on it Got Bored...!!! Overall nice racing Game \ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude0b", "AWESOME GAME Bt I Just Want To log in in this game ..and i can not want to lose my levels ,,Please Help Me The Creator Please Replay Me....\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d Thank you", "actually liked this game allot spent alittle money and allot of time had the third to last bike felt safe in deleting this app for just for a moment and google play usaully saves everything but i guess this game does not have that feature really blows was looking forward to beating it but now im ove...Full Review", "Its the best moto racing game I've seen so far if more could be added onto the campain races and the motorcycle collection that would be awesome! I would love to see this game grow more", "y in secnd level desert 25 level is not opening. just we r getting done. bt its not working. try to solve my problem", "\ud83d\udc4c pretty awesome game i love a game that can get me out of my head for awhile need more games like this keep up the great work! \ud83d\udc4d", "great game but stats not correctly displayed at the end of a race. I've a screenshot if developers wanna see. e.g. You win the race still opponent's time shown is less than yours.", "I've been playing this game for a few days and I have to say it's pretty good as racing games go, and you can also run from the police as well... like I said only playing for a few days ,I recommend it it's addictive and fun... REVL9", "very nice Game. I don't know why poeple are saying that this game has a glitch but to me there is no glitch. very addictive and interesting. please download. and the best part is that the game has a short amount of ads.\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "I do this in traffic everyday, so I know what gaps I can fit the bike into without crashing. This game is calibrated for a 3 foot wide bike...not very real. And I pass 12 cops and it only says 3.", "pretty good. Nice difficulty levels. But the rider on the home screen looks like he has only half of a helmet....Fix that.", "I love this game so fast bikes I put all stars for becouse I win on This game lot of time as I'm still winning on this game. HUGO BOSS\ud83d\udc51\ud83d\udc7d\ud83d\udc7e\ud83d\udc7a\ud83d\udc79\ud83d\ude08", "only six level in this game and i have complete six level . In this game has no prize. complete six level. I humbly request this game co to given me prize on complete six level. Your thankfully, Shivam from(INDIA)", "please upgrade asian motorcycle small moto but very power famous moto asia like Honda EX5, Honda Wave 100, Yamaha 125 ZR, Yamaha RXZ i think asia people play this game please respect asia.", "there are bugs but u get many rewards so its possible to buy motorbikes. its a good racing game (fix the npcs)", "Ugh i was normally trying not to get a crash on the No crash level but then \"paul\"'s car hit mine he was at the back of me and then i lost!!!", "this game is very boring stupid game ther is no turning no interest to play plz add turning in the game orelse i may stop playing this game", "such a beautiful game to spend your time and do nothing for the rest of your life haha! love it but beautiful manipulation.\ud83d\ude01", "Very good graphics for a free game like this. I'm just experiencing that the motorcycle was frequently swerving the motorcycle automatically.", "I really enjoy this game. Hope they add more places, i mean place for racing like motogp haha", "i am unable to go to level 13 even though I have completed till level 12", "It is a bst nd osm gme like traffic rider I'm complete it's all levels It is a mind blowing game.", "better than the games which try to copy this. I actually found this one after getting bored from one of the copies.", "nice game to play but one problem in the game their control very bad bwcause some time bike automatically turn please solve this issue & improved the controls", "Graphics are good as well as controls, Nicely done, Hope to see some new Levels and New Racing Bikes.. Keep it up...", "The game is very good I m expecting new one that will be like this in a car driving. Kudos to the maker", "I need you to give me back my bike. I had galaxy s4 now I own note 9. I could give 5*", "some times when I start a race it makes me steer left or right on it's own causing me to wreck", "good but so many adds. that's disgusted to me", "it's very addictive game i had ever play but its better more if you add more bikes", "i reaaly love this game enjoing it very much keep working on it and it will become the best moto game. i can give you some advise that the roads in the game are straight there should be some curves so that we can turn left or right or change our lanes. will really appreciate it.", "game is nice but you are reckless I asked how to unlock custom mode but for 2 months also there is no reply you dont deserve to create this game at all but god gave the chance to you", "This is the best bike racing game I have played,, it's so awesome. Please I would want you guys to add a feature that can allow me connect to my friend's phone and we can race each other. If u can do this for me,, full star for you.", "its very nice but at the last after boss race is over we can't go to the next level", "Very nice no adds good game but one thing you can do is we cannot change our face.", "Very good game i love it graphics also good only one thing added head light in night version because light is very deam", "briliet game but the last bike 2,500,000 is to hard to buy in time for gangleder 6 I am on the 5 won . I have got 1,000,000 and I bort the therd to last bike", "nice game but multiplayer modes seems fake if multiplayer unlocks at level 7 how could I get a level 4 opponent add more achievements on Google Play and more bikes", "this game crashes everytime i finiah the multiplayer races!! please do sometging!!", "Fantastic game in racing.. I ever being playing in all racing games I advice to all my frnds to download it", "Add some turns and some better music, and this one will probably be one of the best racing games available.", "reset the settings and all bikes which i have bied , vanished and started from 0 \ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20. rubbish", "it is best racing i ever played I instaled many racing games but non of them so good this is best game ever", "I liked this game a lot but I would have liked it even more if it hypu were able to ride a car", "It is really an awesome game. You never get bored.", "Its an awesome game but it would be more awesome if it had cars also So plz add the cars also in this game", "Nice racing game,good graphics,give more new sceneries to race....thank you\ud83d\ude10", "You guys have to add replay at the end and more bikes to ...it that's all ...the best bike race ever", "could have been an fun game but to many adds f...k u google", "Awesome, realistic good graphic & smooth control best game. u got to download it now", "best moto racer ever than any other racer bike i've experience love the people who create this game", "Superb Game Gud graphics use my recommendation play for once and you want to play again and again", "not interest game for this game I will give off star", "Its a great game to play and while out on,yet it teaches how to be a good rider", "game is super but plz added the replay. option. means when I play the game that game replay camera. I think u guys understand. Tq.", "ads are only the negative.. popsup after every race", "very fun game game needs More balancing like nitrogen usages, also ads are just stupid every race is a ad before r after it", "i love this game even tho i though this game was for boyd but there where girls too an i say 5 stars", "I liked you all to play and look very nice lovely 30 At level please update", "I just lost my old account", "opponent pass through car and I hate this game for this.", "Need more control for light and horn.. Nyways good game", "Awesome . GOOD JOB \ud83d\udd92 . Feels a Real Race Driving Experience. Just Fun is missing in the game \ud83d\ude1e .", "It's really addicting and the challenge is very fun. Also playing with your friends it's awesome.", "gmail se connect kr raa hu toh phle vaala backup nii aa rha h. solve this issue. bcoz saari bikes unlocks kr lii thii lagbhag", "Friggin Awesome! Expensive though...", "I beat the game and I thought it was more game to play but nt. But I do love it", "The best racing game ever made for mobile im a rider and thats the reason i installed this game but this is the best game out there for sure", "Timepass game overall, Some changes needed.", "that's game is awesome, I like it so much if you might do a correction do it in the multiplayer cause I can't choose the opponents I need", "I'm not able to unlock 13 level in racing what to do???", "Wonderful racing game i have ever played please develop like this game more, i think the lengendary h2r bike should come last... !!", "I think you should you give us some car's for the racing", "It is very interesting game, I so much love this game", "a very exellent game all graphics and controls are very good it seems that i am really riding on a bike", "leveling game we can also play multi-player good graphics loved it", "Love it if you like bikes i suggest u get this", "The game ain't bad other than the fact that when I try to use nitrous the game crashes", "It is good but their are some mistakes like when we play multiplayer our opponents are back but after sometime by cheating opponents are going in forward of us.", "Win every time All I do is win win win no matter what", "thats the first racing app I use continue.... its good ... Nice and amezing feel real", "kind a addicted game but just need to improve road . add some more road", "Racing Fever: Moto no 1 exeaiting game.", "I really haven't played much. it's ok could use some turns controls are nice", "COOLEST AND BEST MOOTR GAMES EVER!", "hey game guru I absolutely said no. 1 bike \ud83c\udfc1 racing game in the world deffnently\ud83e\udd13\ud83d\udd76 but you add many bikes in coming update please", "Wonderful, amazing,not forgetable ge, I LOVED IT", "very addictive game. every thing is good but ads \ud83c\udf83", "Great motorbike game (sure to take ya for a ride) \ud83d\ude04", "very bad game", "very bad game", "puked up with ads", "I am playing this from one month and it is very good game", "I watched 30 second video for 12k 12k is not their can i get 12k in bank", "good game, only annoying part are the adds, but its either that or u pay to play", "\u06a9\u0633\u06cc \u0628\u0644\u062f\u0647 \u0627\u06cc\u0646 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0686\u0637\u0648\u0631 \u0628\u0627\u06cc\u062f \u0631\u0648\u06cc \u062c\u06cc\u0645\u06cc\u0644 \u0633\u06cc\u0648 \u06a9\u0631\u062f \u06a9\u0647 \u0648\u0642\u062a\u06cc \u06af\u0648\u0634\u06cc \u0639\u0648\u0636 \u0645\u06cc\u0634\u0647 \u0628\u0647 \u0627\u062f\u0627\u0645\u0647 \u0628\u0627\u0632\u06cc \u0628\u0631\u06af\u0631\u062f\u06cc", "When I was starting this game it was fantastic and fabulous", "Good game but sometimes bikes turns automatically", "if you want to dovleped your skills in Riding just play and enjoy it..... must download \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "challenging: I like much and recommend better game then other games of racing bike on Playstore", "this is the best game it has many type of bike very good graphics .\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude00", "I love this game... mast h bhai mujhe to bahut bahut acha lga", "too many adds", "kebanyakan iklan anyingggg", "This game does not run full screen", "Nice Game, I Love it \ud83d\ude0d", "Haven't played a whole lot, but what I have played its a fun mindless game to pass time", "good game but i need new way left right tane plz new update", "Amazing fabulous fantastic outstanding game it is must update this game my dear fellow mates", "I think it is very very very good because it has gone way to far and I ask you please download \ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e", "It's amazing the graphics are the best!", "My bike keeps hitting the siderails without any reason, please fix it .", "Very nice game but effect not good", "very interested game and very addictive good graphics. Good controls key...", "the app deserve 1 star alot of ads I'm just going to uninstall the app", "When I am trying to take turns it is not moving sensitive", "supper bro you put levels im finish all levels", "This game has hack my phone", "game is very good!!! but it needs some improvement like make a feature by which we can make a team and increase some more controls otherwise game is good", "I hated this game cheater", "Yes good game nice game good graphics", "Feels like I'm in a real racing\u263a", "I win the game but break is not work on speed 250", "AweSsom Game anD Bikes are Too GOoD", "Good game good graphics", "One of the most addictive Moto game. \ud83d\ude0d", "i gave it four stars because when i want to dubble my money that i got from the race i whatched a ad and it won't give me the money", "it is a nice experience but sometimes it gets stuck when racing", "Good graphics. Give more bikes.", "Awesome...So addictive definitely recommend it", "chd FM vs g HK", "The game is nice but it is quite uncomfortable to play", "You can modify this game in many ways", "I think I am a real rider", "Nice Game I Want You Add More Motocycle In This Game Again...Thank You...", "Now your game started to stop during the game and this happens after last update. Kindly fixed this issue.", "I LOVE THIS GAME IT IS MY BEST RACING GAME", "game is Amazing . but way too many ads . pleaze tell me how to take them away !", "level 3 open kivabe korbo? level 2 complet korar poreo level 3 open hoy nai.please amake er somadhan bolo", "I played many bike racing, all are boring but this game is incredible\ud83d\udc4c", "good game but its quite boring because of low graphics", "Very hord trapi know", "Best bike racing game", "Too much ads run the game", "This game is super and fentastik", "all mission complete with bonus", "nyc game as compared to their processor", "i want review vedieo recorder race..!!!", "Very dancer and super bike racing game i like game", "Mind blowing game\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18loved it.Awesome game", "it was good at the beginning .... but it seems something went wrong... i played two levels... but i could not go to the next level..\ud83d\ude2d", "Seriously game good features", "I like this game,", "make sure you have downlord this game its so epic", "This Is The Besr Motto Game I Ever Played", "Awesome Game 100%", "This game is vary interesting", "Obinex to the max i love this game", "My favorite game", "It a nice and fun", "nice game play", "Good game but has some questionable ads", "Best Moto Bike", "The graphics was so amazing and sound effect was very nice", "The police chase part of the game could be better"], "Kids Puzzles - Wooden Jigsaw": ["This is a kids game but the ads are too hard to bypass for that age group. I had to be with my kid to bypass the ads while she played because she couldn't figure it out. The ads are adult based. Its almost like they expect the parent to have to bypass the ad so they look at them. finally there is no...Full Review", "There is no way to close the app. Controls are not kid friendly. The ads are not easily dismissable by a child.", "This is a okay game for kids but why are you advertising adult related services and apps on a kids game?? Keep things children friendly to children related things!", "My 2 years old loved it. I have to look for something else now that he had play this app too much", "Cute puzzles. Don't like that an ad pops up after every puzzle. Can't change difficulty level. Did not show a cost at download screen.", "Please don't download if you are above 7to10 please please please too easy game", "literally has like 8 puzzles kids got bored quick too many adds", "hii friends it is good game to baby three years old", "Paid to get rid of ads, but still got ads! Ok, after Restart", "Perfect. Toddler hooked on it from the first try", "I love this game very very much because it is too much interesting and I got my favourite cartoon characters in it", "the game is good for small children.", "I love jigsaw puzzle so much make more \ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude09", "My kid loves it :) easy and fun for all!", "I LOVE PUZZLES IS FUN GAME", "I think this game is ADORABLE!", "Contains adult advertisements. DO NOT download this app for your child!! UNINSTALL...", "Its very nice game and its very easy to play", "I think it will be very very very fun", "Cute photo s of Disney characters", "It's a cool game.", "My grandchildren will love this app", "I think this game is awesome", "the puzzle is fun b easy but way too much ads", "I love it soo much", "excellent app. but very limited items are in there... anyway i'll give you 5 \ud83c\udf1f.", "I like this game very much for ever......", "It's very nice", "I'm going to have to say that was loved", "Brain is based at the life", "Spongebob puzzle In it", "The game is alsome", "It isinteresting game", "This game is fun", "Grandkids love it !!!!", "my son loves it", "I \ud83c\udf51 u", "Super fun", "Worst game", "Kushi Kumari", "Terrible ads", "Pooooooooooooooo !!!!!!!", "I love it", "Asm", "Ghatia", "Idk", "Super", "So nice", "Kid good", "Good aap", "I'll", "Yes", "cool for kids", "this is the best game ever for baby's", "Bad", "Nice work", "Hey", "Enjoyble", "New to this", "Yan", "FUNNNNN", "\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "Good games for kids", "Awesome", "Nice", "0v", "simple game", "Good", "Such a simple game that my 3 year old kiddo loves it..", "Length it forever and ever", "I love this game", "Nice game!", "Its for. = yo mama", "Love it", "I like this game this for little kids", "based on the creators responses to ad concerns and reviews about parents worries based on user experience i rate this app a complete 0. Learn to have better customer interaction and listen to parents concerns. Absolute ignorance.", "I think it's photoshopped the pictures so I'm not going to play this up", "It's way too easy for kids,it doesn't challenge their brain.", "I downloaded this game for my two year old. first puzzle Micky mouse. as soon as the puzzle completed and advert popped up with two people in a sexual position and noises etc. horrifying. what kind of adverts are you allowing in these children's games. disgusting.", "I don't know how to write a short review.\ud83d\ude02", "the puzzles were really fun but there are not alot of puzzles maybe you should add more", "This game is amazing but sometimes it's related to the controller \ud83d\ude0f", "good app because my 3 years old brother liked it but there are to many adds", "Its really good game for kids", "I love this game installed fastest", "Chantelle what wrong how much you", "I ok but I wish there were more puzzles to do", "My girls love this app it keeps them busy for hours", "It's a good game for kids", "Kids Puzzles - Wooden Jigsaw", "I love the game \ud83c\udfae", "Puzzle is my favret game is ameging game", "Thank ful game to children", "This game is very nice", "I love this game", "Very good app", "Too many ads", "Tum kids achi lagi", "This game is very beautiful", "I liked this useful vide", "It is an awesome game", "Nice good game", "Very nice and faster", "Goooooodddd Yes thanks", "Very good game", "My niece loves it", "Very nice game", "Not very nice", "I like it.", "I'm lu ky", "Great for kids!", "It is amazing", "Best app", "Simple superb", "nice game", "Many adds", "I like this game and I think you can give it to me", "Wow this good game for kids but that ads was not close from kids", "Very good game", "It's fun but alot of ads", "Loved it!!!", "Good \ud83c\udf3b\ud83c\udf3b\ud83c\udf3b\ud83c\udf3b\ud83c\udf37\ud83c\udf37\ud83c\udf37\ud83c\udf38\ud83c\udf38\ud83c\udf38", "Kids wow", "Game", "Superb game", "Thank you", "Super game", "Aashi jain", "Super game is this", "to many ads", "Mishika.Pari", "Nothing", "Like", "Ty", "Super\ud83d\ude0d", "Waste", "It is very intresting for smallchildren", "I love this game of jigsaw", "I really enjoyed this app", "Awesoooome\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude4c\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude19\ud83d\ude17\ud83d\ude1d\ud83d\ude0b", "Wooooow", "Super", "nice", "Great", "Cool", "Good", "Nice", "Superb", "Good", "Fantastic", "Nice", "Nice", "Good", "Good", "Love it", "Nice", "Nice", "love", "Ok", "Chathnkumar", "Amazingggg", "Dharani", "Awa", "Rt", "Rohit", "Aiza", "good not like it", "Fun for kids", "Good game", "I love it", "Very good", "Nice", "Lol", "Kamranhussain", "nice", "Hate it", "Is wonderful", "i love it", "Wow \ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07", "Good", "\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18 \ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04", "Nice", "\ud83e\udd14\ud83d\udc4c", "Nice"], "Pou": ["great app! i just bought it for my Apple iPad cause the family likes it so... but why is it free for android and paid for ios??? oh and the sudoku's arent always right. they are just not right to start with sometimes.... and with games i have to press buttons and wait up to a minute till the game op...Full Review", "It is very nice and I liked it a lot. Still I have a few suggestions: Add a \nschool where you can teach many pous at the same time (including your own \none). And when Pou becomes an adult,make many jobs so that Pou can sign in \nand we can get bonus money. Please add a library where Pou can read book...Full Review", "Loved it. My first smartphone game from years a go, hahah. The graphic's not the best, but the minigames are fun! And no matter what, Pou is just so cute\ud83d\udc95 I'm not into pet-care kinda games, but I'll make sure to take good care of him. It's also great the game is still constantly being updated, too....Full Review", "The game itself is very good. I have Samsung products and Apple products at home - Apple makes you pay for the game which is an extreme inconvenience. I also find that the needs decay a bit too quickly which means I need to check every hour or so, I understand that it is the method of marketing but ...Full Review", "Great game, worth downloading, plenty to do, notifications can be turned off, all the little clothes and accessories are cute, just wish there were more wigs and I kinda want sweaters to be a clothing item on here, normal or turtle necked, with different pattern options like striped, polka dots, flo...Full Review", "I think this game is really cool. The only reason I deleted it was because I heard of a rumor that ZEPETO tracks you. They stated you can hear a faint calling noise as if you are being called and recorded. It was proven to be false but I was still freaking out. I went onto this app and her the same ...Full Review", "In sky jump, when you reach the universe it starts lagging and I lose. I don't know if only me has this problem, but it's the only game that lags on my phone. If this will change I'll change my review to 5 stars", "This is a really fun game. In fact, I've been playing this game for six years now, I don't even know how did it XD. Anyway, I would like to suggest to add a feature where you can sell the things you bought that you don't want anymore. Other than that, it's a really nice app!!", "Been playing this game on and off since I've owned a smartphone; for years. \nMy favorite part is the mini games. The noise pou makes when you try to \ngive them something they don't want is great too! Mmmnooo!", "First of all, everyone here is saying that Pou is a poo, as in poop like feces, but he is actually an alien. Just saying. Second of all this game is so fun!! Pou is legitimately adorable, and the games are fun! An overall cute and easy game. WARNING: Pou requires a lot of care. If you leave him alon...Full Review", "My special needs daughter loves this game but she wants to keep him as a baby. Is there any way we can do this. We try deleting and reinstall but he still comes back as an adult. I can't keep paying for baby potion !", "I love this game so much that l never spend a day without playing it. The thing that surprises me is that it has a lots of fun games in it. I got this game about a month ago and I already love it.l cant wait for him to grow up and become an adult...now his 7 years old.", "Oh my pou and poutastic! AMAZING! GOOD GREAT TIME KILLER AND HILLARIOS! AMAZINGGGGGGGGGG YOOOOOOHHHOOOOO YEAH right baby guys hahahaha submit no just 1 only cloth picker right and antman shirt hahahaha Merry christmas in the philippines & Happy new year! Have a good day/night! (Christian atenas) Oct...Full Review", "like it overall but if u all don't start rewarding me with my coins for my achievements in the games. i guess I'll just have to eventually delete. 3rd time i played pou words and u all wont give me my coins.", "Pou is probably the first game I have ever had as a kid, and I still love it. The game does need improvements though as where, you could add a library that Pou and me could check out, also you could put it where a few books cost money. Also, you should put lots of holiday things like, when it is Chr...Full Review", "Fix/update this game please!!!!! This has always been a very enjoyable experience with very enjoyable, and sometimes very time consuming, mini games. My negativity is limited to the fact that the gameplay and control is so terrible on my new phone (Moto G6) that it is practically impossible to use t...Full Review", "This is like your taking care of a baby to adult because you wash it use \nmoney to buy food and buy clothes and medicines background and more I think \nit's a good game. It also has more game as the pou playing it so it like \nentertainment if. I was you I would play it but only if u don't want to \nki...Full Review", "Im getting bored currently at lvl 43. And to get to next lvl is anoying, as u hv to play the same thing repeativly. And im not as addictive as i once were. Pls add more game n add more fun to interact with pou, i like touching pou body n make it laugh. But thts the only thing i knw tht cn mke it lau...Full Review", "This game is so fun and this game was like one of my first ever games of my childhood. I was scrolling down to see games to download and came across this.(I'm so happy I found this). I was about to cry seeing this game pop up.(Finally found it after years) . you totally should get it. I \ud83d\udc96 the mini ...Full Review", "The games are absolutely unfair. Especially beach volleyball. I feel like \nI'm playing against an expert which I'm not because I'm playing on easy. I \nthink maybe y'all should make the games a little bit more easy because I \nmean I'm a teenager and I can't even beat some of the games. So I couldn't ...Full Review", "Who woulda thought a game called pou would be so fun. But i love this game! Download it to dress up, customize, and care for your very own Pou!!! All the games u can play are based on games u already know and probably love just saying!", "I encountered two problems. 1. Sometimes, when I want to visit a pou, the game crashes and when I reopen the game, it loads to my last save. 2. Once, when I played the goal minigame (the soccer minigame) and missed, the ball went over my pou. Other than that, it's a good game.", "I got this app when I was around 10 or 9 years old, I frickin LOVED it I \nplayed it literally all the time. I remember the bunny suit I had gotten, \nit was blue, and my sister had the yellow one, I was on level like 60 \nsomething. I'm 13 now and I got it again. Great game!", "This game is fantastic and super I think you should try this game you can improve this game by celebrating pou's birthday and giving it a name. When pou is small send it to school and when it grows up send it to job You can also set the gender (male or female)for pou or else it is a a very nice game", "is a good game format could be imporved for example there could be more animals to choose from almost all of the skin colors and clothing is way to expensive considering that is not that big of a deal I love the mini games they are just fine would recommend it for more for kids then adalts is easy t...Full Review", "This is a cute game with good graffics and hardly any adds! Which is hard to find, most colours are easy to get and the character and pets are great. I would say the only room for improvement would be allowing you to have more than one pou at a time. Great game, great time waster.", "Oh my god! So you know the microphone thing right? Well it can mimic all \nsorts of sounds. I put on my favorite song Re: birthed and Pou mimicked the \nentire song! It was hilarious! It was like an Alvin and the chipmunks \nremix! \ud83d\ude06", "OMG it's so cute but what is pou he's sooooo cute and adorable. He's like a \ndog and my mom used tamagachi pets my mom gave me like keys because we \ndidn't have toy keys and it had the panda tamagachi. \ud83d\udc15 So Cute.", "The games on it are great apart from beach volleyball which is impossible even if I'm on easy.I also have some things you should add to make it better like a town, jobs , holiday bands and a school to go with inside and outside.", "This is the best pet game the pous are colorful this is im saying i love it so match the grafics is cool abd the games are beautiful and colirful thanks i hope you like my review allways you can build a another game like pou2 pou3 pou4 pou5 pou6 pou7 pou8 pou9 pou10 and last 1 is legendary pou ultim...Full Review", "I love it and I play it every Day. The only thing is that I realy like my pou when it was a baby, But now it has grown and I will have to pay to get it little again and I dont want to do that so could you please not charge real money, thanks ;-)", "I love this really cool game and it is super duple fun. I only play this but I do not sleep as it is much better than going to bed. This game is family to me it will always be with me until I'm 110", "This is amazing i can't stop saying amazing because it OUTSTANDING and \nsooooo awsome because pou is really cute funny and have cool mini games and \npou is lovly for me and cute while i feed him and thank you for making this \ngame and soooooooooo cool little foods and lovely flowers in his \nOUTSTAND...Full Review", "I liked it was great no ads and also pou is cute when he's a baby and the graphics is great even eyes shine brite fricken fun bro and someon plz play and downlod this game now!! For free omg bes game everrrrrrrrrr", "I LIKE THE GAME BUT I THINK ITS KIND OF BORING BECAUSE IF YOU ONLY HAVE A \nCERTAIN AMOUNT OF ENERGY YOU HAVE TO WAIT SOOOOOOOO LONG FOR IT TO CHARGE \nUP AGAIN MAYBE PER MINUTE IT COULD BE 3% BUT ITS OK OTHER THAN \nTHAT,#poutastic.", "I don't know if I am more disgusted with the game or the liars reviewing \nit. This game is complete trash unless you enjou playing with actual poo, \nand not the pou this game wants you to play with. My advice would be to \navoid this game like you would avoid a dog with rabies.", "I love this game. It doesn't need Wi-Fi and it's very easy to use. You can play fun mini-games and you can take care of Pou. You should download this game.\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "Its really boring because all you do is wash him,feed him,play with him and go outside with him. To make the game better you could just do one where you can take him to space and that is what will get you a 5 out of rating.\ud83d\ude0a", "My friend drew a cute starving pou at my school, and told me to download it because it was such a cute game! And shes right 100%! Its so cute and so much fun!:D", "Ah, I remember playing this as a kid. I would go on my android tablet and check on my pou throughout the day to make sure he was happy. I didnt think I'd find it again but I did and this gave me so much nostalgia. Nothing changed and I love it. Its still as fun and addicting as I remember, but there...Full Review", "OMG this app is so addictive. ever since i downloaded it in have not gotten off the app. overnight I put him to sleep, his food bar only went halfway down. WARNING- The chilli peppers make him sick I didn't notice at first but when I fed another his health went down\ud83e\udd12\ud83e\udd12\ud83e\udd12\ud83e\udd12\ud83d\ude22\ud83c\udf36\ud83c\udf36\ud83c\udf36\ud83c\udf36\ud83c\udf36\ud83c\udf36\ud83d\ude22\ud83d\ude22\ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude2d i d...Full Review", "I can't stop\u26d4\ud83d\ude45 Laughing at this game. One of the best\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udcaf Entertaining \napplications\ud83d\udc49\ud83d\udcf1 that I've ever seen. Bravo.. To a Brilliant and Funny\ud83d\ude0b \nDeveloper", "I think it is a very good game I love the ideas the creator made but plis can u add more things and make the store stuff cheaper and can their be lots of parties that pou can attend to with other pous", "I love this game. It's fun and a good time killer. I just have one problem with the multiplayer games. It never lets me play. Even when my sisters are on. I am still gonna play the game just without multiplayer I guess.\ud83d\ude41", "I think that this game is a complete waste of time because you get your \nfirst message with the game saying welcome and stuff and then you check out \nthe house. Then when you get back to the Kitchen the message comes up \nagain!! It also said that I had to clean it so I went to the bathroom and \nthe ...Full Review", "Awesome! Compared to my boo and other games like it, this one is the best. It's goal isn't to make money, but to let the player have fun. Love the mini games. \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\ude01", "This game is very good already got 3579 coins .but very fat he is he is as \nfat as a pig no guys I really really hope that you guys will really do \nsomething that will make me proud and you know that you guys I'm a YouTuber \nfollow the Dragon lady dragon I meant you know people are really good so \nI...Full Review", "I love it when the pou is little its so cute and can you add a school and a job for the other pous and are own pls that would make a great game i am just saying more people will like your game but it is still a great game", "It's fun like a lot but like someone else said I wish there was a school where you could teach a different poos and your own and I wish that you could like grow them up to be elderly and then you can have more than one and when they are elderly they can maybe die", "This is the best game ever! One thing I'd like added. Make it free for iOS. \nMy cousin wants it, but it's like $3.99 on iOS while it is free on Android.", "I've always wanted to raise pou but my mum wouldn't let me. 5 stars \ndefiantly. :)", "the graphics, the gameplay, its all good! but one problem: most of the accessories are locked/adult only and this doesnt seem fair. anyways its a great game! 10/10", "Its okay at first but gets boring the more you play it... There are lots of \nmini games but still, i feel its kinda boring", "The only reason why I said the game was silly is because it's a really cute \ngame and it's really funny I really like it but I rather than a 4-star \nbecause because you kind of start out in a small position that takes a \nlittle bit to get to a big position", "Surely is an amazing game, but the thing is I can only buy hats or clothes \nfor 'im only if he's an adult... But I recommend all of 'ya to install this", "I love the game, it's really fun, but when I want to play a PvP game with my friend, only a few games are able on PvP and some will not even work with PvP, and I'm playing the same games over and over again with my friend.My question is, can You, the creator of the game, add more games or make more ...Full Review", "The game itself is great but the profile pictures are so inappropriate for kids, my daughter is 10 and she saw random naked people on the leader boards!!!!! I know it is not the fault of the developers but there should be some monitoring to prevent it.", "I bought a back to baby size potion but it didnt work. Can i have another? Or a refund... It was only 99 cents so idk", "Nice game! I only hope that you will really consider our suggestions here. My suggestion is, why not add floor and wall decoration to the rooms? Change the weather outside of the house instead of just the time, add a hockey-like game, etc. I'm also willing to help translate this game into Indonesian...Full Review", "Its good to kill a bit of time. Good for kids to learn responsibility too \n(also, pou never dies and doesnt need replaced)", "The only thing I would change is make it so that hours of grinding don't have to go into making pou wear a t-shirt.", "I have always enjoyed my pou but there are so many things that could improve this game. You could make it more social so the pous can make friends with other pous.", "Hi im Jessica this game is awesome I love to customize her it is like \nhaving your own pet. But one request could you make a cloud for like when \nthey are sleeping so mabye we could see what there dreaming about.", "This game is very nice I like this game because the graphic of this game r \nsuper duper nice and the p o u is also very cute and the games are are very \nnice and I love pounds and I will'nt uninstall it thankyou Zakeh for making \nthis game thank you very much may God bless you (AAMEEN) ,\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a", "I love this app so much! So much work clearly went into designing it, there \nare 200+ clothes and shoes and skins, the mingames are great and do not \nrequire internet. Great game, would reccomand.", "Sooooo fun! I love it because I can play it in the car. But for some \nthings, you need to put in your email address... But it's still fun! Fun, \ncute, and SO funny.", "I like this game FB like this game wow so I named is putty putty so silly \nputty putty is so intelligent take care I can do it I can things for him I \ncan do it again from his dick in it he is a very very very good 40 Hero \nScooty his name is Scooty wah wah wah wah", "I have a huawei p20 lite and I play this game because reminds me of times when I was child. But this game lagging so hard. It's pretty funny. Optimize game please", "It is a very nice game\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0aplz play it if u want some fun\ud83d\ude09i\u2764pou.it is \nfun.try it.it has lots of mini games\ud83d\ude45.therefore,this game is better than \nbu\ud83d\udc30or angella\ud83d\udc2d or talking tom\ud83d\udc31etc", "The games are boring, u have to clean it all the time and feed it and make \nit go to sleep and you get notifications all the time its just annoying and \nstupid!", "Hi, can you please add some other features of Pou? Like aquarium, farming, \ncanteen etc. I love the game so much, but it's getting boring because \nthere's nothing new, please innovate the game. Thank you.", "Its A really good game but the problem is there is so many ads and there is \nA little bug in the game modes that is getting stuck and making me loose \nplease fix it", "Game has been really slow the last few weeks. I'm not sure if it's a recent \nupdate that's made it this way or what, but it's super annoying.", "I think that the people who say that this game is huge waste of time and \nstorage are stupid... \ud83d\ude1d\ud83d\ude1d\ud83d\ude1d\ud83d\ude1d\ud83d\ude1d\ud83d\ude1d\ud83d\ude1d\ud83d\ude1d\ud83d\ude1d\ud83d\ude1d\ud83d\ude1d I love Pou... I think that \nthis is better game than those games which are of 91,92 mb and so on ... \nIt's also better because u can install one game than 10 or11 games... Pou \nis s...Full Review", "Everything are nice about this game... Thank you for creating this wonderful game.... I wonder if Pou has wings....that's why I humbly suggest if you can add wings in the shop and have a game in Pou called Fly where Pou evades falling objects and keeps flying....i guess that would be nice....thank D...Full Review", "hiii!!! I just love playing pou because it's so addictive.... (P.S : please LIKE POU_HMKATY) \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d LOVE IT... I want to tell you that Pou should go to shopping malls and spa's etc., so please do that as an updated version..... \ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a", "So amazing so complicated and so many details this is the best app in the \nworld \ud83d\uddfa you deserve a trillion stars not just five and I want to thank you \nfor this app and the people who created it \u2665", "Eeh alter, bestes Spiel ever. Das Konzept ist so genial, Mann muss ein \nkackhaufen versorgen. So werde ich auch mein Baby sp\u00e4ter versorgen. Danke \nf\u00fcr diese geile spiel.", "Great game but I always have to delete and reinstall the game due to a \nglitch making the game unplayable. Please fix this. If you do then it will \nbe a 5\u2606 instead of 3\u2606", "It is really nice and you can play alot of games with your pou and the pou is sooo cute \ud83e\udd17 it is a good game and I would recommend it to u . You should get this game", "My mom and my dad play this game! We all just LOVE it!!! If you are putting bad comments on this game stop! Not just to this game all of the games! It's rude!!!", "I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE this game! It's Soo cute:) And I had a couple of new ideas you could consider for new updates You could add a school where we could teach our Pou about different things. Make more mini games. Make new/more compliments in guestbook. Have different jobs that you could g...Full Review", "I tried 2 other pet apps before this one, and I didn't like them, but Pou \nis great! Thank you. Brenda", "This app is hard to refuse to download. Its been treating me great seince I \ndownloaded the app just yesterday. I'll say that this can be the only app I \nhave and I'll be satisfied! :)", "just changing my phone and restore my pou from xiaomi redmi note 4A to huawei p20 pro. game lagged in my huawei rather than in xiaomi. im having no fun anymore to feed my pou or playing games.", "I like it but my friends told me that your like bat because you will play this but i still download it because i want to play this game because i told my friends that this game is not for bat because thay are just so mean about this game and i know that my friends know that i download this but i tol...Full Review", "This game is so cute! and great for when you are bored! There are a lot of bright colors... but hey it's ok. Just 1 problem is that when you go to school and come back it misses you and wants to play or its hungry. I get that but I have a lot of homework sometimes. sorry this is so long =/", "The game is OK but in the beach volley it's impossible to win in easy. Fox \nthis or I will Uninstall the game and YOU will get bad ratings.", "so many fun mini games! and i love the food option, and it's also cool that \nvarious modification can be made to personalize many things, even for the \nhouse or background", "Every body really think to your self if your making a good thing on this \ngame people be nice do not be mean and rude and grumpy be who you are \ninside and outside you will be nice caring and fun people like that I think \nthis game is not I do not care its fun how it is people if you see this do \nth...Full Review", "Very addictive I love this game alot. Its my favorite game. It's virtual pet bt soon u get attached to ur pou.", "AWESOME!!! I love it! I remember a long time ago i had pou on my old phone then my phone stopped working. I still feel sad that pou might of died on my old phone.", "Its so cute my brother loves is own pou and has shown our parents that we \ncan take care of a real pet and we got one thank you producer of this game", "You will read you will be so excited to play this game, in this game make your own pou after that go to last option merchandise click thier that pou you have make it's phone cover, t - shirt etc and most interesting game ever played", "anytime I play this game and I will so happy when I will play this game poo poo is very cute I think it has many games other games like talking Angelina and Talking Tom have no so many games but PU has so many games", "i am not sure if this is related but as soon as i downloaded pou my old phone stoped working completely however. why i downloaded it in the first place was the nostalgia and the fun memories i had playing thia game.", "It's so cute the pou.I like dressing it up and playing with it .it's a \nreally fun game to play alot.My favorite part is when you first get it \nbecause when it's hungry it's gets cute eyes.I gave it 5 stars", "I hated every time I played the game hoops I missed literally like it \ntransported put of the hoop so I can't get any coins \ud83d\ude21\ud83d\udc7f\ud83d\udc4e", "This game is amazing although I hate when things cost money. I love this game and the cute little Pou to start off with soooo starz", "I love it you can have so many games to play you can earn coins and spend \nthem on cool clothes and food it's like a kid in a phone", "I liked this game because it would be good to get little kids to take responsibility for things and I just really liked it the only thing is that clothes cost so much \u2665", "This is best game ever I have witnessed . In this pou is pet. Having a pet \nis so fun but I bielive that having a pet with no smell is best and good \n.some pet do not like to dress up but this pet like", "Scrabble word for the next few weeks to get the best results from the team \nto make sure that you are doing well in the future and will continue to \ngrow and improve your business with a successful marketing team", "Pou is the perfect app. You are provided with tons of casual games to play \nwith pou, and you can bathe, feed, and take care of pou. You can even \npersonalize him and play with friends. I definitely recommend it.", "I really love this game, but after my phone updated, it started lagging a \nlot. I'd love it if this issue could be fixed", "I just wanted somethig to keep me busy so i pick pou cause i get to play \nwith him she really is cool i had a tabet so i dowmloaded and it was pretty \ncool", "This game is amazing! I really recommend it. The only problem I have is \nplaying with friends its usually very glitchy", "Ich bin sehr besch\u00e4ftigt und ich muss sagen, er wird sehr schnell hungrig. \nIn der Zeit in der ich NICHTS esse, ist Pou schon fast verreckt.", "the game is Good in the beginning when he is little but when he grows up it the controls get bad. me and friends think pou should have a girlfriend/boyfriend", "Cute! This little creature is a adorable and this game is addicting. just a suggestion: Please don't make us on certain levels to get certain stuff. just a suggestion tho \ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude01", "Well every thing but the microphone was good because he just copey what you \nsay and he is supposed to talk back but overall five Stars", "It's too basic! Waste of data and time", "This game is so interesting. But, i just like to play this game when i boring\ud83d\ude02i personally dont like to play any games..", "I love pou because it 1. Doesn't shove constant ads in your face. and 2. It \nfeels like an actual pet. Keep up the good work!", "this game vey good help me take poop also cure my hemoroid \ud83d\udcaa it also give me will to eat when sick thank you pou i love taking poop now \ud83d\udcaa\ud83d\udcaa\ud83d\udcaa it also train my anus muscle", "Ok so my little sis downloaded it and I HATE THE NOISE OF THIS GAME THAT \nGOES LIKE NEH NEH NEH NEHHH AAAARRRRGGGGHHH", "I love it ! This was literally my childhood game and I wanted to try it out \nagain Hahah. The fact that I even remember it must tell it all", "Great game for kids i loved it so many games and activites if your looking for a decent fun kids game play this also you can do almost anything with pou and his pet", "Ok this game is great but you should update it where your Lou can use the \nbathroom. I'm very impreased with this game it is oddly addicting. Please \nmore updates.", "it's very funny and who is an animation that make all the child and also me \nvery happy so hence I like the game no I eveGe loved it a lot", "I side hello a lot of times it creeped me put because the voice got high \npitched like a alrm .", "i loved it!! it a very funny game and you guys should add a thing where you can talk with your pou and i will respond back!", "Overall it is good, but lately i cant connect to the emails. It said \n\"Server busy, try later\". What i should do? Or maybe u can fix it.", "Fantastic game my grandson is sick of it now I'm 54 I've been looking after poo for my grandson for 6 months my grandson does not want to know no more so I've adopted poo and I feel guilty when I don't feed him or exercise him so I guess I have a new son Lol\ud83d\ude0e", "Perfect for children! I find it amazing! Love the new updates. Can you add a game like 'pou 2048', new shoes, and maybe charm necklaces? Samsung Galaxy Ace 1", "All ready rated it 5 stars! The vid was cool and I love it I think that it \nis perfect but mabye different types of hair and hats but that's all I \nwould change", "I think it's almost unrelated to real life it is cool it is not a bad game and you can dress up a boy or girl if you want a boy or girl it is so much fun and cool", "Time Consuming When ever you need some time taken up just play Pou. It \ntakes up time", "When i got this as my first ever game it was the best decision of my life. But i was heart-broken when my phone broke.", "I love Pou soo much. If you are thinking to download a game where you are looking after a pet , you should definitely download this. You can also turn your Pou into anything you wish . You can change the wallpaper, clothes, Pou's eye colour and more. Thank you for making this game. I love it .", "This game is so cool! When you start, the baby Pou is so cute!! No bugs, no \nglitches! For me on a Samsung tablet, this game is awesome! I 100% \nrecommend it people!", "Its OK but it would glitch out and turn my phone off and I would have to \nwait about 5 minutes to turn my phone back on", "I like the game a lot but once I totally for got bout him and I didn't have \nany money so it was hard to revive him and can you ad solitaire to the game \nplease every single type of solitaire", "all you haters need to quit your complaining and no i dont play with \n\"actual poo\" i only play this game bc you can do fun things and stuff this \nis a great game", "A good game. Its structure and concept is fasinating, also a good stress \nreliver.Another good thing about this is that it will teach you \nresponcibility", "I love Pou because I can play many games here instead of downloading so \nmuch games this game has all MY favorites\ud83e\udd29\ud83e\udd29", "Its okay when u have free time or cant sleep or smthing like that so ill \ngive it okay", "The best game ever! So many different things to do and and different \ncostumes and levels! Always somthing to do. My favourite app of all time!", "It's kind of fun to play but sometimes pou goes too sleep which makes the game really boring", "I love Pou! The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the customer service is soooooooo slow", "i really like this game it can be for little kids or adults or even your 90 \nyear old grandma who doesnt even know how to turn on her phone", "It is really addicting and fun i love this game also because it does not \ntake up space it is adorible and fun! I love this game like crazy \nusername:poucollector123 I love it!!!", "This game is so fun if you have a kid this game is a great game . You can take it a shower,eat,play, dressed it,and more thank you for playing it by.", "I had this when I was 5 and I never bound it in the app store my face when \n9 did am happy now", "I love the game but it doesn't start out as a baby its an adult so that's \nweird I give it 4 thumbs up", "I saw my sister playing this and it looked like fun and it is great for the \ncar because it dosent need wifi witch is cool .", "Yebaat ! Irritating notification sounds ! All the time ! Hihi Im dirty, \nhihi Im hungry. YEBAAAAT! Tempted to kill this animal !", "Good -because have the games of all type(like tap the frog, it have colour \ntouch game and pool game) Bad-because some time it doesn't sense", "I think a really good game ! BUT a poo? i mean why a poo its fun though i think it should have a few changes", "I spent money and didnt get my coins. I messages them but they just ignored me", "i love this app so much but you should not have to wait until level 10 or so to get a type of food i also would like if the person who made this app would make an update with a farm in it so pou can feed animals and drive a tractor if you have time please make a cinema and a popcorn machine and you ...Full Review", "i love pou my favorite games in pou is sky hop and pou sound and connect and star popper and memory and hill drive and all of games of pou i love pou please download it i make sure your enjoy .\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude1a\u2764\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4d please download it right now after you read it. im make sure you enjoy and thankful.\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude07", "the volley ball game in the mini games is cheating my pou losses a push to \nheat the ball...I'm so upset", "I got this game when i was 4 and then i couldn't play it because my ipad broke and today here we go again so excited", "i once had a hack of this game when you play the game\"Pou words\" all you have to tap on is \".\" after every question i get so many money straight! i loved this hack lol and i also love the normal way Good work man", "I really really love this game a lot. Its so much fun and my favourite thing about it is defiantly the adds. THERE IS NONE\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a keep up the good work love the game", "This game is great and it is so CUTE this is the best game in the whole \nwide world. I play it 24 7 and I don't stop. #CuteGame", "I like it very much so funny and nice outfits but try to make the things \ncheaper and Gracias", "Has MULTIPLE minigame ripoffs from Flappy Bird \ud83d\udc26, Hill climb racing \ud83d\ude97, from every Saga in play store, etc. A lot of people play stupid ripoofs in this game.", "i remember having this as a 4th grader and having so much fun with my pou. i lost the save data, but this game brings back so much nostalgia!", "Great. In-app purchases are present but only to get rid of ads and to get coins (which u can get from playing games anyways), good for kids of all ages", "This is not educational because if you look at the foods the tomato is in \nthe vegetables section when it is a fruit", "I love it. I LOVE IT! And i cant stop looking after my little pou! He's \nsoooo cute!", "Outstanding game And I love it and I love seeing my family play it I will be rateing all the the people that made it 5 stars great game and I was going to be playing pou I Love it thanks again to the people who have made it.", "Great had this game then I was little. My mom had this app and she let me use her phone I was 4 or 5 years old but now I'm 9.", "My mom won't let me have a pet so this game is like having a pet but not \nreally and most of my family loves this game too so it is a family game and \nI love it\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04", "It is really fun if you remember to put him to sleep but you can always use \nthe position", "I think the game is really good idea think u should put out a part 20th \nwould be great", "Pou is an amazing game and is very recommendable. Well done for updating and customising new things and listening to the players and trying your best\ud83d\udc4d", "If you can't have a pet have this instead plus no cleaning poops of animals anymore!", "I have had this game for over 13 years and my pou looks so good I love it \nso flipping much thanks for inventing this game!", "Dieses spiel ist toll ich wollte shon Immer ein stuck sheise als ein son \nhaben \ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01", "i love this game my mom has this i had it on her phone and me if anybody here does diy,s video can you give me a shout out saying cat lover ,whoever does i well put on my notifications for you hit the bell or whatever else bytheway moms are amazing", "This game is bord.And cool at the same time. It can use more stuff and \nenergi.\ud83d\ude25 Because I am a working child", "It's alright but mate, ya gotta believe meh it's good for a kiddo but I'm \n15 but I pretty sure like it thanks mate!", "I love thus app I just think they should make some clothes free and some shoes free but honestly I love this app because it saves your character's name and saves the account <3", "Been playing off and on for years! Always my go to when I'm bored! Love me some Pou", "I love it so much i eleted it 6 times but i jad this app since i was 5 \nyears old or 4 or 3 i guess", "I am too tired to go to the hotel again and go to the doctor said that I \nhave to go back to the hospital for a while", "I like this very much its underrated lots of variety and customisation never get bored although I'm am adult and my nieces nephew love this too", "Please add a school that you can teach pous and add a library that you can teach in and when pous are adults let them have jobs so as teachers , builders , pizza makers , pizza dilevers, and so on , thanks you so much !", "Bugs need to be fixed. Everytime we try to go to the game room the app \nshuts down. Please fix!", "It is so nice and funny I like this game there are beautiful games ok it is \nvery good\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude01\ud83e\udd13\ud83d\udc4c", "It is a very good app but I would really like to change the shape of pou \nand maybe customize the rooms like talking tom", "Anytime I try to go to bed it makes noises so I have to make it stop then a minute later it's back to making noise", "I love this game because I said so and if you are reading this this mess eve is to update this game because the way you pronounce it is innaporprate and it is pronounced poo which is not for little kids and I want to ask why 10m people down load it when it is for pegi 3 so plzzzz change that to make...Full Review", "The baby Pou is soooo cute! It's like you are raising a real baby! I would \nsuggest this game, it's also really funny! I really like it", "I like this game and i hope you guys like it Becuse it is fun to play and \nit feels like you are takeing care of a real pet hope you guys like it and \nplease give me a thumbs up \ud83d\udc4d", "Pou is so cute.But one of the things it takes a while to level up bug I can \nbe patient.", "This game is just AMAZIIING!! If you are reading this, then I'm telling you \nto install this game RIGHT NOW!! It's legit AWESOME!!", "It's really cute and I love how you can just have a little pet on your phone to cheer up your day.", "I had pou as a kid on my moms phone and it was amazing and to see it \nrecommend to me was also amazing.!! Love pou the game", "I LOVE pou. It is so cute!! THANKS U FOR MAKING POU \ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc99\ud83d\udc9a\ud83d\udc9b\ud83d\udc9c\u2764\ud83d\udc9d\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc96", "I cant believe this game this is so so so amazing its cute when pou is \nbaby. I love l This game please some amazing games fantastic.", "I needs to get updated more because now it is somewhere near to lame", "This app is so cute I like a alot nowonder people say stuff about it cause \npou is really cute", "It is a very very nice game ever I have played it is not a wastage of time \nand space the games are awesome . It is the game which i have not un install", "It could have an update about having like hands when he or she grows up! \nGood idea?", "It is fun but after a while it gets borning but also good time killer. \n\ud83e\udd17\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0e\u263a\ufe0f\ud83d\ude03", "I has a lot of notifications so it don't make it and less annoying"], "Talking Tom Cat": ["I LIKE SO MUCH", "It is a very good game and i like this game please like share and comment this game bye", "thanks my app", "i love this game \ud83e\udd8c\ud83e\udd8c\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude1a\ud83d\ude1a", "Best app\ud83d\ude00 and thanks \ud83d\ude09", "SURAJ KUMAR", "it's good", "nice", "So... he was homeless living in the street and then he gets sent to your house in \"My Talking Tom\" or is he just being recorded bc he scratches the glass and somone is behind bc when you do the cake someone throw it in his face", "l think it is a good and funny game and it have cute voice. \ud83c\udde6\ud83c\uddf1\ud83c\udde6\ud83c\uddfa \ud83d\ude0f\ud83d\ude0f\ud83d\ude0f\ud83e\udd81\ud83c\udf49\ud83c\udf4b\ud83c\udf81\ud83c\udf86\ud83c\udfd8\ud83c\udfb8wh at you thing about this", "it is just the cutest, and Repeats every word and sound you make to the T,and don't like you to touch his Tail he's cute funny and Lovable..", "Actually I found the problem I unabled microphone access sorry.", "very funny app I'm always marking for my kid to make laughing my kid", "it's good and funny to play you can say something and he repeats what you said its cute voice.", "not at all good but ok for time pass", "It is highly relaxing to the tired or disturbed mind.", "I also like this game so much", "My Son (Ujwal) Loves This Talking Tom Cat.", "Cute,fun and so very funny. A nice funny anyone can watch.", "cool l like taking tom my children too like watching and playing", "\u099f\u09ae\u0995\u09c7 \u0996\u09c1\u09ac \u09ad\u09be\u09b2\u09cb \u09b2\u09be\u0997\u099b\u09c7\u0964 \u0986\u09ae\u09bf \u0986\u09b0 \u0986\u09ae\u09be\u09b0 \u09ac\u09cb\u09a8 \u099f\u09ae\u0995\u09c7 \u09a8\u09bf\u09af\u09bc\u09c7 \u0996\u09c7\u09b2\u09be \u0995\u09b0\u09bf\u0964", "amaaaaaazing or fantaaaaaastic.I love this app.Please donload.amazing app!my kid loves it", "it is nice but there are no cloths, and no nice food also and it is no important to play\ud83d\ude24\ud83d\ude24", "its fun to beat up tom.", "very best game. \ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude00\u263a\ud83d\ude0aand laughing game\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude19", "this cat is not repeating my words", "im happy with my mama..my mom she is laughping a lot", "I so beautiful just his just just of life Jim kjk", "it was a very funny game thank you outfit 7", "can't close the app..always still works in the background", "talking tom ke paad Green hote hai?", "every one I send a message to thinks it is hilarious", "Star wars clone wars is beter", "we are sole in home we on talking tom some friends with me", "very good i will suggest to download it\ud83d\udc31", "i love it and it has no adds\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude0d", "funny really enjoy the time spent with it", "350 o its very funny", ". \u0d2a\u0d4a\u0d24\u0d41\u0d2f\u0d4b PO\u0d1f\u0d4d\u0d2f\u0d42\u0d1f\u0d4d\u0d1f\u0d3f\u0d37\u0d7blpoQ", "OkThankisand Goodluck Good morning Goodnightlove", "mostly helpful for time pass .", "This is a very good thing for me and I am very interested in the toys...", "make more apps like this", "I love the game fortnite", "It's good and realistic", "I love it so much and thanks so much", "its a good clean fun app", "ppm p Vu pom", "\ufeff\ud83d\ude1a Sweet Home \u2728 \ud83c\udfe0\u2764\ud83c\udfe0\ud83d\udc83\ud83d\udc9b\ud83c\udfc3\ud83c\udfb6\ud83c\udfb6", "TalKihg Tom. cat", "my brother anus love this taking Tom", "why talking tom not speaking", "super se bahut splattered.......", "talking-to MCAT", "nice app fully Enjoy", "Adyn Brown 2211 Adynnij1 Adyn Brown", "talking tom cat", "cooL I like the game I like that.", "reading nahi hota", "it's the best game ever !!!!!!", "I just like it", "very funny app", "u Njtw makt", "love talking tom", "Really cutie \ud83d\udc96 \ud83d\udc9e \ud83d\udc98", "veri fanny cat", "me and my brother loves it.", "need lot of food to play", "i like my tom", "So many ads", "i realy love this game", "\u0935\u093e\u0932\u0940 \u092c\u093f\u0932\u094d\u0932\u0940 \u0921\u093e\u0909\u0928\u0932\u094b\u0921\u093f\u0902\u0917", "helpful in memorising biology by repeating", "\u0c85\u0ca6\u0ccd\u0cac\u0cc1\u0ca4 \u0cb5\u0cbe\u0c97\u0cbf\u0ca6\u0cc6 \u0c9f\u0cbe\u0cae\u0ccd", "it's very interest", "he \u0917\u094d\u092c \u091b\u094d\u092c\u094d\u0935\u091b\u094d\u092c\u094d\u0935ugi\ud83d\ude42\ud83d\ude08\ud83d\ude08\ud83d\ude08\ud83d\ude08\ud83d\ude08 \u0939 \u0939\u092b \u0939\u094d\u091c\u094d\u0917 .\u0930", "East and west talking tom cat game is best", "\u060c\u062f\u0648\u0631\u0621\u0631\u0667", "funny guy", "cool app", "amazing app.", "nu,games", "I love this game", "to many adds!!!", "funny game", "I'm do .you.", "Ramandeep Nokhwal", "It's very nice", "not to say this apk", "th t alking", "I like Tom", "for chilldren game item", "maza agya", "vikas sonu", "super game for child", "best game ever", "sandeep Praneeth", "paaPaapupu 5", "I like this \ud83d\udc08", "keeps kids entertained for a good while.", "eagan q1", "it's a m nice f game", "nice app", "this very good game", "this message.", "Greece sx#", "good Game", "I like", "too much ads....", "funny", "god", "tonyanance", "extra adds", "nice to play", "\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18", "Hard Rock", "AWESOME GAME EVER!!!!!!", "Very nise", "it is very goods", "I like it", "v good app", "I love this app to impress girl", "amazing app", "sushil kumar", "sapg ame", "we hnn", "very funny", "its okay", "kids enjoy", ", 7", "yr", "good and nice", "\u7684\u2026", "nice suprd", "verry bad", "i love the game", "it's really very good and entertaining", "kiki", "wow", "Wonderful\u2728\ud83d\ude0d\u2728\ud83d\ude0d", "poopy", "Goof", "good for childs", "ybj", "BOSS", "osm", "ok", "nica", "pp,.", "ok", "TOM3", "Nyc", "Adnan", "thindi", "o k", "Happy \ud83d\ude0a", "very nice", "very good", "very nice", "on", "the", "tomcat", "super fun", "gjds", "love it so awesome \ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0e\ud83e\udd17", "bat", "mast", "game", "aman", "gsg", "alikamran", "funny", "it's good", "\u0964\u0964 \u099a\u0995\u09cd\u09b8\u09bf", "it's awesome and funny", "just so cool.", "wow", "it was funny", "food", "Talkingtomcat", "well", "Isabelle", "ghhhh", "bast", "ok", "nice game \ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18", "Arjun", "it's fun", "so much fun", "so good to see", "juri", "very good", "ffg", "xxx", "\u091c\u0903\u0917", "ryyder cool", "Excellent app", "Good", "good", "Good"], "Masha and the Bear. Educational Games": ["downloaded for my 3yr. old grandson and he hasn't seen it yet, I think it is wonderful. Children learn more and they enjoy it because they are familiar with the cartoon. it's like being part of it. they inter act with the ones they watch everyday. Thank you and have a funny day, laugh a lot. Cheer a...Full Review", "The game is perfect for my son. Ofcourse its unplayable because of the advertisements. Great thinning when adding them in a game for 3-5 year's old children. I have no choice but uninstalling it.", "i love this app!.Is so good for my child 5 yers old!She learnd so much from this app and she's ready for the first klas! I played too this app and cose im a mother!Is very good! Never hate this app and the movie masha and the bear!", "I like masha and the bear so much because it has puzzels and numbers and letters to learn and create!!!It is very educational for children especially for 5 year olds!!", "I love this game. I could give it 5 stars but it is strucked in between. And it contains most of ads which I don't like. So, next I would like to download a game which do not contain any ad.", "1 app with lots games efficiency for mobile phone memory, but the advertisement keep popping up everytime finished play the games", "my daughter loves this game but the ads are annoying!!! should not be allowed on kids games. probably gonna delete", "It's really a good app for learning. Really educative. Good work to developer!", "I love this game when I play first i think this game is not good but i play everyday one day i think this is a good game", "It's an educational game it has helped my son in arithmetics", "It is very very very very very brilintired game. I like this game \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4dIt is good for brain also who made it he will also brilint \ud83d\udc9c\ud83d\udc9c", "but i don't want a propaganda appears when my child play", "i love this game , this game give good knowledge to kids.", "brilliant game for kids, thank you Masha and the Bear \ud83d\udc3b", "Downloade for my children.. They are enjoying this game.This game is awesome for children.", "\u0645\u0646 \u0627\u062d\u0644\u0649 \u0627\u0644\u062c\u064a\u0645\u0632 \u0644\u0644\u0623\u0637\u0641\u0627\u0644 \u0648\u0645\u0641\u064a\u062f\u0629 \u062c\u062f\u0627 \u062c\u062f\u0627 \u0634\u0643\u0631\u0627 \u0639\u0644\u064a \u0627\u0644\u062c\u064a\u0645 \u0627\u0644\u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639 \u062f\u0647", "I like this game so much,because it has so many games Inside and it's offline game", "i like this gamee i have given 5 stars to this game", "good game. lot of fun for me and my daughter.", "it very valuable to kids , it teaches how to count ,puzzles and many more . I can rate it as a 97% its great\ud83d\udc4c", "my daughter is fan of masha loves the games that are free", "u deserve negative five stars I mean pay R19.99 to play piano", "This is a good game \ud83d\ude02\ud83e\udd23 i love it", "Love it its a good educational tool", "Grandchildren are loving these games. Thank you", "That it is fun BUTit confuces your mind", "not like real do not close all items", "It is very interesting game for kids", "its a nice game especially for my baby girl", "thanks so much for the game \ud83e\udd17", "great my daughter loves it", "not dat interesting \ud83d\ude10", "nice game but once your in the game you cant exit so im uninstalling it", "i would hve given 5stars .ilove it .excpt 1thing .my dad'll not gve money to unlock .atleast for '1try'open them", "I like Masha and the system of game", "I,ts a good game for childen,s learning", "My little brother love this app!!!", "My daughter is having fun in this app", "My son very like this game. The game is very nice and fun.", "this game can help children to make their brain intelligent", "there's to many ads for a kids game", "not educational at all", "it's so nice to play", "amazing kids game. ..", "Best for Children,", "Who ever created this there is a hacker", "Superb educational app for kids", "I already bought this game but it still has ads?", "it's needs more games", "my kids love this game", "amount of adverts are a joke", "kid likes masha & the bear", "Nice for kids admission", "masha dhe ariu", "I cant exit!!!!", "What a wonderful game", "very interesting game", "Love it soooo good", "\uff01\u5e2e\u5fd9\u7ffb\u8bd1\u6210\u82f1\u6587", "#This game is rly the educational game i lve it", "It is so nice but their is so locked things \ud83d\ude0a", "Very nice game", "very good game and interesting game too", "its good nice", "this game only have a little bit games ...", "super interesting and educational", "sooo many adds", "Awesome! awesome!! awesome!!!", "Good educational games", "because of related to education so we lift this", "very good", "it is very good", "Stop with the ads", "\u00e8eeee masha and the bear is cool", "great!", "Not working \u0633\u06d2", "\u0433\u043a\u043f\u0434\u0436\u043d\u0443\u0433 \u0433\u043b\u0430\u0437 \u0437\u0440", "\u0629\u0646\u062a\u0628\u0645\u064a\u0646\u064a \u0627\u0648 \u0630\u0646\u0646\u0644\u0647\u0628\u0645\u0628\u0647\u0628\u0645\u0628\u0647\u0628\u062e\u0628\u0647\u0647\u0628", "I like it", "fantastic!", "great educational method", "very nice game", "I like it", "Nice game", "GOOD \ud83d\udc4d", "its ok", "good happy", "\u2606\u2606\u2606\u2606\u2606\u2606\u2606\u2606\u2606 \u2605\u2605\u2605\u2605\u2605\u2605\u2605\u2605", "\u0643\u0642\u0645\u0645\u0628\u0645\u0628\u062e\u0642\u0645\u0642\u0646\u0641\u0647\u0641\u0647\u0642\u0646\u064a\u0646\u062b\u0646\u062b\u0645\u0645\u0645\u0646\u0646\u062e\u062e\u062e\u062e\u062e\u0645\u0628\u0645\u0645\u0628\u0645\u0642\u0645\u0642\u062e\u0643\u0648\u0644 \u062e\u0631\u062e\u0631\u062e\u0631\u062e\u0631\u062e\u0631\u062e\u0631\u062e\u0631\u062e\u0631\u062e\u0631\u062e\u0631\u062e\u0631\u062e\u0631\u062e\u0631\u062e\u0631\u062e\u0631\u062e\u0631\u062e\u0631\u062e\u0644\u0646\u0628\u0646\u0642\u0646\u0645\u0642\u0645\u0642\u0645\u0642\u062d\u062b\u062d\u062b\u062d\u0643\u064a\u0643\u062b\u062d\u062b\u0643\u062b\u0643\u062b\u0635\u0643\u062d\u0633\u0643\u0633\u0643\u062b\u0643\u062b\u062d\u0633\u062d\u062b\u0643\u062b\u0643\u0633\u0643\u0633\u0643\u0643\u0635\u0638\u0633\u0643\u0635\u062d\u0635", "I. like. it. beacouse. it's. nice.", "awesome and useful for children", "nice game", "its great my child loves it", "A k m", "\u0c1f\u0c15\u0c4b\u0c03\u0c1c\u0c1f\u0c1c\u0c1f\u0c20\u0c28 \u0c35\u0c1f\u0c1d\u0c1d\u0c2b\u0c28\u0c2a", "dema123", "thanks", "boo", "ok", "good game \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4d", "good but little bouring", "my great grandaughter loves this", "\ud83d\ude32\ud83d\ude32\ud83d\ude32\ud83d\ude32\ud83d\ude32", "great app", "wow", "wow", "terbaik", "g\u00f6\u00f6d", "Nice", "nice", "my kids luv it", "good for kids", "Amazing", "Great", "Good", "it's easy and funny", "Wow", "ghg", "ffy", "mashaandthebeareq", "mashaandthebeargame", "wonderful", "awesome", "love it", "good", "best", "good", "Good", "i an", "very interesting", "We like it", "nice 9out10", "good", "nice", "fun & educational", "Good", "good", "good", "Fun", "i hate this game so borring \ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e\ud83d\udc4e", "great", "exellent", "Good", "good", "nice", "i love it", "cool", "supurb", "good", "Ithink good", "Adverts took us out of game several times, terrible experience", "I LIKE THIS GAME \ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00", "Too many ads", "Aaaaaaammmmmmmmmmaaaaaazzzzzzziiiiiinnnnnnnnnggggggggggggg", "Best game \ud83d\ude0f\ud83d\ude0f\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0f\ud83d\ude0f\ud83d\ude0f\ud83d\ude0f\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0f\ud83d\ude0f\ud83d\ude0f", "Love it! Thanks to the creators. It makes me happy as it is so cute and fun. \ud83d\ude18", "My kid loves it so five star!!! Its easy, educational and its lots of fun", "I have to update this game I don't know how to do that", "i don't like it but it's a little bit fun", "It's a very good game. Thank you for organizing such a great game.", "It is a very fantastic game it has so many things to", "Locks and gets my daughter furious.", "It was the first Time that I was going to meet masha", "I love this game. It's very educative", "I am tired right now", "Very good stimulating and memory testing game for kids", "Gjb game hai.\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude06love it really\ud83d\ude07", "This game is good for children , I loved rhis", "It's education features are boring", "An ad every time I finish a game", "I love watching masha and the bear", "This is really ,from my heart a very nice game", "Thank for making my brain working again", "It's good app for kids", "end game options it self is like puzzle", "\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0d good for kindergarden children", "It is my favourite game", "It is a good game for kids", "It is not good", "I love it for my child", "I like it alot", "Best game fr our kids", "No so nice", "From seeing it looks so good", "I like very much", "It us very intersting", "I love this game it's so awesome..........", "The game is very very very very very very very funny and cute", "I like her", "My kid loveeeet it...", "This is very good game", "I love this game", "This is the game for a kids", "Good game from hari", "Prathamesh uke y", "Very fine.", "I liked it", "Super i like it", "Interesting games for kids", "Nice game"], "Mega Hit Poker: Texas Holdem massive tournament": ["This game is also controlled by the App people. They decide who is going to win. It is fun though. I have been playing it for several months and they dont force you to buy. Still testing. Game is tampered with all th time.", "its a good app with 5 star potential, my biggest issue is the call or all in button, when I have it preselected it folds me out of the game every time I have the winning hand. how could that be. I select call or all in and it folds my hand. cannot play poker like this. Please fix this glitch. there ...Full Review", "when i first began to play i loved it, it was great. i was however a little awed at my own luck and greatly impressed with the skill i was showing. The 1st time i played was about a 90 minute session and in that heady hour and a half i won apox. 80-90% of the games. People were losing fortunes to me...Full Review", "Thank you for the update: This app is awesome, best dang poker ( texas holdem) thats on Google play. Phone broke. Got new one. I'm back!!!!", "I agree with everyone ..after update this game sucks! doesn't even load anymore. and tell me how do you lose 30 hands in a row and same person wins them all! oh yeA...and how do u lose 20 million when you donr even go in all the time. 40,000 \u00d7 30 does not equal 20 million last time I checked.", "GOOD RATE BAD RATE WONDERFUL RATE. THEY ALL GET THE SAME REPLY FROM THESE CHEATERS. CHEATTING BASTARD I PEEP EVERYTHING BASTARDS", "loosen up the slots...wasting too much money. It used to be where you could when more, now after update it hardly ever wins.", "THEY GIVE YOU 50THOUSAND DOLLARS EVERY 5 MINUTES.TO PLAY. BEST ACTION ON THE PLANET. COME PLAY WITH REAL PLAYER'S. NO SORE LOSERS OR GROUCHY PEOPLE WANTED.JUST ADRINALIAN SEEKERS FROM WINNING A HAND AND FUN PLAYER'S WANTED. I PROMISE YOU ACTION", "just a great time killer. if you dont win now you will win eventually. its tons of fun", "fun poker app , with variations of sit and go , tornament poker , i like that you use little emogies to express yourself ...10 out of 10 for me ...i dont agree with people saying bad hands win alot its very true to real life ...a bad beat is a bad beat n i havnt had many ...", "since when does full house tens beat full house aces. your app is a joke", "played all day . no matter how good my hand was I lost. straight losing flush, flush losing to full house. they don't let you win unless you BUY CHIPS.", "was a good game but now freezes every time you start the app. purchased a coin package and cant use it now. reinstalled and lost all coins. dodgy", "game was changed and it took 200 million in chips from me in 2 weeks without any wins.", "dont understand why they demote players when we worked so hard to het to a certain level.", "the system went to hell when you perform you're computer maintenance upgrades graphic suck can hardly see my hole cards when playing", "Great app to kill some time with just slow loading sometimes. Overall good game 5 Stars!", "Only paying players win, extremely bias algorithms.", "The bigest problem needed to improve urgently is the return on a same table after I was standing up.\ud83d\ude21 If not, I'm like this app. It's very funny. I play always & only on line. It has many people's every time.\ud83d\udc4d", "Nice poker site. Shouldn't have to log in through Farcebook (yes, Farce) to claim login chips.", "overall great poker game but to many times getting beat on last card and need to bring red poker back.", "Like this hold em game fair and more interaction. Great job to those who put it together. \ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e 2/19/19 too much updating, i am now finding out.", "its frustrating game real poker princjples dont apply but good to pass time", "literally lost a billion ...yes billion... on the slot machine. never won more than 2.4 million over the thousands of spins.", "One can enjoy the experience of playing the game of Texas Holdem and learn how others bet or bluffs and how one can get irritated with with the river card", "Y no random cards 500 person 22hands its over Lol", "Best but wish we could message back n fourth best thing about poker is talking $hit and bluffing", "Terrible service takes way too long to connect", "Most rigged I've played with pathetic...", "great game need to fix all the 1 card flushes but overall good game", "much more poker than the others", "fun but unrealistic. more stunning hands than actually possible.", "game sucks you never get anything", "Fair playing and don't have to keep purchasing :)", "how many bad beats on the river can you get this game seems to be pretty partial", "i love playing this app when playing the slot at the same time as mega hit i use to hit big not anymore this app must want people to purchase chips", "Too much updating and still freezing", "it's good except higher buy in trnys are worse payouts", "If I can rate it a zero I 100% would. This game is so rigged!!!", "I really enjoy this game and all of the perks that are not available in other online Poker games. Plus, I win often. I wish I could win cash money from it but it is free to play and great practice!", "After update i become beginner from lv 14", "for what I'm I going to win money/are you going to give me any money!! Why would I describe my experience !!well alright Bob.", "Super addictive..spent years with this app now. my favorite for sure.", "i love ur game just whis u had more chips to give then 50 when we r outta chips, that would be nice. tyvm for ur game....", "i love this game.. time comsuming", "this is by far one of the best poker games out there\ud83e\udd38\ud83e\udd38\ud83e\udd38", "play many hours a day wish we talk to ppl instead of faces but what ever.", "The competition on this online live poker is tough. It keeps me coming back to up my game.", "Needs to add in more games like, BJ & Royal Poker", "The best Texas Holdem App. I ever played.", "I like it very much", "most fun real play game,cards come out just like at the table", "You betcha!", "Exelent  There was no cheat. Engine or anything. This is more good features between other playstores poker. I I'll make 5* for before. Features.", "played for a while time to delete game if u played u would know why I'm deleting lol", "The ads are badly timed sometime but the competition is great", "It is a Great poker game best ive played so awesome tournaments to choose from.", "i play daily. its addicting. up to 30 million!", "I play every day, Really like the tournaments.", "good game! just a little slow with playable hands!", "one of the better poker apps out right now", "too many donks", "its fun and i like to play it more than any other poker games", "updates aren't fixing anything.", "great gameto play need more options bout receiving golf bags to switch up clubs", "Not loading properly", "Feel like I'm sitting at the table. Game play is smooth. Tons of tournaments to enter. Even sit and go's.", "Great graphics and easy to navigate and play. A lot of fun!", "it's like playing for real", "GOOD GAME...SAME AS WSOP. WITHOUT THE STUPID CHATTING.\ud83d\ude09", "it's like a rollercoaster.", "after febuary update", "funny zzz hell", "I like the game", "best game i eyerplayed im63 and love", "I like the game", "great app super duper play", "way better than wsop app,not rigged.very real", "kick butt game", "best porker game on line", "fast pace good players", "best poker game fun fun fun \ub300\ubc15", "im enjoying this game so far.very nice and very addictive", "Recently transferred from WSOP. Love the game just please leave it with no changes!!", "awsome game .very addicting", "OK..okm", "love this game. I add it to all my devices.", "just keep making the game better love this mega hit poker....", "great poker app. I like it alir", "awesome game with plenty of free play.", "good, however need more black female avatars", "i love mega hit poker texa", "really love this game so addictive", "well 50 luck 50 skill the site is nice. tanks", "Pretty Fun Game and Lots of Free Chips!", "great fun! always exciting", "awesome game....maby the best I've played", "like game", "Great play appeal, fast and easy controls.", "love the action. almost real", "Best one I've found!!", "great game lot's of fun", "Easy app to use. FUN", "Wonderful game. Easy wins, even cards. fun.", "love it best poker gamez", "best poker game on the list", "very good poker site", "Best game on the web!", "great entertaiment great challenged po", "best poker app . all in .", "clear", "ok", "wow", "super", "very impressive and mind tickling.lol", "it's all good thanks", "great poker action \ud83d\udc4c", "I Love this game", "BAD ASS GAME", "Very good game", "Great game,quick ups & downs.... we", "i love this g\u00e0me.\ud83e\udd23", "100% Fun!", "well... what can I say... win some... loose some... its poker...", "great game!!", "Awesome game!!", "I love that game", "good game to play", "very fun game", "best poker game", "real live poker action \ud83d\udcaa\ud83d\udcaa\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c ,", "goo", "like it", "excellent!\ud83d\ude0a", "ok", "good game.", "great game.", "good game", "very enjoyable", "really fun", "great game", "Nice game", "Good time", "good game", "fun holdem", "fast and fun", "fun!", "\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "awesome \ud83d\udc4d", "good", "it's fun", "\ud83d\ude0e", "\ud83e\udd14\ud83e\udd14\ud83d\ude15", "well good", "i love this game", "just great", "love the game", "fun game", "good game", "awesome game", "pretty awesome", "good game", "I love it", "fun and fast", "fun game", "enjoyable !!!", "fun!!!!", "cool", "good", "good", "great", "awesome", "good", "good", "awesome", "awesome", "good", "awesome", "nice", "fun", "great", "Cool", "great.", "nice \ud83d\udc4d", "good game.....", "good game \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "great", "good", "awesome", "fun", "good", "good", "great", "great", "good", "great", "amazing", "awesome", "great", "good"], "Chhota Bheem Speed Racing": ["Surya \u0905\u0920 Nee", "t thinking", "NAV", "\ud83d\udc4c", "very nice game for kids from three to almost seven years because after that all of them like to play 3d games , racing 3d games and all. That is why, thisgame is good for children.", "Chota Bheem is my favourite hero but, this game is so bad and boring \ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude2b\ud83d\ude2b\ud83d\ude2b\ud83d\ude2b", "it is boring the game didn't have a thirlling", "very boring. game because? i don't know", "Nice and very good app", "so bad game", "it was good game vcutg=", "very exited game", "Aarush R Bajoria", "it is not game. it is advertisment of patanjali.", "rekha oru loosu", "tight djcsjk jl", "good and just fake", "bhoring game", "tatvik \ud83d\ude03", "bad game", "its very....... good game \ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc95", "i like thegame", "good have", "nI", "no result", "yi", "nice game", "dheem", "like", "bad", "taker.parsad.klendr", "vansh", "nice", "good", "nice game", "It is a baby game dont waste your time .play some other game", "it is pathetic awful and is the worst game in the world", "anger of stick for a new generation to generation of the iPad and iPhone users are able to be at home with a bit of a new 33million and iPhone users are able to be at home with a bit of", "poor poor game pote wale game h your responsible u in game wala people", "my game started first but afterwards at the end it did not start\ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude2d\ud83d\ude2d", "this is very nice and cool game i like it very much", "Very nice game please try\ud83d\udc4c", "my experience is amazing \ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00 l play \ud83d\udd57\ud83d\udd63\ud83d\udd58\ud83d\udd64", "Chhota Bheem I Love very much and it is his game it is very nice \ud83c\udf39\ud83c\udf39\ud83c\udf39\ud83c\udf39\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83c\udf82\ud83c\udf82\ud83c\udf82\ud83d\udc90\ud83d\udc90\ud83d\udc90\ud83d\udc90\ud83d\udc90\ud83d\ude4f\ud83d\ude4f\ud83d\ude4f\ud83d\udc68\ud83d\udc68\ud83d\udc68\ud83d\udc68\ud83d\udc68\u26f3\u26f3\u26f3\u26f3\u26bd\u26bd\u26bd\u26bd\u26bd\u26bd", "the game have very beautiful graphics.", "too many bugs", "WOW NICE GAME", "boht raddi game", "So much ad", "This is a nice game", "Best relifing game", "too much ad....", "super game", "very good", "very nice", "saving", "rudra", "yh", "i like it", "super", "good", "rishabh", "happy", "Good", "is good", "wow", "\ud83d\ude15\ud83d\ude15\ud83d\ude10\ud83d\ude10\ud83e\udd14\ud83e\udd14\ud83d\ude23\ud83d\ude23\ud83d\ude25\ud83d\ude25\ud83d\ude2b\ud83d\ude2b\ud83d\ude0c\ud83d\ude0c\ud83d\ude44\ud83d\ude44\ud83d\ude05\ud83d\ude05\ud83d\ude05\ud83d\ude05", "It's OK I like it", "Latha. Pant", "Its not working", "this game not open", "Very Easy", "think", "datl", "good", "Sweet", "Worst game and that patanjali level makes me sick", "Very. Good game. Super", "It's okay", "This is the best game", "Bad game", "masti game", "Nice app", "Excellent game", "nice \ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "Aawesh", "Good game", "Azher", "best game", "Very very nice keep a lot", "Nice And Lovely game", "Very good game", "It's fanstastic", "Very nice game so fantastic\ud83d\ude1a\ud83d\ude1a\ud83d\ude1a\ud83d\ude1a\ud83d\ude1a\ud83d\ude1a\ud83d\ude1a\ud83d\ude1a\ud83d\ude1a\ud83d\ude1a\ud83d\ude1a\ud83d\ude1a\ud83d\ude1a\ud83d\ude1a\ud83d\ude1a\ud83d\ude1a\ud83d\ude1a\ud83d\ude1a\ud83d\ude1a\ud83d\ude1a\u263a\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "Net free", "Cho", "\ud83d\ude0d", "Supper", "Good", "The game ie too good", "Very good nice game", "It is toooooooooooooo good", "This is super game", "Thanks you", "Nice game", "Ronakjha", "Nice", "It's very nice and funny game . When anybody is injured Bheem come out from his car and help them. If you are thinking to download it pl. download it without any hesitation download it.", "This game very nice and good action nice car and seen this game advancer also good game I am wait a new game a Pokemon game write\u270c\ud83d\udc4f\u261d\ud83d\udc4d", "This game is good but if it could improve more in graphics ,control , etc it will be better yet i like it", "It is very bad day I am planning this game is what?", "I love chhota bheem very much we can wash the fire and help also", "I t is game but not nice", "It's some what uncomfortable to work", "v good game but sooo many game . Ok", "The game is good but it had too much of ads", "Good iska part 2 bana do", "so much ads. disgusting...", "Love it By Tavishi and Rishi\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18", "to many adds but game is good", "This game was driving the car And the in Indore", "I. Am. Feeling. Very. Happy", "It is like small children's game", "This is a vvvvvvvvgood game Thank you", "We can race nicely", "It is very nice game", "Bagaledu enti a parang ali Op", "It is w wonderful game", "This game is so lovely", "Best game ever", "Y o Rahul saha", "This is good game .", "It's a little heard \u263a\ud83d\ude10.", "very nice game", "Very amaging game", "Ice game nice game", "I like this game", "This game is nice", "Ok can't tell", "Very much Nice", "Very nice game", "It is very good", "Very nice game", "Nice for the cartoon kids", "Pretty nice game", "Not going to the second level", "This was a great game", "Too many ads", "Hi wah game", "Krish raj nanda", "For an older version", "A well game", "super game and nice game", "It's nice", "Come Games", "Wood Sleep", "Maximum game", "Very good game", "Kids lovo it", "the game is super", "Super game", "I like", "yery nise", "Dislike of the game", "Wow this is amazing", "\u0928\u0908 \u092c\u093e\u0924\u0939\u0948", "Use game", "Good job", "Enjoyable game", "I loved it", "Totally gd", "I love game", "Play now", "Ha ha ha ha ha", "this is google user", "Best game", "Best game", "It is too good", "Nice game", "Nice game", "Stop adding", "smart game", "Super", "Yo", "Like it", "Ok", "Verra", "Nice game", "Bheem is powerful", "Very nice", "A RJUn", "Bekar", "G00d", "Bore", "Gud", "Super", "Ok", "Nice game,", "Yes", "Very"], "Racing in Car 2": ["This game is bugged in my phone, I can't turn left and right, and I can't hear the music or sound effect of this game. Well the graphic is nice. Please fix this. Thanks!", "Best sensitivity I have ever seen in a phone racing game. Also, the thing, that you just drive in a straight line, makes it pretty boring after a few minutes. Maybe add a few backgrounds. Let them change every round randomly . Same with day-night mode. Add some turns on the road and hand shift :3", "Incredibly boring gameplay with absolutely no objective. I got bored within minutes after realising that there's nothing to do. No improvements on the first version. Why not add a chase element or even timed checkpoints... anything even?!", "This game is very goood and interesting. I am even addicted to this game. I just hope there will be left and right curves for us to go and the weather should be day and night. I also wish they will add filling stations and more cars", "no horn, need camera view on rght side,need more carrier and points system might be differrent. if all this fell in place. this becomes more addictive addictice gme. But.graphics is very goog and my stars is for good and smooth graphics", "it was really bad you coulnt move around or go fast. you couldnt go around people you just stayed in the same spot and just went in a straight line", "Hey guys those who are reading this comment , I want to say only one thing is that the Game is amazing and its graphics is cool and those who are searching for highway driving this is the game made for u.. I really appreciate the makers of the game .. There are many other games with high graphics an...Full Review", "Its very awesome to play this. If anyone doesn't knowhow to drive a car can easily learn from this game. And guys please remember that always use the break when it is necessary because some guys are not using it carefully in real life also...", "This game is not worth it. It soooooooooooo laggy. The graphics is not \ngood. You just got to move the steering wheel, that is it. Don't install \nthis game. Don't waste your time on this game. And it wasted my time \nwaiting. Sorry if I was a bit angry.", "Great driving simulation, but would be so much better if it wasn't just a straight road, needs turnings and junctions. Also the steering is shaky on my phone, I've never had problems with any other games.", "You guys did a good job but still you should add the options of the steering whell or the arrow button. And you should add other features like turnin on headlights or side arrows and please add more cars night modes and fix the buying thing with the last car and the last stage", "GOOD BUT SOME CAR AND PLACES ARE THERE WHICH WE HAVE TO BUY BY DOLLAR. SO I \nTHINK IF THAT THINGS CAN BUY BY THE MONEY OF THE GAME.", "B.O.R.I.N.G, you don't even race anyone and all you do is drive and drive, \nI mean WTH IS THE POINT OF THIS FREAKING GAME??? But just don't waste half \nof your life playing this game and also don't watse money on this game it's \nnot worth it. (I didn't spend nothing on this game)", "Very fun and highly addictive, gives quit the rush while playing and even brings a hell of a laugh when you crash especially if your going really really fast and just doging traffic then hit the semi love it yall keep up the good work", "I love it is amazing, fun and very easy everybody knows how to play the game and the game is to make sure that you are not allowed contact with your friends and family members of congress and very affordable freelance programming language and culture in the game is the first place for you and the ot...Full Review", "I think there should be more things you should choose from and the prices \nshould be lower for the cars and u shouldn't have to buy things with real \nmoney. Also I think to make it harder the other cars should be moving from \nlane to lane also there should be a shop for speed boosters and car design...Full Review", "It's a good game actually... I liked the thing when you just turn your phone just a little bit and it still moved! It's really good. This game deserves five stars for all\ud83d\ude0a feel free to download it\ud83d\ude01 I would like you to download it now! Best game ever bro!\ud83e\udd29", "This game is my partner during free hours or whenever I feel Bored. I love to play this game but I request you to also add manual transmission to game . And Music which we could set by our own.and driving just. Straight makes it bored so add some more things like curves Mountains river crossing .", "BORING!!!! Just uninstalled it. All you do is overtake other vehicles and get the odd 10 points for passing certain cars not sure how the points system works on it!!!! Boring driving in a straight line constantly it needs corners etc and more excitement.", "Pls don't download this app worst off time & data. We cant even turn  our racing vehicle. Only giving acclator", "It is OK but it got no throttle control  an it's keeps  locking  when the control bit can't  slow down its waste of time", "Racing in car 2 is a fun game me and my cousin LOVE IT. like I said it is very fun and I like that you can get different cars and a different background. all of my friends love it in fact they told me to get this game I was like sure. I am so so glad they told me about its just a great game if you a...Full Review", "It's the best game ever I definitely recommend it\u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764 everyone who said it was boring is wrong. It's the best. H have to learn how to play in order to got the game right. U don't steer with the wheel, u tilt the device your on. Most people aren't smart enough to figure that out.", "XBOX 360 Type Graphics. Smooth controls not clunky. Realistic look & feel, not some otherworldly look, like you're driving in the 22nd century. 100MB isn't going to slow down your device either! Reminds me of TDU2 graphics. thankfully the tire physics is just fine! TDU2 sure isn't.", "Super fun game...relaxing, too, but I wish you could actually RACE cars, instead of just trying not to hit them every time. It gets boring.", "Developers thank u for making such kind of game I really appreciate.one thing I want to say that please in next update give missions and hands are not shifting gear like traffic rider bike racing game.this game is good learning driving.please think abt it.biside game is good.", "It is very boring it made a virus so my phone shut off and now I'm stuck \nwith no phone", "Wish I could find a \"Zen\" game where I zoomed down a mostly clear highway, 45-90 mph, soundtrack, great view and just enough attention to avoid hitting anyone while things changed in surreal ways around me. (I would be scored in number of minutes driving), scenery, novelty: an exercise of losing one...Full Review", "I know you have better than that just work on the game and add more things (horn - lights and headlights - flashers - night way - speedometer lights - seat pelt - etc..)  and i know u can do that \ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\udcaa\ud83d\udcaa\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "It is a good game but there are some big adds after you crash twice.who ever made this game show all of the cars because when you start playing this game all you have is junk pieces of cars . I'm warning you don't waste your time on this stupid game. Don't waste all of your free money", "The graphics are great and the smoothness is fantastic but the gameplay is boring. Weave between the cars and that's about it. It takes ages to get the next car, then the next and I'm bored now. Uninstalling it", "How do you slow down. You cant also you just atop half way through and cant start. Its infuriating. But otherwise tbe game is amazing.", "I hated this game it sucks really badly the graphics are bad and all you do is move the wheel plus it is really hard to drive DO NOT GET THIS GAME EVER ANYONE !!!! THERE ARE MANY OTHER REASONS TOO THOUGH BUT IM NOT GONNA SAY BIT DONT GET THIS GAME PEOPLE", "Beast car game ever played. Mack more games like this but mack it so you can get out the car in kill people and tack people  cars.", "Teasing that bad although I hope you improve th graphics and make more games just like that", "Bad game, don't download it unless you want to watch ads more than playing the actual game. Most of the stuff you have to buy with real money, the game lacks content anyway. Steering is also sometimes bad, I am telling you from experience as I have bought all cars to test it. All in all, a complete ...Full Review", "Extremely boring. Needs to b e a better graphic and bugs were not fixed. For an adult fun, for a kid the most boring game we could have played", "It's a very fun game but uh uh wow this game is super duper fun you better play it if you don't give it 5 stars you are missing out on a really nice and fun game... NOW I'M GOING TO PLAY RACING IN CAR 2 BYEE", "Overall is good but needs a lot of work. Breaking is not realistic at all. And the most important if it is not going to be harder you can drive forever without crashing and get bored really quick", "It's okay like if you count it as a total of like 50 stars I give it at least a mini a 45 out of 50 stars because it's not really the best the graphics are really that good and I think they could make it more like realistic because it looks all fake but I know it is but I really don't like you so ma...Full Review", "I am a girl and I even like this game what y'all mean by too many ad no is \nnot too many ads it just right no more ads no more problems so that's why \ny'all need to start taking your back medicine and stop being such a baby \nI'm a girl and not even like boy game so what's the point of even catching ...Full Review", "I mean it's, not the best game but why do have to pay for all the cars with real money you can only have one car that's messed up you can download the game but be aware by messed up things in this game\u2621\u2621\u2621", "it's ok but is a little BORING because there's no point in the game so I just said ok,3 stars for this one I said 3 because it's a little boring and there's so many buttons in a real car and u just put 2 buttons 1 button to go forward and the other one to go backwards come on now u could do better t...Full Review", "I think that I've never had a game like this and I don't work and I love it so much and I I just I don't know what to say right now I love this game so much and I've never had any game like this before so thank you so much guys that prepared me and stuff like that I am and stuff who got the stuff li...Full Review", "IT IS looking nice from its wallpaper and when we play it's to gud.. I liked and loved their graphic it is so gud but  It has no more speed  so we  r felling boooor than...... but nice game \u2698\u2698\u2698\u2698\ud83d\udc90\ud83d\udc90\ud83d\udc90", "Couldnt play the game without making some other game account thing that shows my private activities in a public forum. Not interested.", "Worst game ever .......even if i do a move due to which i should get a point .......they don't give me Nothing to do only a plane road and some car moving straight PLZ DON'T INSTALL I wont prefer any one to install such a bad game....\ud83d\udda4", "Good luck today was so fun watching her to go out for you guys doing \ntonight or not but 555555ytf DJ Khaled to get it from me for my mom said \nyou would have done for you guys doing today and tomorrow \ud83c\udf03 for a bit late \nbut happy that we can get it from me for my mom yfcggc go \ud83d\udd19 in time and \nplace...Full Review", "It is a nice game but its not making attraction to me and its not so good game but there is a little fun but if you try it you will have fun but I think it should be a little hard so that we can play whenever we want", "They make it seem like they want to be a true stalker or something.", "I don't  love  it btw make a difference one where you can see  the car  outside like  the camera so that would be great. Good game  though", "Very bad game it automatically tilts to right side no tilt controls working I played earlier version and really liked it I want this fixed now pls cooperate and fix it", "Perfect with stability control like real-time. New learners can improve their driving skills by using this app. But, Needs full interior view of the car with both rear view mirrors should be visible not half. Watch out it in real car. Add option of right and left driving mode. As someone says adding...Full Review", "This is a game that gets your attention if you like racing games. I love this game but I'm not that kind of person who likes racing a lot. I would rate this five stars at the most.", "Its good for distraction and makes time go by faster when you are bored and to be honest the steering is okay its sometimes hard to control and there is a lot of adds. Its good and i really like the game.", "Hi guys the game is good.. the game still has more potential to keep user \nengaged.. I mean u can make user get more points for good cuts and bends in \nthe drive. Good overtake good s cut..that was a z cut. More points..", "I thought it was gonna be fun but you know what it turned out to be terrible like always this game was terrible never play this I'm not being kidding never play this I mean I would say it's good for little kids", "its a add based game.here is not a free car at start.you have to watch some \nadvertise,as they give some coin/add.than u can buy a car to play the \ngame.what a worst policy... i hate it.", "Pegi 3 game advertising Pegi 16 games.... Morals anyone??? So my 3 year old \ncan play a harmless driving game and watch people get their heads blown off \nin the adverts!", "\ud83d\udc49\ud83e\udd37\u200d\u2642\ufe0fhey FAST FREE GAMES TEAM :: nice game....nice controls BUT...... put \u2714STEERING OPTION so it will make a real environment of car driving. also include sinple car features like headlight,sidelight,horn,music and many more. Make a real like traffic.", "I went to play the game and had to purchase a car  had 500 pots and needed 7000  in order to get a car and there's know way to play it unless you pay 1.99 and purchase one un cool should put 1.99 for game download before we download it t", "This game is boring. No challenges, no levels, nothing at all... VERY BORING INDEED", "First time I played this game it was okay then after a couple times of Planet it started glitching and stopping and pausing so anytime you actually put your hand down on the pedal to speed up the car it glitches and cut off and ask you do you want to continue or discontinue this game needs to be fix...Full Review", "What nonsense..... Stupid game ever.... From the cover it looks like what a beautiful game but inside all the things like mud totally waste of time and data", "Nice game but it needs work, 1)there should be more cars 2)there should be the two lane mode 3)the side mirror of the car should be realistic.  4)there should be many  modes of playing                  I hope that you will work on this game and make it feel more realistic than it is.          Thank ...Full Review", "I liked the game,but it I wish there was a destination. And instructions on \nhow to use the game, like how to drive. It took me a while to figure out \nhow to drive but once I knew, it was a very fun game!", "I think this game is just a game to play when you're bored. I don't think \nit is my favorite game, but it is fun, plus NO ADDS!!!!!!!!\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude04", "I think you should jave stuck with racing in a car it was alful i only had to play it twice to tell you all of this if you want to make a game make on were you can actually see your car you all seriosly need to learn how to make games again", "Good so far. But add more graphics and items. For instance; people, places, different road codes, weather effects etc. In a new update. Thanks", "Installed, hit play, crashed in 2 seconds, 30 second ad comes on....uninstalled. These developers are missing the point.....too many ads means you get uninstalled. Grow up and be fair", "It us very nice game I am play in 1 days 10 times thank you for game very \nvery much for this for the game my name is biker Kumar kushwaha I am live \nin bishrampur chaplains was no. 7 . I am also going to great one game send \nit free for you and your friend", "Its good but its just not perfect\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00though i liked it\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03maybe it will be better of you add more levels or things to it \ud83d\ude0a Sry i just cant rate it 5 stars", "\u090f\u0915 \u092a\u094d\u0930\u0924\u093f\u092f\u094b\u0917\u093f\u0924\u093e \u092e\u0947\u0902 \u092a\u0942\u091b\u093e \u0917\u092f\u093e \u0915\u093f \u090f\u0915 \u0910\u0938\u093e \u0935\u093e\u0915\u094d\u092f \u092c\u0924\u093e\u0913 \u091c\u093f\u0938\u092e\u0947\u0902 *\u0926\u0941\u0935\u093f\u0927\u093e, \u091c\u093f\u091c\u094d\u091e\u093e\u0938\u093e, \u0921\u0930, \u0936\u093e\u0902\u0924\u093f, \u0915\u094d\u0930\u094b\u0927, \u0939\u093f\u0902\u0938\u093e \u0935 \u0916\u0941\u0936\u0940* \u0915\u093e \u0906\u092d\u093e\u0938 \u0939\u094b\u0964\u0964  \u0935\u093f\u091c\u092f\u0940 \u0935\u093e\u0915\u094d\u092f \u092f\u0947 \u0925\u093e.....  *\u092e\u0947\u0930\u0940 \u092a\u0924\u094d\u0928\u0940 \u092c\u093e\u0924 \u0928\u0939\u0940\u0902 \u0915\u0930 \u0930\u0939\u0940 \u0939\u0948* \ud83d\ude1c\ud83d\ude06best game ofworbs", "Now what. I have all the cars and a wallet full of money. Needs more cars or be able to change parts. Somthing to spend money on. Takes to long to make money and when you do collect all cars your done the game", "A cheat like fugg. When you pause and unpause sometimes to continue it gets stuck  and you lose all the coins you accumulated playing ALL the coins so much for that freaken hour play", "I will give you one word for this game, BORING. Way worse than racing in car original. That was from 2016. Do not get this game!!!", "It is a game I would recommend to download. Perfect for playing without \nbeing connected to Internet, at any time. Reason why I rated 4/5 stars is \nbecause there aren't enough cars to choose to race with.", "You need to add a score of distance you cant just earn money by getting close to cars and add a track where cars come from the reverse way other than that it s a perfect app", "This is a GREAT game!!! If.you.like driving fast (170mph in the lowest level car) and weaving.in.and.out of traffic you.will.like this.game. Its.almost like you.are.running from.the police (not.that I would.ever do that, lol). This is a fun game and a great time killer.  The motorcycle version of.th...Full Review", "The graphics is nice...handling also too good\ud83d\udc4c If u add some of this \nfeatures like Horn Side view mirror Reverse Handbreak Rear view mirror \nLight Camera angle... it will be more interesting to play this game", "Boring game!!!! Graphics are not interesting. The worst part of the game is the sound of the car that is like a tempo. It's not a car. It's a tempo.", "WOW just amazing, you could make big money, improvement should be putting realistic country, city and much more like online player racing, with a creative developer like you should make more and more, what about vr gaming, you are the future game maker, thank you I will try to play as many times I c...Full Review", "I hope theres a racing mode here. And add more powerfull cars,also make the engine sound more realistic. Also add multiplayer so that we can play with our friends thru bluetooth. Thanks. :)", "i hate it!!! when i got the game it didn't even work. i did it for my brother and he told me its gliching. \ud83d\ude2c", "For some reason it's relaxing for me.  Graphics are great & controls work easy.   The only thing that doesn't work is the 'sign in' I tap & nothing.  I don't kno how to create account.", "This is a not very interesting game. It can be played even you feel booring.it booring thing is it control everything itself.only i have to control the steering and speed. \ud83d\ude1e\ud83d\ude1e\ud83d\ude1e\ud83d\ude1e\ud83d\ude14\ud83d\ude14\ud83d\ude14", "Best game I've ever played,but, I don't like the red van, it's so obvious it's the same one over and over, use a random number generator like in the backgammon game, white50%of the time, red20%, light blue5%, dark blue5%, yellow, well, you get the idea.", "This is the worst app in the whole world attire do not download this app You can rage in this app my score was 3375647 and because of a add I messed up", "The game starts with 500 points not enough to buy a car to start the game. \nYou have to actually spend money just to get into the game. ITS NOT FREE.", "It's copy pasting from previous game i play this game a year before but now i installed them again just locking something new and special but you add nothing it's similar to the previous game i like only one thing in this game that are the handling and controlling  And nothing is important more beca...Full Review", "This game is very good , the graphics and the gameplay is awesome the only thing which needs to be improve is the traffic intensity , increase the traffic level and it will be a lot more fun playing it...", "This game is awful don't waste ur space downloading this game for nothing guys is is just awful you can't turn it nothing u go straight and look at the dumb cars fingers and a wheel this is awful", "AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!! SO HARD TO CONTROL AND YOU HAVE TO PAY WITH REAL MONEY. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!", "I like the game it's just a waste of storage on my phone all you have to do is move between cars although good consept. I'll give it 4 stars", "It is a very popular game. I liked it very much. It's fabulous. When I played it first time, l didn't know how to play it?, but when I played it regularly then I get to the pitch and now I can play it very perfectly.", "It's a awesome game and if u like cars then download it has a little to many adds.", "I hoped this game to be of my kind but it disappointed.Seriously a damn game.The cars don't have a horn.The game lacks challenges.I uninstalled it within a minute.", "Not that much good but I rated 5 stars because it take a lot of hard work for making a game but it is good but I Want horn head light indicator and horn keep it up \ud83d\udc55        \ud83d\udc56", "It's OK . Control is too sensitive and no side mirror or rear view mirror . What sort of car is that ? No Navigation system how do other cars no I want to switch to the left or right.  Please read this review and upgrades. Thanks", "I really enjoyed racing games, but this one need a lot of work.  That's why I rate this game only 2 Stars because you guys can do better in the graphic", "There is no second level it slowed me down", "i think its a good game its good for a distraction and makes time go by faster when your at a doctors office waiti g and to be honest the steering is ok its sometimes hard to controll and there is a lot of adds. Its good and i really like the game!!\ud83d\udc99", "You know I haven't done any thing they are making me out so I didn't like this game very much So please see that 8th doesn't happen again", "This game was lame. Ads between every restart. Lots of glitches in windshield made hard to see where your going. Wasted 5 dollars for the Ferrari. Uninstalled.", "Hi there are any questions about your business and the peaple who were in \nTaylor's team were the first time in the whole world but the best of the \npeaple who are in town for a sleepover? I have to stay on top of my \nfavorite is the most", "Amazing game! Better if had options button in settings menu, arrow keys on \ncomputer maybe?", "It gets boring after a while and buying the cars are so expensive", "yeah so i downlaoded it thinking it was a gucci online shopping and i was shoked what a scam this is so low ugh unbelieveable super annoying i cant believe it ughhh wasted if time not worth the space on my iphone x10", "It is a perfect game and the controls are perfect as well. Usually games don't work for me but this does. It is really fun but one upgrade is needed and that is turns. Like could you please add turns to make the game more fun. Thanks.", "Boring game. You just have to move left and right", "It's really fun for me my high score is 1455 and I really happy this game is really fun & great love this game so much.For those who saying this game is bad you are a lying.Love this game so so so so much\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\udc95...", "I love this game because it's not like the other games and u get to win the cars depends on how much money u got I love who ever made this game thank u guys", "You must upgrade this game because no horn,no side mirror and should have more car ....... the car is not enough for me.. it must have more car and i not boring to play this game ...", "It's good app but with limited access...you can add more camera views and steering wheel also. Also you can make it a racing game so that we can play it with our friends online.", "It is good I like it so much I want to do it in real life please send this to Brooke dial", "This is so fun for me because I am 10 and I am so interested in cars and I want to drive one. This gives me a little, tiny, itsy bitsy peek of what it looks like to drive but on the highway.", "I would have liked this game if I could of steered  im on a computer and it wouldn't let me steer.FIX THIS!!!", "It's a waste of my time and I think who would want it is the most stupid game ever  there is also no challenge to it.", "At first it was bumpy but it got me hooked now,just give it a chance like I did and u may like it,\ud83d\udc7e\ud83d\ude39", "The controls went missing so then I uninstalled the game I couldn't move and I couldn't control the car because it the setting it showed nothing for the controls.****", "Nice game.. But why straight road? .. Put some challenges in game.. Need \nsome difficulty,difficult roads,speed breakers, etc etc..", "It is funny but I don't know it's time wasting and Very Very very very very very very very very very very very very very boring. I like this but I am deleting. Ok !!!!!", "All you do is steer no turns no nothing its the stupidest game I have ever played I'm dissapointed :(", "It is so rubish there is not even corners .", "Game is good.  But it will be much better if it has the option for manual steering mode and all the other facilities like horn, mirror etc.  Hope for much better upgradation...", "I don't like this game This is bad game and also  boring game The game is like this we want ride a car with the stearing but it crash all the vehicles My sister don't  like this game Don't download this game.", "This game is boring. There is absolutely no objective. All you do is drive in a circle dodging cars that don't even switch lanes. There is absolutely no challenge.", "It really passes time and I like to pretend I have kids in the back seat \nand that neighbor. Hood is the school and house :p", "I need mountains and hill stations like driving through hair pin bends .. It would be very fun if soooo ... Please. ... And also add more cars ....", "Lots of fun and a great time if you like to go fast, but more excitement is needed..", "In options or settings you should be able to choose how you switch lanes. Probably a lot of people say that you should change turning the device to arrows of some sort", "It it boring all you do is push a button and tilt your phone and it does not end until you crash 3 times", "It should be able to make sure you have any questions about the possibility \nof joining your company and they will not work for me know when you make it", "Good graphics and gameplays but its so lame its not even funny.", "There is nothing in this game . You have to drive through straight line and traffic is none . Loook like google play having another junk game in his list ...", "Graphics are bad there is literally nothing to do and when I over took a car it said it had crashed even though I was past it I wish I could give it 0 stars", "Nice game but there should also be a option of hand touch mode so that we can turn by pressing the left or right button , otherwise nice game\ud83d\ude09", "lots of ads to much slow car makes me mad", "Wastage of time... No controls,nothing is good.... Really disappointing..", "this is the first most boring, intimidating app I have ever installed don't install this app don't make the mistake I did please", "This game is the best because kids can learn how to drive and you have freedom on this amazing app I'm very surprised these games are this good and I'm only 11", "I hate that you can't use the wheel instead of tilting your device but \nother than that it's really fun", "This game is better than the other ones but you will get bored of it if you \ncontinues to three or four weeks. But it is an exciting game", "It's not like you racing against someone it's just not relly entertainment. Nothing is happening in here....but it could be good for someone..but the. Someone it's not me....", "Too many ads! Each and every time ads disturb me No challenges No grapics \noption Not given many settings No intrest to play this booring game", "This is a nise game but it didn't have arrow buttons to move left or right \nscreen tilt option is their but whatever this is a nice game", "The game is good but it needs some updates like new roads, new cars etc and also is very dum with the tilting you should add other control methods to make it easier.", "Attenuator docs rigs rubric down jeeps kaif dog techie meowing itched forty bribery Oahu south Heidi goto gridiron gem", "its buggy and needs more improvements come on I know you guys can do better than this!", "This game is awesome I've never seen this speed people please listen to me \nthis game might be boring to you but say what you think it's your dicision \nI love it . You hate it but I don't care so install it and see what you say \n.thank you", "Worst game the game title is race but there is no race between cars, just \nmanually you have to drive. Worst app. Change the title to car game.", "It's personally ok don't understand those haters but hey I wouldn't tell my \nfriends HEY THIS IS A GREAT game but I don't hate it either good job though", "This game is ok just not that fun its kind of boring all you do is drive a \ncar not to be rude but its boring", "Yesterday when i play this game it shows many of advertisements but now it \ndo not show any advertisement so thanks a lot to remove it now i am very \nhappy i", "Stop ducking complaineing I will hack into all your phones and spread rumors you kiss Gary", "This Game Nothing To do. Steering stuck At the left side. And key control is zero. Quite Disappointing. Deleting it with in 5 min.", "The graphical working must take place ,when we start up the wallpaper of that plus icon of the game should be changed.Also,add a more amount of racing cars in it.though,it is not so boring and is a ok game.", "It is okay but developer pls make the city level free there's no reason you should buy it because there's only 3 levels and you make the 3rd for 2.99 that's a rip off", "Only overtaking time coins add, distance of driving we may get coins and how much kms passed details need....", "Guys if u want to get any thing free on android download lucky patcher its really fun", "This game is good but we have to a straight path we cannot go to any \nanother lane and you should also the graphics of the game a little bit . \nThan your game can become the best game.", "Well i love it but just a suggestion you should add reflections in the \nmirrors so u know how close the car next to you is and to make more real.", "It's bpring you can't turn it i rather play 3d games than this but it fine \nfor a 3 yr old", "It's a very realistic highway car game and I really like the graphics in it. I could give it 6 stars if it were a little easier to earn enough money to unlock the variety of cars and roads... but it's pretty relaxing and addictive!", "I am going to uninstall I hate playing games you can't choose the controls I hate tilting my phone back and forth.", "Pretty stripped down. No shop, no upgrades, WAY TOO MANY ADS!!! Great concept but why not more like the motorcycle version?", "It is really bad take my word for it dont get this app it just takes up room on your device", "very much for the first time i see was a great day for at the least lac ka \nmar step in to a the world of the day i will be a good day at the end of a \nnew one is a very good at it and i don't know", "Too many ads, and you have to wait for more than 20 seconds for each ad...and the game is boring, no challenges", "is just kind of a waste of my time and it's kind of boring  and there's only one View and there's only a couple cars boring and there is no horn or nothing like that", "Fun and addictive This game is so competitive and enjoyable to play that it can make me feel better when I am sad!\ud83d\udc9e", "The best I have ever seen. If you think the game is useless, perhaps you should get a better phone.", "It's a good and addicting game but it's a bit boring because it's just a straight road that u r driving on so what I mean is just plz add turns and signals etc", "I think u should have a driving wheel and shouldn't drive from inside the \ncar. Why do you have to drive close to a car get points .But other than \nthat it is a good game", "Boring game with less vehicle options and you actually have to pay money for some cars and tracks.this game is not worth paying money", "I gave his a three stars because it was super glitchy with steering the car \nso I'm uninstalling the app \ud83d\ude42\ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude10", "This is gud game with gud graphics and one thing this game don't contains \nturns and car sounds are gud if this game had turns then its awwsome", "Good game... but need some more realistic move like other cars overtaking \nwhich add more crisp... otherwise good work by developers:)", "I think that all you get to do go straight . And doesn't tell you what suppose to do. I personally hate the game.", "How to get to another level I don't understand it its like am playing the same stage over and over", "This is game for childrens not biger/older than 5... It is wery stypid game, with only on point: driving in car on road. And the only points is when tou pass near to other cars.. Nothing alse...", "This game is so cool  I love it \ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude00 even my dad loves it I am a girl and I hate car games but I love this one so cool", "It is an amazing  game and I love yjid game because it doesn't have any type of add and  I think it's very nice racing game", "no finish line ...no levels sequence ....same level repeat again nd again \n.....nd they required to much coin to jump one level to another ... \ngraphics r awesome nd. I enjoyed it", "Ager Ye car wali games alag se pass karti to or good better best rahta Pr oo baat to hai nhi Es liye thora achha hai", "Okay but they need to do right and left turns if it might had right and left turns IF WOULD HAVE BEEN THE WAY I WANTED I WOULD GIVE FULL Rating", "This game is awesome and the graphics are amazing. They make me fill like I'm really driving. The control is great you can do what ever and I love it\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01", "The game is awesome than other games nice background music and good graphics. Please add some turns so it will good.Nice game ,you guys also want to dowload......", "I think its ok my brother has it and plays it a lot so thats why i downloaded it for me it was good ok and ya i like it am ok with it because the car its like your driving in a real car and am only seven so i love this game", "worst controls only one type of controls... it's like we're gone to the starting age of Android where you have to play with only one type on controls which you couldn't able to play while laying down.", "How to control the pressure on accelerator?  It is either 100% or no gas. In real car, you can control the speed,  it is not just all or nothing", "Really enjoyable! Great graphics and control. I hope that future releases include curves, oncoming traffic, and maybe cops :-)", "Garbage. Pure garbage. Takes way too long to get even the slightest upgrade and change in that monoton gameplay", "Awesome and true pictures. But its can't change the way I want to drive. Hard to use", "Installed the game and there was no free car to play. I guess this is one \nof the worst game I have ever played.", "The driver has a mind of its own with that wheel im keeping my device completely still as not to crash and it turns- swirls into the cars or ramp", "I tried this game out and guess what it sucks...your game sucks and it's boring and why Do u got to pay in money for a car and a season....Please kindly reply?!", "Papa, and I am not sure if you are 5 55 5, I have a look at the moment, but I think I have a look at the moment and 2nd floor, and I will be in the next day delivery on of a few weeks, but it w5cas the 2 the the the the the, the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the...Full Review", "Pas grave je vais pas tarder \u00e0 vous dite quoi comme film de boule au ventre mais \u00e7a fait longtemps que je pas compris la le\u00e7on de conduite", "Wot a load of ****.,, so boring..everything about it is just rubbish..didn't even want to give it 1star,had to to submit wot I thought.. JUNK..."], "Masha and the Bear: Free Animal Games for Kids": ["i bought no Ad and lots of candy cart but why there are stil Ads keep showing and I have to wait until its timing count down to close it later. I want my money back.", "plapjh v n x d d d s a es f e sd", "Great it could be better", "bad", "\u178b\u178b", "pulis", "superb", "\ud83c\udf39\ud83c\udf39\ud83c\udf08\ud83c\udf08\ud83d\udc70\ud83d\udc70\ud83d\udc26\ud83d\udc26\ud83d\udc78\ud83d\udc78\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "my sister by mistakely had made a purchase to this app... and now i have to restore my purchase so this app is not giving the money back that my sister have mistakely given....as it already written on the app we can restore purchase.. so why are u not giving my money back\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20....i have no problem wi...Full Review", "it is", "nice", "100% ads, all the time, its ridiculous. There are more ads than gameplay. Dont bother downloading this.", "I loved this game you allso play na Ok friends bie\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "So lame who would want to play this game", "To whoever it may concern, Good day/night to the person reading this. My \nhumble opinion in regards of this game is that it should have a language \noption or atleast something more simple that might help kids that do not \nknow English to understand better. This program is really popular nowadays, \na...Full Review", "Unacceptable! It asks for permission to your contacts, make calls, photos \nand storage... Yeah no...", "I like this game....this is one of my favorite game even before....", "I like the game", "I love it", "Ok", "How cool is this, my mummy likes Masha and the bear", "This game is the best", "Wow", "Ok", "Good", "The game is bad I simple did it", "Cool game!\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01", "I love it", "Kids love it", "Nice", "I love it\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d \ud83d\udc9a", "Why would a kids game ask for location and access to contacts and phone calls..seems like a fishy developer!!", "Poor game i don't recommend this for kids, its filled with ads watching and in app purchases", "This game helps my 3 year old brother now what a doctor means and its fun", "Bad but in 100%99.9 percent is bad.1 is  good   \ud83d\ude2b\ud83d\ude12\ud83d\ude34\ud83d\ude2c", "Tons of commercials. A waste of time", "this game is super best easy game in the world I love love this game \ud83d\ude19", "It is fun to teach kids how to treat a  patient", "My 4 year old loves it!!", "Awesome  games  you should played this game played this game", "It is great for little kids    It is great for little girls and boys", "Hate it it wasted my battery", "I hate when it loads and my niece loves it", "My 4 year old sister Love's it", "I love this app it is so COOLLLLLLL", "More advertising than gaming", "Access to all contacts? And calling? This is very suspicious", "My daughter like it very much", "\u0647\u064a \u0627\u0641\u0636\u0644 \u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u0644\u0644\u0627\u0637\u0641\u0627\u0644", "To the person  who done this game your my hero !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", "Remove adds. It too much :-) ;-)", "Best game ever", "\u041c\u0430\u0493\u0430\u043d \u049b\u0430\u0442\u0442\u044b \u04b1\u043d\u0430\u0434\u044b", "My kid loves it", "This is a lovely game", "Verry Good game", "It is a nice game", "Yeah!", "...those adds... Drives my kid crazy!", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc \u062d\u0631\u0641 \u0646\u062f\u0627\u0631\u0647\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "Its okay", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc", "Ok", "Good", "Nice", "Vere good Alma \ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01", "I Love  This  Game", "Funny!", "Theres something missing", "I love it and animals", "Very good", "Lol", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc", "Good", "nice", "\u0627\u0644\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\u06cc\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude19\ud83d\ude19\ud83d\ude19\ud83d\ude19\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude17\ud83d\ude17\ud83d\ude17\ud83d\udc67\ud83d\udc67\ud83d\udc67\ud83d\udc8f\ud83d\udc91", "Ads ads ads ads even after paying .99 cents to remove the ads. Useless for my daughter to play since it keeps redirecting her to the play store. This is exactly the type of children games that Google needs to work on penalising or remove all together since all they care about is upselling and promot...Full Review", "\u0627\u0647 \u0627\u0647 \u0627\u0647 \u0647\u0645\u0634 \u0645\u06cc\u0632\u0646\u0645 \u0645\u062a\u0648\u0642\u0641 \u0634\u062f\u0647 \u0627\u0633\u062a", "My little sister loves is a lot she even gets my I pone a lot I'm only 12 and she is 4", "It's not very nice don't downlaod it !!", "It's very good to babys\ud83d\udc66", "It won't let us watch the videos to unlock patients", "I LOVE THE APP SO MUCH!", "Its very good game and very nice", "It is so cute and fun", "\u0628\u0647 \u0646\u0637\u0631 \u0645 \u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc \u0628\u0648\u062f", "I love your app", "I love Masha so much", "My little sister like the it", "This  is i love games \ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\udc6d\ud83d\udc67\ud83d\udc71\u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4d", "I liked this game", "I love this game", "I am a beautiful girl", "\u0628\u0647\u0646\u0632\u0631\u0645 \u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc \u0628\u0648\u062f", "Its so cute5", "Fyi coolest game eveeeer\u270c\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0d", "It's great", "I love this game", "Ang ganda", "it is good game", "\u062e\u06cc\u0644\u06cc \u0628\u0627\u062d\u0627\u0644\u0647", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc", "Amazing game", "Cool", "Fantastic", "For some reason, I can't treat any of the animals or click on any of the buttons. It's been this way for several days now. My son really enjoys this game and would to continue playing. Please fix. Thank you.", "I love this game because you take care of animal", "Hate it worst game ever !!!!", "Amazing...well done....\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "Awesome game my 8 year old daughter loves it", "The most stupid game in the world", "I love this game so much", "This game is so cool", "Son loves the game!", "Masha is my favorte Cartoon.", "I ma hoo wi-oh wi-oh wi-oh", "We love it super cute", "Is it gonna get X 9999999999999999999999948", "I Love them", "I love this game", "Best game ever", "Nice.", "So cute", "I love it", "\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\u27a1\u0631\u0648\u0639\u0639\u0639\u0639\u0639\u0639\u0639\u0639\u0629\u0629\u0629\u0629\u0629\u0629\u0629\u0629\u0629", "Its nice", "Glitchy", "AWESOME", "Brilliant", "Love it", "My app is not responding my kid loves this game and she hasn't bien able to play it for weeks", "It is a good game but I don't get the part that you have to buy other animals", "I love\u2764 helping the little animals and they are all so cute and cuddly! \ud83d\udc30\ud83d\udc07\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude04", "Wouldn't work whatsoever on my hudl 2.", "App with an error \ud83d\ude0f i need to unstall this repeatedly to open \ud83d\ude11", "Very cute    I love all games of MASHA.  It is my favorite game.\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude4c\ud83d\ude4c", "6I love it so much. I Can not stop playing it.\ud83d\ude0d", "My daughter loves this game! Well done", "My 4yr old boy loves the game but wishes it was easier to get guys", "nice game but not super good", "Crap, but with more ads", "I love the game so much", "I love this game so so much", "It    did   nt   Response  in   my    tablet   don't  download it", "It's a great game for children", "I think it's great I think it's great!!!", "It was teacing hiw to solve and take \u2764 of people \ud83d\udca9", "Its  an  very. Interesting   game  for  me and my brother and my \ud83d\udc6a family", "Great game for my 3 year old", "This is the best game ever", "It's a good app", "An App with errors", "It's very excellent good job", "This game was so beautiful", "This game is very good and just perfect for kids", "Cool fun and a great app.", "Its ok for a free app", "great game for kids", "Liked the game \ud83d\ude01", "I think this game is cool", "It's great", "this is a game where you can learn about doctors", "Too many ads", "aku suka mainan ini", "I love it because it funnier", "My daughter likes this game", "It's ight\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "It's a good  game", "Awesome game", "Very entertaning and easy for a toddler to play", "Kids like it", "OK kid loves it", "Very  good  game", "Soo good for my smaller sister", "\u0647\u0627\u0630\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629\u0648\u0627\u064a\u064a\u062f\u062d\u0644\u0648\u0629", "Best game", "Super  fun", "It is awesome", "Very......... Good game", "Good", "I love it", "nice game", "Fun", "Nice game.", "Love it", "Awesome", "Good", "Amazing", "HORRIBLE Cannot believe all the high ratings on here... After each play, child is taken out of the game to install other games!!! No learning what so ever either... Uninstalling", "YOU TAKE CARE OF ANIMALS AND PLAY 3 MINI GAMES. THANKS FOR THIS GAME.\u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764\u2764", "I like this game because this game give me some teaches how to treat animals  in the clinic.", "Hi i am 12years old and i love this game very much please download this game .\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\u263a\u263a\u263a", "Great game super fun Got it for my daughter but im into it too!\ud83d\ude02", "I think the game is really good my child loves this game keep it up the  good work on this game\ud83e\udd17\ud83e\udd17", "This is so much exclusive game in the world \ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude06\u263a\ud83d\ude09\ud83c\udfb5\ud83c\udfb6\ud83c\udfb8\ud83c\udfba\ud83c\udfb7\ud83c\udfa1\ud83c\udfa2\ud83d\udc25\ud83d\udc26\ud83d\udc07\ud83c\udf1d\ud83c\udf1b\ud83c\udf18\ud83c\udfe5\ud83d\udd0d\ud83d\udd13", "My baby sister love this game. It is the right game for little kids", "Me and my brother love this game so much\ud83d\ude0a", "This game is nice but takes time     Too many ads \ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude0d\ud83e\udd13", "My daughter thinks its boring", "I love this game very very very very much excellent game"], "True Fear: Forsaken Souls I": ["Honestly, not a bad game. I'm not entirely sure I'm willing to buy the game outright though. The demo is a good tease", "I paid $7.99 nzd for the full game ! game was pretty good but am disappointed that i only got 3hrs continuous play out of it and and that's including the bonus game feeling a bit ripped off.", "Great graphic. Captivating storyline. I love it", "Bought the game.. loved it!", "Absolutely love this!!!", "good and entertaining", "love it", "amazing game !totally hooked... i jumped a few times and had to shut my laptop for a few minutes haha ... crushed part 1 and 2 cant wait for part 3... i usually play this type of games on consoles. part 1 reminded me a bit of resident evil 7 in the beginning and it totally got my attention. great co...Full Review", "I just finished the free part of the game and I must admit I am sold! I never pay for games but this one deserves every dime. I didn't mind paying 5 dollars for the full version because it's a great game and who ever created this game deserves my money... very interesting and keeps you on your toes....Full Review", "Excellent. Not too easy but not too hard in the 'advanced' mode. Although there are relatively few locations there is a lot in here. Yes, there is a lot of going backand forth but map helps there. The story is well written. The bonus game is in itself is quite large and this is definitely one game I...Full Review", "Im not one for games, especially on my phone. But this game is epic. The graphics are amazing, just as good as if you were playing on your PS or XBOX etc. The storyline is gripping and keeps you enthralled. And its not as easy as you think its going to be. It actually keeps you guessing and running ...Full Review", "This is one of the most detailed horror point and click games I have EVER played! This is different, but has all the same elements of suspension and challenges I really enjoyed. Graphics are great BTW. I am so drawn in!! EDIT: Just purchased True Fear 2!! It's supposed to be even longer than the fir...Full Review", "Great game. Compelling story. Nice, easy gane play. Most puzzles actually make sense, as opposed to other games of this nature. I do wish it would tell you if you didn't find all the statues before it is too late to go back in. I don't want to play all over again to find them. Would be five stars ex...Full Review", "Ab fab! graphics great! instantly hooked!!Hv enjoyd it so much tht i bought it on ps4 too!! Free part is long itself,as is bonus! I was gona buy it anyway. No freezing,no lags, no ads. just awesomeness! Can't wait 2 see how story unfolds-keep trying 2guess as I read the diary entries! then something...Full Review", "Graphics are top notch and as far as mobile games go the cutscenes are quite impressive. From the minute I picked the game up I struggled putting it down as it was incredibly immersive. The games tells you the areas where actions are outstanding which takes away some of the challenge. I got just as ...Full Review", "it's a lot of fun. production quality is very good with a great story. only downside is the constant back and forth where some clues will randomly apart in a room you've already cleared BUT the map does alert you to these if you look at it so... overall great and I'm buying part 2 asap!", "Fantastic! Scary like \"Sixth sense\", keeps you a bit on edge yet you just have to go on to know whole story. Is a 3part story/game. First one is totally free. Doesnt leave you dangling like most demos, but story is so intriguing that you have to play it through to the end. $4.99: Totally worth it! G...Full Review", "This is definitely one of the best mystery games I've ever had the pleasure of playing. No annoying adds, no money grabbing schemes, and step, by step assistance when needed. The graphics are amazing, and the story is easy to follow. You should teach the others, cuz you're the standard guys. Fantast...Full Review", "This is certainly one of the best room-escape style games that I've played, if not the best. Whenever games have video story lines, I always skip them. This is the first game where I've actually watched them. The backstory is detailed, the usage of inventory items is animated with more detail than i...Full Review", "Really good. Tough though, I like the challenges which makes you think! the first chapter is free which does last I guess.. I bought the 2nd part which was \u00a34.39 I think it was..but now the inventory tag won't go back down! really annoying, PLEASE FIX as I can't really continue game! I paid for this...Full Review", "I'm a horror fanatic and came across this game. Decided to give it a try and was very impressed with it, really easy to figure out and understand. Only thing I didn't like was having to pay for it half way through the storyline. I'm hoping the part 2 I don't have to pay again because if so I think t...Full Review", "I DO NOT write reviews for mobile games. I write reviews for stores/ experiences/ products and so forth just never mobile games but damn this game is sooooo good. I plowed through it in less than a day and the bonus material. The plot is amazing. The graphics are stunning. the finding makes my brain...Full Review", "Very fun, complex, and compelling game. You can tell the developers worked very hard on the graphics and storyline. The only game I didn't hesitate for full access to. The only complaint I have is the price for access. It cost $6.49CAD for what was described as 12hrs (on average) of gameplay but wha...Full Review", "This game is brilliant!! I was addicted to it straight away. The story is good, it's easy to understand & the graphics are great. I like that it's not too easy/hard & the map helps a lot. You have to keep jumping back & forth, but it really keeps you thinking. I've just started part 2 & it's just as...Full Review", "i recently discovered these games and I'm completely hooked and recommending them to friends. they are addictive, the right amount of difficult and there are some genuinely jumpy moments! i also got the full version of part 2 which is equally as brilliant! there are hidden trophies to collect along ...Full Review", "01 - 04 - 19. True Fearforsken Souls. Both Games 1 and 2 are freezing and the doll that glows that reads hintis isnt responding. Im very anger and disappointed because i wasn\"t able to finish game 2. \ud83c\udfa9\ud83d\udc60 01 -06- 19. I was able to sucessfully play both 1 & 2 again because i unistalled both games and...Full Review", "Mostly good puzzle game. this is just chapter 1 but length is ok. no ads. Puzzles made sense, map was very helpful. i found the jigsaw and pencil puzzles would not work properly as it would not sense drags at the top of the screen, so had to skip those to progress. Also they put a bit of work in dra...Full Review", "I have been on this store for like 8 years and never bought a game. So I played the free version, got hooked. This is officially the first one I have ever bought here and it was 1000% worth it! Such good gameplay and a great story. love love love", "its a relatively great creepy story with good graphics. i like that you can jump to any location quickly. the clues are just hard enough to keep you entertained without becoming bored. lost a star for some of the clues being so easy it was pointless. otherwise bring on more of these please", "loved the game. would be 5 stars but the bonus chapter glitched so I couldn't finish it. the list of employee names disappeared from the diary right after getting to the computer. I remembered some names and found the answer but the result did not transfer to the diary and the skip button didnt work...Full Review", "AWESOME game but i'm stuck @ the point were you need you set the time or something for the clock in order move forward and I would love to just beat this 1 mission ..Any advise? There is no clues for this and I can not figure it out at all??Please just help", "I need to clean the leaves from the stair, a simple stick will do... But no.. Lets search over the house for a puzzles and find the exact tool for that. The room is too dark.. Lets leave the flashlight on the backyard Reply : lol I love how the developers sarcastically using \"clever\", I have no issu...Full Review", "This game is exceptional. I like escape games and after graduating from The Room series, everything else bored me. This game is par with that series. It's great that you can hop from place to place on the map, and even the map locations tell you where you actually need to do something. There are lit...Full Review", "downloaded this game due to its awesome reviews. was really looking foward to playing it. but after giving it permissions all it does is go to a black screen. will be deleting after writing this review VERY DISAPOINTED!!", "really fun and addicting! *EDIT* This game does cost money to play half way through, but you know what I would rather pay ONE FLAT PRICE as opposed to paying for all of these in-app purchases other games have. I love the story line and it actually does kinda scare me like a movie which means I'm rea...Full Review", "Just finished part one and downloading part two now. This game definitely exceeded my expectations. very happy I tried it out. Some people complain about the price for full game but as a gamer I think it was worth it for 4 days worth of gameplay and truly fun experience.", "I love the puzzles and the mystery, but I REALLY wish there was more than point and click game play. Like ACTUALLY walking thru and searching for clues etc. Its been done with great success in the newest iterations of resident evil. Playing this gives me more of an interactive computer game from my ...Full Review", "My wife has 50 dvd games of this genre, none of which is as quite as challenging as this. I wouldnt call her a gamer, But I think she would manage this on the basic mode. I tried it, without entering a name, and was quite surprised that its quite scary, as scary as resident evil 4 I still play at ti...Full Review", "it's a good game quiet interesting. however. the name doesn't reflect much on the Game. cos they use popping images to try and scare u. and for a game that you will have to pay for to play it all. finishing it in less than a day is a very big downside", "Nice atmosphere. Interesting puzzles. Story is ok. The sound effects/jump scare stingers are awful though; not scary but annoying. The music in general was obnoxious. A couple unsettling part though.", "had to buy it!! the game was luring me in with each new room.. i needed to know more! so i brought the game which isnt something i usually do.. love the music build up and the small mini clips it shows. cant fault the game 5*", "Initially, I just uninstalled the game after watching the trailer. It was that scary for me. Then I went through the youtube Walk through video and it really seemed interesting to me. I again downloaded the game and it is so exciting!! Graphics are excellent, puzzles are superb. Overall great game. ...Full Review", "Puzzles are pretty uninspired and clunky. It relies heavily on throwing up a huge number of doors and boxes that need keys or other obvious items but only one path to be followed, and you go through the steps and the key just gets handed to you. A bit quantity over quality. BUT eventually I got draw...Full Review", "the game is fun but glitchy. sometimes the thing I need to interact with is hidden behind my inventory and it wouldn't let me collapse my inventory to see it. had to use hints for those. couldn't finish the bonus chapter. I put in the correct combo for the locker and it still won't let me open it. a...Full Review", "Awesome! I didn't know what to expect but for a very casual gamer (i can't spend tonnes of time playing), this was really satisfying! Easy enough to get good enjoyment from it but hard enough to make you think. Love the spooky story as well!", "Great game. Interesting story. Smooth gameplay with no extended loading when moving from one room to another. Only criticism is the amount of gameplay you get for the price is a fair bit less than other similar priced and type games.", "Absolutly love the game! Its really intresting. Only shame is its not worth the money, you pay nearly \u00a35 for just one chapter. real shame", "I played the free trial and got hooked from the beginning. I paid for the whole game and wasn't disappointed. I'm now downloading part 2. If your into hidden objects game, with a bit of a challenge and a really good storyline this is the game for you.", "brilliant game!!! great graphics and i loved that you had to go back and forth and everything you need isnt all in one spot. intriguing storyline too, cant wait to see more! worth the money for the full version!", "OMG! For as long as I've had a cell phone in my life i never paid for a game till i came across this one! I can't put it down! The graphics are awesome & it scared me a few times & I'm difficult 2 scare. It also challenges ur mind in many different ways.", "Very interesting and engaging. Was enjoying it very much but then it ended and i have to pay to unlock the full version. That's actually not even a problem, i just hate getting so into a game and abruptly stopping..", "You pay 5 bucks to just get another chapter. its NOT worth the money. For a game to be 5 bucks there should be more game playing time. Its ridiculous.", "Play in the Dark, Headphones on, Scare you into Competitiveness! Good evolving storyline, fantastic graphics, interesting, great gameplay,Completely 4got myself in the game so engrossed b4 I knew it I'd played accidentally for 8hrs and it was 7am,luckily it was a Saturday by then,Really keeps u thin...Full Review", "I enjoyed it enough to purchase the full version, which I've only done for two other games, so I definitely recommend it! The only issue I had was that the guide was missing some steps and some parts seemed to be for a different version of the game. I only had to use the guide a couple of times, but...Full Review", "I would have loved this if it worked! \ud83d\ude15 I stafted ta play an it would'nt let me open the door right in the begaining. soi uninstalled it, then reinstalled it , only to have the problom of every time I pressed start the screen went blank! \ud83d\ude15", "I am really enjoying this game. A little spooky and a lot of fun. Puzzles aren't too difficult, just hard enough to slow you down a bit. Interesting story and nice graphics. I look forward to part 2.", "Really good... a bit pricey for such a short game time though! Hoping the next level will be included in the price, for all that paid for it. Wasn't too difficult, but got my brain working.", "This could be a truly fleshed out game on PS4. i keep thinking of it at work and throughout my day, and forget that it's on my phone, not my gaming system. It's really good. I hope 3 comes soon! Oh... for negatives, just some strange interface glitches occasionally, and using the night vision goggle...Full Review", "Very good game. Chilling, yet addicting and fun. Only reason for 4 stars was because when you click on some puzzles to solve, and then your inventory window, the puzzle window goes away. Not terrible, just a bit frustrating when you're wanting to get to the next clue/puzzle.", "Bummer. After installation it doesnt even start. After seeing an image of a gate, it always ends up in a black screen and thats all, nothing happens...", "one of the few escape games out here that are not lame and ugly designed. elaborate graphics, good story line, beautiful details. game is not too difficult but theres a lot to do, even in the free version.the doll hint is really helpful if you need it.", "This game isnt loading. When I've just open this game i see nothing but a pic with a gate, then it went straight to nothing but black screen. I waited for something to come up after but still there's nothing, but the same black screen..", "Loved the story line and graphics. Some objects in the HOPs were a little difficult to identify. I got stuck at one point because I didn't notice a door became available. Challenging.", "This is one of a artpiece!! This game is one of the best I have played in my entire life. Graphics are amaaaazing, music is creepy, riddles and games are great. I love the animated parts with jump scares... I purchased the whole game (and I have only done that 4 times in my game history). It is tota...Full Review", "Blank screen after loading. After playing the purchased game for a while I suddenly cannot load any game play. The loading bar completes but then nothing but black. No controls at all.", "Captivating storyline, good graphics, teleportation map, and lots of creepiness included. Definitely worth trying. 1 star off bc the hint button doesn't always work and the guide leaves out some crucial info.", "ive never enjoy a puzzle game like this. everytime ive something downloaded, ill ended up bored and unistall the game. this game is truly immersive and i didnt regret purchasing the full content, although i hope it would be longer. great game btw.", "there are some flaws and quirks like any hidden object game but i am enjoying this one enough that i purchased the full version. flaws Ive noticed: The animation of the main character is a bit too much like a base 3D model from any animation software without much rendering after that. Occationally t...Full Review", "The story behind this game and the graphics are on point. However, halfway through the game it wants you to pay for the full version and that goes for part 2 as well. I enjoyed playing both parts of this game, unfortunately I would not pay for the full version.", "game itself will keep your hype going..graphics is superb wont argue about that..the only \"hell NO\" with it is that it keeps crashing like you can't pull up the bar below where you store all the stuffs you've found, making those positive said above nonsense at all. i was playing the game just an hou...Full Review", "I found it a bit hard going. it is a shame they don't talk properly. i know you can do it, and it makes such a difference. it was all so grey. the story is good though.", "I really liked the first part of this game (free part). You are able to change from; easy(get hints) to advanced (some hints) to expert (no hints), if you get stuck or you just want to figure things out all by yourself. All different kinds of puzzles. I have played many adventure games on the comput...Full Review", "awsome the first one is free! i hate paying 4.99 after that. best I've seen though. lots of hints and believe me you will need them!", "WOW! fantastic edge of the seat game. Brilliant story. Couldn't tear myself away. Also jumped out of my skin a few times. Went straight and bought number 2, sequel.", "LOVE this game! I don't usually play hidden object games because they're not so fulfilling, but gosh, this one had me jumping, pausing, and NOT playing alone in the dark lol. Amazing!", "this is a really nice game im getting a bit upset beacause the key wint insert in the door on chapter one. I dint know if im doing it wrong but it's getting annoying I'm close yo uninstalling this game", "OMG ok I am a wussy first class and I found this so scarry because I expected the whole time something to jump out and just the moment I relaxed I got at the part it did LOL Fun game fun puzzles and it has a creepy scary atmosphere. Well done I love it !!! controls are good only sometimes they dont ...Full Review", "Really great game. However, for me, its just a free demo. I dont like how we have to buy the next part of the game, instead of maybe buying clues. Shame!", "OH BOY!, OH BOY!, OH BOY!.....if you LOVE a good mystery, click and point, games inside of the game (and I am not talking about the match the color or 3 in a row before you can move to the next screen or stage) I'm talking about puzzles and lil brain teasers..great graffics and hints. A take you the...Full Review", "Addictive. I enjoyed all of the puzzles. Graphics are great too. The only thing I didn't care for was this game was not scary & I figured out the big mystery in the 1st chapter. People think jumpscares are the ultimate scary thing, but they are too predictable. Building atmosphere (Things slowly get...Full Review", "You get 1 star for requesting so many permissions. Why do you need access to my files, photos and media? To spy on me? Why do you need access to my Google drive? I've played many high quality games on here that don't expect access to all your private info. I'm immediately uninstalling no matter if y...Full Review", "If I can give million star for you game I will because this game fun and awesome. But the problems is must buy game for full version? you make game getting worse", "Really good game, one of my favorites and I hope they make more. A variety of things to do, puzzles to solve, things to find, and places to go keeps it entertaining. It's not too hard and not too easy, and there are helpful hints if you need them. You can also choose your challenge intensity- easy, ...Full Review", "Good graphics even on my cheap sony phone. Kinda creepy but that's the point. I got a discount on this game and it is worth it even if i had to pay full price. Hours of entertainment for a price of a strabucks? People who complained should be thankful at least this is not any in app purchase that ke...Full Review", "downloaded and finished free game in one evening and I'm hooked. never paid for a game before but I will now. not too hard and still quite challenging. well done, can't wait to see what's coming next...edit: finished in one day, slightly unimpressed with length of game!", "finally a game u can sink your teeth into . It's very rare I will pay for a game but this got a big thumbs up. I will be getting the next one and awaiting a third . well done to u all .", "Wow i mean like it is a hard game butttt it is very inneractive veryyyyy it is sooooo fun try it its amazing literally terrifying tho cause u see a woman with black hair and a white shirt and it has blood on it all legs and hands twisted", "Cool game! Storyline is really intriguing and puzzles are great. Not too difficult but not too easy either. Lots of areas to explore. Absolutely one of the best games I've had the privilege to play.", "Really love the game.. but don't love how much it costs to unlock everything !", "This game is better than I expected it would be. There's a nice, teleporting map, a catchy, creepy, story, & decent hint recharge time. Surprisingly, the demo part of it is actually really long, like an entire chapter, so you'll truly get a feel for the game b4 you have to decide if you want to buy ...Full Review", "BRILLIANT GAME!! Very good gameplay and story. easy to control and helpful hints aswell make this enjoyable. it took me a while to complete but that is not a bad thing. the opposite really as I thoroughly enjoyed this game. 5/5 I love the cut scenes also", "Excellent game! Loved the grimey graphics, atmospheric feel and intriguing storyline. Not really scary at all though, just slightly unnerving. Looking forward to the next chapter.......", "Good game, addictive! This is the first app that I've ever spent money, that says it all really as I have downloded many apps.", "This game is amazing! It has a captivating storyline, and keeps you wondering what's going to happen next! The free part is satisfying, as it doesn't stop you in the middle of the game and leave you hanging, but it definitely makes you want more! As soon as I get the extra money, I'm buying this gam...Full Review", "this game was awesome! kept me interested enough to buy the rest, which i usually don't do. the puzzles are fun and challenging! just about to play the next one. thank you!", "Fantastic game!!! just wish I could buy it. not sure how I do so. can anyone help? every time I click the button to unlock nothing happens. I'm very new to this all. however really want to continue playing this game! it's awesome and addicted already.", "very addictive game.. I have finished all game in one whole day... can't stop playing even famliy become angry on me... love it..", "The game is awesome but I can't finish it. I wish that the rest of the game was free because the game is so fun and intruiging but I'm left on a cliff hanger until further notice. Other than this minor issue I have with it, I love the game", "Game is interesting and good graphics. But why pay for it 5\u20ac and only for chapter 1 and then you download second chapter and boom pay 5\u20ac for full version thats what I don't like!!", "I must say. This game impressed me from the very first scene. astounding graphic. Quality video. amazing puzzles ! The best that I have ever tried! And it's creepy. Great Job.", "Great game and love it. But now I am stuck at the loading screen, the screen just become dark and its stop. Truly sad about it", "Awesome!!! I love this game! Just bought Part 2. Worth every cent! Brilliant gameplay, atmosphere, great story ... everything is just perfect. I get bored soo easily and I couldn't stop playing this game! Well done Goblinz!!", "loved the suspense and challenge, I paid $$ for the full version which I finished in 2 days (that is the only thing that I didn't like, that this game is so short.) everything else about the game I really loved. Great game, great suspense, loved the eerie music, it made the game more exciting. pleas...Full Review", "Graphics are a bit outdated. Hard to see some of the clues. overall though, good game.", "i am not one for phone games but i was hooked and ended up buying the add ons and completing the other ones. replaying now to fulfill colletions. can not wait for the rest of the story!!!!", "My only criticisms is that, as an artist, I'd work in the animation because in looking at the making of I feel like your art style on the main character was lost somewhat due to her animation leaving her face static and emotionless when this is a horror game. Also I feel like there should have been ...Full Review", "A nice game!!! The atmosphere is good but some time the tricks are a bit redundant. I will still recommend to my friends.", "This game Rocks! They have bother to make an amazing, engrossing story along with great clues, and HOPS. This is the kind of game that I hope, and seldom get: AWESOME, and no nickle and dime every second!!! Please more games like this, and Thanks for hours of fun, and brain entertainment.", "Loved it so much playing the free version that I just had to buy the next one and I don't buy games very often. Highly recommend you try the free version and see for yourself!", "omg.. I'm freaked out!! This game is amazing and so worth buying the rest of the game!! not your regular escape game for sure lol highly recommended!!", "Great game, only problem is i can no longer progress in the game because there is a object in one of the rooms behind the bar that holds your items and i cant get it to go back down no matter what i do.", "I love Horror Period and this Game puts you in the first Seat as if you are in a Horror Movie. It's suspenseful fun and the puzzles are groovy . This game get's a 10 out of 10 in my Horror Book", "Great Game! Reminds me of Resident Evil, just no control of actual characters actions Against Zombies, and so on", "this game is awesome.... but \"to be continued$ weak... i paid 5 bucks for this game. well worth it. just wish it felt complete", "I am really enjoying True Fear, it reminds me of the PS1 game Silent Hill. True Fear has al the same elements. I love the puzzles and the dark shadows of this game.", "I really like the purchased version of this game. Not worth playing if you don't buy the full version. be warned.", "really good game. slow as heck with cut scenes but theyre important to watch. wish the rest of the game was free. would really like to keep playing :(", "Great fun! \ud83e\udd42 I've never bought a game before, but I did this one. \ud83d\udc80 Even just the free scenes are great.\ud83d\udd77\ufe0f\ud83d\udc79\ud83d\ude31\ud83e\udddf\ud83e\udddf\u200d\u2642\ufe0f Warning: If you try it, you will buy it. \ud83d\udc7b", "i thought after spending $5 bucks there would be way more than 2 scenes. But there's is a bounus scene! more to come \ud83d\udc4f", "I think the developers did a really great job on keeping the free part game longer than those out in the market for such a game category. usually their trial games finish earlier and would ask you to buy their full version once you've experienced some really nice aesthetics.", "Greater than I thought, even i hate jumpscares but the storyline, puzzle difficulty is cool. Never regret to purchase full content. keep up guys.. :)", "I've played a stack of these puzzle games and this one's really good. It's just the right amount of creepy to make it interesting without freaking me out (mind you I played with the lights on and the volume on low). The story line is interesting too. A good depth. All the best clips are at the begin...Full Review", "wish the game was full free\ud83c\udd93 ..not everyone can buy the full game\ud83c\udfae\ud83d\udc95 it was nice but have to uninstall cant buy full game\u274c", "Fun game. You do pay after the first act if you want to continue but is worth it if you liked act 1. Interesting twists so far.", "Very enjoyable and interesting story. Great graphics,especially Holly. Really easy, too, for people like my who just want relaxation and entertainment. The more advanced settings will suit more adept and ambitious players. Really good value too, as lasted ages and I haven't paid the bonus level yet.", "This game enabled me to play without needing a walkthrough. It was no so hard that I could not think through what I needed to do without cheating.", "Game is a demo. Rated it one star because it was not labeled as such. WASTED my time. Be more RESPONSIBLE.", "oh my God I beat this game in 2 days I can't wait to get paid so I can buy the full version I love this game I hope you guys come out with more games like this you guys rock keep up the awesome work badass Graphics by the way awesomeness hell", "loved the game until I bought it but only was able to play one more scene... disappointed", "One of the best horror games I've ever played/saw!Like OMG!This game is extremely scary, In a good way!If you like horror down load now you will love this game because I think it's amazing!!\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude05\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude06\ud83e\udd23\ud83d\ude02AND GRAFICS=AMAZING!!If I could I'd rate this 2000 stars! DOWNLOAD NOW!", "I really enjoyed it. It was hard to follow in the beginning but maybe I will be able to follow more easily now that I think I have the hang of it. Thank you for the fun.", "Great mind game! Not to hard but definitely not easy. Fun, keeps you guessing!", "After 1 chapters u should be buy for more game... I from malaysia..so very expensive..i love this game, enjoy but if u dont have money u dont have nothing..", "Entretenido. Dentro de este tipo de juegos, est\u00e1 muy bien. Me frustra lo limitados que son los movimientos y/o posibilidades, pero suelen ser as\u00ed.", "no b.s, this is an AWESOME game. you might have to pay to continue, but it rlly seems worth it. the free part is amazing. the story is awesome. i applaud\ud83d\udc4f try it", "If you enjoy Act 1, leave it there. I really enjoyed the first act so paid for the full game, or so I thought. as it turns out the sequel is actually the ending of this game. The game itself is great, graphics are amazing. The story really pulls you in. And that's why I'm only giving it one star. Fi...Full Review", "oh hellz yes! FUN AF! And genuinely creepy. I play the horror genre almost exclusively. So far very satisfied.", "I absolutely LOVE this game. The graphics are great, the storyline good and it's scary. The music is also creepy and this game keeps one busy for hours on end. I'd recommend it to those with a love of mystery and horror.", "I play alot of escape games and this one is the best by far. Great story line, not easy but not hard, good times....", "Its story is so cool and maybe claver!! but its gameplay not so good ..its try to create like walking dead type ..so you guys are good but next time try something different .. Good Job\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a", "it delivers everything as advertised. it's a fun addicting horror game, which sometimes give you chills. can't wait for part 3", "paid to play the full game it didn't last long only one level quite annoyed I played nearly 5 pounds for a quick level then you have to pay for the others I think they should do open all of them as soon as you pay that amount I enjoyed playing but disappointed how short it was.", "OKAY... So the graphic of the map was good. Fun puzzle games. Not much of jumpscares. Character movement is expectee from a mobile game and the story is great but... Had to pay to unlock the others? Aww.. Not gonna pay much for a quality like that. Overall, 4 out of 5 stars. Need more...", "purchased the full game....didn't regret it. so many scenes and puzzles...makes yr head dizzy and gets u hooked to the game for hours. waiting for part 3", "The game keeps glitching. I'm stuck at the treehouse and it says I need more weights. When I go to the map, there is only one area that needs action and that is where the weights are! I cant find anymore weights!", "i couldn't put it down. great graphics good plot. definitely not an easy task. play free version you will want to buy full game", "This game, these developers: stunning. I'm so glad I paid for the rest, more than worth it. I am hoping the next games stay near this price, but for the amount of content given they could easily charge double. You are amazing.", "its a great game very entertaining the only reason i gave it 3 stars is because the items menu wont close and you miss stuff you should pick up because you cant see it due to the menu in the way. fix this and ill gladly give it 5 stars.", "Intriguing story. Hidden object puzzle solutions were unclear at times.", "clicking on clues to pick them up were difficult. it's a shame they try and charge you for the rest of the game. part 1 is the only part that's free. so I rate this game 1 star.", "Im upset to have to pay for this game. Plus its not even that long of a game for 4.99$", "I have this game on my PS4 and at the min its only \u00a33.75 in January Sales and thats for a Full Version. So Im very excited to see it on my Android Device but can I link my progress from both games?", "I'm addicted!!! I love it so much! I am a horror fan and to find a game of escape rooms like this are a diamond!!!", "Entertaining horror adventure! Nicely done, not a run of the mill game. Hint system works nicely.", "I enjoyed the game and the puzzles. My only issue is the hidden objects. There wasn't a list of things you needed to find, you had to guess.", "I usually dont like when games make only the 1st chapter free, but the game is very complete, with a lot of extras", "Very well done, the puzzles are doable without being too easy and it is creepy enough I don't play it before bed! worth the $5 I paid for it.", "Really interesting. The puzzle is amazing. Not too easy and not unbreakable. This game create their own feel. Totally awesome.", "looked forward to play this game but it wouldnt play upon start up . cant give it any stars !!!!!!!! really disappointed......... now it wont let me post my comment !!!!!! wonder why !!!!!", "Loving this game so far, not totally sure its worth the price yet, but I am gripped", "Absolutely love this game! I played the free section on casual and was happy to pay the $5.00 to keep going. I plan on re-playing on the other 2 levels also, so this game is well worth $5.00.", "got hooked. ended really soon though... i paid for this game and thought it would last ages... any updates to come?", "one of the best escape/hidden object games I've ever played, and I've played alot!", "Hello I bought the game but I unistalled it by accident right after I bought it and now its only letting me play the free game again any help would be appreciated", "Atmospheric and brilliant, puzzles range from simple to head scratching and the music score is eerily beautiful. Really enjoying this game :)", "Great, graphics are HD clear i bought the full game. i love it because you REALLY have to use your imagination, strategic skills for mystery puzzles. Fun game to play. I give 5 starts.", "I downloaded this game like 3 times and it's wont work it keeps on say this app is unavailable...", "I absolutely loved this i paid for the full version. great story line decent graphics would have like more cutscenes though to divulge more into the storyline.", "usually dont pay for games but this one had me hooked. was a good story line.", "\ud83d\udc51this game is the bet horror game i ever play but i wish u didn't need to pay for the whole game\ud83d\udc51", "love this game. not too easy not too hard. good graphics.", "I'm enjoying this game very much. I love how detailed it is. I'm addicted to it and I bought the full game. Love it! Keep up the good work!", "Granted, i need hints a lot but it kept my mind busy and i couldnt put it down.", "at first i played the free demo then i purchased the rest. i had a great time playing it at night before going to sleep. i loved it all: story, puzzles, occasional video clips.", "excellent game if you like puzzle games you are in for a treat good all round easy controls easy to understand i don't usually buy games but this game is worth the money", "Love it! I'd play it when driving if I could lol so I let the leisure of my husband drive so I can play!! Bought the extended version, gonna get part 2 soon as im done!", "Good game and a little scary  I got hooked very quickly did not want to put it down", "please,why isn't this app allowing me to purchase the full version. please work on the purchase button thanks.", "i really like this game but the problem is that i don't really know what to do with the clock at the end of first location. :(", "Love this game, Im addicted and can't put it down. Definetly worth the $5. Exactly the type of game I been searching for. \ud83d\ude42\ud83d\ude42\ud83d\ude42", "I can't press objects for interactions, not even with the stylus pen. It freezes.", "5 bucks. never again. why is there a part 2?! I do I need to pay another 5 bucks?! ridiculous!", "Never pay for mobile game, this one worth every penny! Love it!", "this game is awesome. totally shut my eyes a couple of times. very addicting", "very well made a lot of work was put into this and its graphics are good also i have no problems out of it and it plays smoothly on my phone...5 stars", "absolutely brilliant! gives a good play before asking for full version to be bought and quite worth paying for. puzzles are great, graphics are amazing and storry is brilliant. love the game!", "I somehow fix my problom by using other app to fix by paying then I choose diffrent option. I think my problom was when I did pay then there are two options thre is no thank you option witch is I pressed and that stop me from in app purchess.\ud83d\ude00", "This game is dope.To whoever created it...you outdid yourself.\ud83d\ude02Awesome way to get players to pay in the ending to lift the suspense.Totally worth it.", "edit! something got fixed. I'm glad i gave the game a second chance. i love the game now. well done to the developers. i will be purchasing part 2 when i get somw money. a much improved game.", "LOVED THIS GAME. CANT WAIT FOR THE NEXT ONE", "great thanks for this game edit i finish the first chapter(1) then second (2) chapter is downloading one's again thanks to this game humble request i am waiting part 3", "simply love it. has a nice creepy feel to it, especially with your headphones on. not too complex and not overly simple", "I find this game so intense. I love it.", "not worth the money... you just get chapters. game is a rip off and not worth it.", "it would be better if you didn't have to pay for the full game", "i refused to continue the game because of that constant door knocking loop.", "Looovveeeddd it! I was upset once I finished. I could play this all day.", "Awesome, I love these kind of games and this was no disappoint! Thank you", "Good storyline, good graphics and very well thought out riddles and puzzles.", "best game I've played in a long time! thinking about buying, but I've seen that theres not much more to the story line."], "Bubble Shooter! Extreme": ["no moon rush any more, extra shots now cost 20 coins. other reviews are saying the same. what happened to moon rush? recent update did nothing at all", "I wish this game had a colorblind mode - very difficult to differentiate blue and purple balls. It's still a fun game, though and has provided many hours of entertainment. In a previous review I complained about not being able to attain a 3-star score on Level 31 due to an update. I was contacted di...Full Review", "stupid game does not make it possible to win without paying. choked full of ads too!!!!!!", "Fun and it relaxes me after a long day--but I like to keep my mind busy! Prefer this one over some of the other Bubble Shooters.", "It's a very easy game. Doesn't take much to dissolve the bubbles. Not a challenging game at all though. The graphics are pretty though.", "its ok but the game screw s you all the time I have worked repeadly to win the prize for playing every day.].But when I get to the end it never gives you your . I'm going to delete the game and find one that doesn't cheat you..", "I am just bored", "Fun way to pass time. Wish you weren't so cheap on giving free coins.", "Excellent !!!! One will not realize how time passes...", "really wobderful challenge", "great fun to pass the time waiting at tge doctors office", "Fun and great to have constant lives", "addictive game just don't wanna put it down.", "great game, unlimited life play, excellent for passing time", "i love the game, keeps me going when im at work", "Fun game, keeps you on your toes", "very exciting game, medium challenge", "brilliant and moorish. great challenges", "much ecieting", "Canny game", "n/a", "great time killer, great graphics.", "great game", "Not good", "keeps me brain active", "i really enjoy this game.", "cool time killer", "I love this game", "interesting, thusfar", "Ok", "mo", "gud", "super", "challenge", "meh", "fun,", "fun!", "fun!", "ok!!!", "fun game", "fun for hours", "cool concept", "i love the game", "great game", "great game", "great fun", "fun game", "fun and addictive", "good game", "addicted", "nice", "cool", "great", "fun", "good", "great", "Good", "fun", "good", "awesome", "good", "fun", "There are ads after each play but, they are short and tolerable. Update: Still entertaining, however, after 500+ levels, the game seems to hold back balls needed to advance. After several tries, then it will start allowing advancement. Skill at the beginning. Luck after 500+. Now I'm over 1200, with...Full Review", "I just started playing. I've played about 5 games so its really a bit early for me to decide how I like it. Update: After a couple weeks of playing I'm looking for a new game. The controls are NOT good & make play frustrating. I like the colors as they are distinctive but it isn't enough to make me ...Full Review", "after the last update they upped the cost of additional 5 shots to 20 coins instead of 15, and the daily bonus for playing daily is no longer coins, the game no longer saved my progress so I'm stuck doing the same level repeatedly. moon rush doesn't save either, and there is no way to access moon ru...Full Review", "Great game, however I am getting annoyed with it always popping up telling me to rate it 5 stars. Therefore I will still rate it 4 stars. fix and I will give 5", "Need to revise levels it's easy to get frustrated different shades of color not so close together when two colors r on the same ball ie blues and purples also bonus games need to be easier to win I made it to 7th level but did not get prize at 5th level make some levels medium not too easy but not s...Full Review", "Awesome fun yet sometimes challenging. Customer service took care of a problem I had immediate! Absolutely no complaints. Try it..you'll love it!!!!", "Only issue with this game is that the rewards for clearing a level are so small that they try to make you purchase more shots.", "Just bad. After a couple of levels you need to pay money to get any further and it just becomes unenjoyable.", "purchased coins 4 days ago haven't received them. can't seem to get help from their customer care center. whatever you do don't purchase coin bundles.", "would give 4 stars but laggy", "great game up to level 150...after that expect to pay a lot of money...very limited shots n never the color of bubbles you need...have to spend really money to buy coins just for 5 extra shots", "Great! The longer you play the harder it gets. Hard to stop playing.", "VERY ADDICTIVE. KEEPS ME UP AT NIGHT \ud83e\udd23\ud83e\udd23\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude09", "ads after every game very very annoying", "awsome game so relaxing n passes time quickly sometimea too quickly haha", "Great Game My 3 year old snd 7 year old grandgirls started me playing\ud83d\ude06", "So addicting! i dwnlded this game for my granddaughter and i cant put it down! i love how the hard ones are so challenging! fun fun fun!!!", "hangs up after a win in some of the ads", "Actually the best one of it's kind.", "gets too difficultbafter level 300", "Getting too expensive", "great game but too pricey", "still rate it 5*", "could do way better win free stuff long u play", "very nice game so far", "Its ok", "Addictive. Good variation of levels.", "fun way to pass time", "only downside is the ads", "I just like it", "i like thos game", "too many ads", "I do play a lot. . entertaining, challenging on occassion", "Just started but so far to be a great game.", "a lot of fun. h ed lp me to relax", "its a fun game", "good game enjoyable", "stratergy game to play keep mind sharp", "Additive", "addicting", "very addictive but in a good way", "nice, fun", "\u2606\u2606\u2606\u2606\u2606!!", "it keeps freezing", "Love this game...", "amazing and difficult and awesome", "thanks so much for this game", "good and very nice to play", "fun game", "nice game", "great game", "very entertaining", "very good!!", "Most awesome game", "I find it a challenging", "love this game.", "i love it", "good", "great", "Love it!", "super fun", "good game", "Good game", "great game", "great game", "Fun game", "love this gamr", "Fun game", "good game", "fun fun game", "it's fun", "great", "challenging", "fun, fun, fun", "Fun", "relaxing", "fun", "love it", "awesome", "Fun", "awesome", "fun fun fun", "better than average bubble game. An option called Moonrush is available once a week...they are tough but give you a chance to improve your skills. Like most bubble games, there comes a point where it's almost impossible to win without spending money. I'm up to game 440 and I'm almost there. The game...Full Review", "They actually put a few levels of gameplay in between this advertisement simulator! (like cmon yall, I know profit is the name of the game but an advertisement after EVERY level? And one at the bottom of EVERY level? Excessive.)", "This game has become awful to play. It's stupid having to hit the same bubble 3 times in order to explode it. Time to uninstall and find a much better game.", "Game itself is OK, nothing extraordinary. However: Insane prices on in-app purchases, ads you can't get rid of for 5-10 seconds, lack of menu for the different bubbles available and how to get them/how they work etc. makes this a 3 star game", "pitiful. After every game was a commercial for home loans...the exact same ad over and over again. Then the game just stopped working. DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME. .......System seems more user friendly now. Glad I gave them a second try.", "Was a 5/5 before most recent update, now a 2/5. Before it was a simple, clean hand with ads that were full screen between games but didn't feel intrusive with a great user friendly UI. Now it feels tacky, difficult to use and much less fun to play. Will be looking for a new game to occupy me while t...Full Review", "the same as all the rest, there's always an impossible level you just cannot do without spending money. time to uninstall", "I have mental health issues and this game calms me down in ways I never imagine. Great game!", "this game is impossible at points without spending coins for bonuses. makes gameplay unenjoyable at times.", "fun game to play. But when you get down to a certain color that you have to have in order to progress you never get that color ball.", "I am very unhappy that after every game I see a woman bound in gagged with the listed options to kill her or undress her. I am actually bothered enough by it to stop playing the game", "My new addiction!!! Haven't been able to put it down! I love Love Love it!!!", "I might have rated the game better if you didn't keep asking like a pestering child.", "just popopopopopoppp till you can't pop any more", "To many ads but fun", "It is a good way to lose yourself for an hour hassle free. Enjoying more now must be growing on me. Thank you for an escape.", "nice, but no ball colours change option", "just another come-along-company charging too high for fees", "ok so far, but just started playing when I was asked for my rating,!", "Just started playing this game; so not sure how much I like it!", "good. easy to play and can be addictive too. fun game.", "\u0645\u062f\u064a\u0631 \u0633\u062c\u0648\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0631\u064a\u0627\u0636 :\u062c\u0627\u0631\u0627\u0644\u0644\u0647 \u0639\u0628\u064a\u0631\u0627\u0644\u0634\u0628\u0644", "very nice, superb graphics, moderately difficult.", "no videos to help. just play a level forever and uninstall boring.", "it's a okie dokie game", "2 tumbs up", "not enough bonuses", "thiis is a great time killer and the grafic is very special.", "this is the best game ever thank you for my download", "An enjoyable game. Good way to pass the time.", "great! addictive. sometimes it cheats me. challenging", "I've always been passionate about thus game", "loving it..addicted but fun", "love this game, very additive, great graphics", "very addictive , can play for hours", "Super game! Love to play it!", "fun to play. but not exceedingly challenging.", "Best game I have ever played.", "awesome game fun to play", "Fun and challenging to play!", "fun game very addictive", "great game", "super.", "Time pass game is the best game", "god", "wow", "decent - well designed", "great game!", "Addictive and fun!", "great for all ages", "enjoyable but addictive", "The best app", "addictive for all ages", "good time pass", "So far enjoyable", "fun game"], "777 Classic Slots \ud83c\udf52 Free Vegas Casino Games": ["alot of fun! not just with playing the slots but getting the pieces from the boxes really adds to it. and I love that they are the basic old style machines.", "Game starts off fun enough. but make any large bets and forget about winning any good bonuses. When you start to win, enjoy because it wont last. NEVER FORGET THEY ONLY WANT YOUR CREDIT CARD NUMBER, THATS THE GAME HERE.", "Totally love this casino. I love that it has cards that you complete for extra tokens and coins and can unlock extra games that you pick. Also you can get free tokens every few hours instead of every day.", "this a new site for me and i love the selection of slots and the graphics. However the perks are consuming a little less of the site having the perc instruction so one could enjoy testing the water with the slots would be nice.", "Nice graphics. To many interuptions during game play", "THE APP DIDN\"T HAVE ANY PROBLEMS SUCH WHAT EVER", "Love this app, good payouts, but along with the slots it has a unique little game that you collect bonuses to complete and keep spinning, New to the game so I hope it doesn't stop and require purchases to progress.", "I am highly addicted to these slots. I seldom run out of credits and when I do it's usually because I think I am a high roller.", "i like all the different slots wish it was easier to get free chips but it is a lot of fun to play all the different slots one of my friends turned me on to it great app ! i mean !", "awesome passes the time . great slot machines They keep adding more machines to keep you from getting bored.", "came back and now i cant put the phone down. cant sleep so this is my entertainment.", "My experience with this app is it is full of fun and exciting things to do all the time. It is great.", "good game, love enjoying playing it, it keeps u busy", "this game is a lot of fun: I've won repeatedly. But what good is winning when there's no money involved????!!!", "don't buy points you lose at a ridiculous rate only to get better offers to buy in!", "we need more quiz for a new year please", "feels just like a real casino game", "even one should play this game", "perfecto juego me gusta mucho", "have not played it yet. Mellie", "Great game. Love the challenges!!!", "play this just before bed", "Fun \ud83c\udf81 to pass the time if you want the \" gaming\" experience. Enjoyable.", "very fun game passe's time away so relaxing.", "the odds of scoring are better than some of th\u00e9 other games.", "Its a fair game.", "great app! the slots are fun and keep you entertained", "so many slots! Find one for your very own!!", "I just like it cuz its easy to play", "need to be able to earn more chips.", "Excellent Slot Machines And Bonuses", "I enjoy playing the game!", "like playing", "Great Games!\" Fun & Fast!\" Good Payouts!\" Great Job Guys!\"", "addictive. great graphics. love it!", "cant stop", "this game is really fun to play!!!", "I just love this game", "great game for good entertainment", "nice game and is fun to play this game", "fun so far!!!", "i enjoying this game \ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude01", "This is a great game", "awesom great payouts", "Great loads of fun", "Great Games Great games", "poor", "funnier", "yez", "Very stimulating\ud83d\ude0b", "like it", "4easy", "me", "texan", "it's fun !!!", "Love it!", "\ud83d\udcaf", "love this app", "great game", "great game", "great game", "great game", "cool game", "very enjoyable", "great slits", "great game", "love this game", "ok fun", "nice game", "really fun", "fantastic game", "fun..", "nice", "cool", "best", "awesome", "good", "Awesome", "love it", "great", "great", "love it", "fun", "great", "love it", "great", "fun", "great", "excellent", "amazing", "fun..fun..fun..", "fun fun", "love it \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "I like the variety", "I love those throw back slots", "ok so far", "its awsome.love the graphics they are off the charts", "goo6", "love it!!!!!", "Awesome", "awesome", "I hate it when it takes all day just to get a win on the one that has only one pay line to win on and you need 3 wins in a row. It took all my coins twice and I still haven't got 3 wins in a row. \ud83d\ude2b\ud83d\ude2b\ud83d\ude2b\ud83d\ude2b\ud83d\ude2b\ud83d\ude2b", "I think the needs to be for sure on some games the minimum bet is more than what you win. I also think there should be welcome gift of at least 500,000.00 people on fixed income and single can't afford to pay for the tokens. I'm", "Good games, really hope that you will try it.", "New larger numeric display helpful", "Love the classics but don't like that i cant bet the way I like. it takes my balance down tooooooooo fast", "Passing time and its fun", "Payouts could be bigger.. The chest could be bigger", "Need more slots to play instead of being limited to 1 or 3.", "I'm playing a game and you stick some kind of ad right in front of it and I can't get rid of it.", "Stop with those pop ups", "This is the 1. If you never played it, well just sit down", "Gets Mr pumping for a dump", "Very time-consuming and I love playing it because of the graphics", "Fun to play but a bummer when you run out of coins", "Like the real thing!!!", "This app sucks", "More like a video game at times", "Everybody should try this game it is great.", "It fun to play. But I never buy chips ok thanks", "Great pay outs too!", "Decent game more than most .", "It can cause a divorce", "Never pays !!!!", "Love the game give more keys to get more games big big..", "Really like this app you should try it out", "LOTS OF FUN\ud83d\ude0d", "It's addicting", "This'll is very interesting game 5o play", "Great game, great graphics, lots ok fun", "Can't win", "GREAT GAMES AND PAYOUTS!!: CHECK IT OUT!!", "My fav\ud83d\ude0d", "It's a great slot game love it", "Something to do...", "I like it", "Like this game", "Lots of winnings", "I like it", "It's a pretty good game", "love it play,have fun", "It's a fun little game", "I love the one before this one.", "It's fantastic fun!", "I love classic slots", "Well worth all the time", "This game is a lot of fun", "I love it great game", "One word. Awesome", "Cool pass time.", "So much fun!!!!", "Great game!", "Awese", "I love this game", "Awesome game", "Not bad", "Great game", "Exciting twists", "Variety of games and the games are fun", "Thanks", "Nocera", "Ok", "Lovevig", "Loeit", "2cool", "pimp", "great love it.", "Nice!!", "\ud83d\udc4d", "Fun games", "Not bad", "Good games", "Great game", "Fabulous Fantastic", "5 star", "It's all good.....", "Love this game", "Good game", "Great game", "Awesome", "Great", "love it", "Awesome", "Love it", "Excellent", "Awesome", "Love it", "Love it", "Love it", "Good", "Relaxing", "Great", "Love it", "Awesome", "Fun", "Fun", "Great", "Awesome", "Fun", "Fun"], "Ra slots - casino slot machines": ["to many ads cant play properly worst ever", "ads when you don't want it!!!!", "ad generator, gfys.", "mo", "lots of fun great pay outs", "very very nice slots", "Amesing", "gr8 game", "awesome game", "awesome", "good", "nice", "Excellent", "Great", "great", "Cool", "Fun game!!! BUT NO SCATTER BOOKS ON BOOKS SLOTS FOR 3 DAYS AND IM STILL TRYING!! RIDICULOUS!!!", "the worst app on the app store way to many adverts zero stars have a go if you dont believe me guys", "Great Casino Great Slots you got to play and have fun and meet new players", "too many interruptions with other app downloads", "way too many comercial interruptions", "you need to make it more real and your ads cover game", "waste of time to many ads", "It wont open after i install it.", "nice game but cant play cus every min theres a ad.!!", "good game need to play more to see just downloaded it but thankx", "Vvvveryyy goodddd", "no man", "ggf", "Awesome!", "good game", "nice game", "great game", "good game", "great game", "nice", "fantastic", "great", "good", "\ud83e\udd14\ud83d\udcad\ud83c\udfad", "not that exciting the spins become boring after playing a veiw days no books cum up it only happened once sinse i started playing this game,", "perfect", "interesting", "brill", "This game is terrible... I hit 4 books on a 5k bet... Got aces... Ended up winning +1m... And then it didn't allow me to collect... It just was blur and couldn't press anything but the ads were still popping up on the bottom... What do the developers have to say about this? I closed the app and open...Full Review", "It takes for ever to level up, and after each small or big win you have 30 second app ad. Problably one of the worst slots game in Google apps.", "it keepsbringing youbto thevsame stage it doesnt give you optios", "Worst slot app I've played.", "Made 2 purchases if I am right and still I have to watch ads. Even tho you clearly stated all ads removed with any purchases,Scam .Winning on the start then you lose all. Ads are non stop", "If i wanted adds I'd watch 7, 9, or 10. Don't bother with this app. You'll get adds every two minutes.", "its a very cool game if there is no ads every 2seconds", "i downloaded the game in the week already and still don't want too open can you sort that out for me", "The TRUTH IS THAT THE FIRST MINISTER OF ENGLAND HAS TO BE A BETTER MEMBER", "Doesnt want to go in deeply disapointed", "Ad after ad after ad. Destroys gameplay. It said it would remove ads after any purchase. It didn't.", "to many damn add pop ups", "I'm having a blast playing Ra slots , it's a lot of fun,but too many ads.", "Bad the advertisements is killing the game", "nive game but please take the ads out makes me not to play any more please please", "too many ads while trying to play", "The game won't show book at all", "worst game ever", "app stopped working", "ads are irritating", "omfg to manyyy adddss wtff?? no star", "its a good game but not enough bonus games.", "ad it's too much", "no bonus games", "too much advertisement", "to many ads", "just started playing so good", "so attempting", "Good Game ! Thank You !", "really like this slots.", "nice game", "Very good fun", "thank u for this game", "very good game", "nice and easy to play", "Nice game like it", "so far so good", "super", "super", "algudz", "yeah", "good and nice", "fun to play", "Nice", "nice", "love it", "cool", "brill", "fun fun fun", "Won't work or open I've down loaded the \"great game\"I'm disappointed. Please give me a full refund or else I'm going to tell the world.", "Good luck with getting the bonus rounds more than 2 times in a game", "To many game ads after every level up", "Very difficult to win free spins", "Just advertisements no winnings", "Keep rolling baby!!!", "fantastic slot,love it so far,let u know later when played for while,!", "You ar fantaski", "This is a fun game to play, it's pretty cool...\ud83d\ude0e", "Very addict", "It's a great slot game", "Ok", "Ok", "very fun game.", "Not to bad", "Chill", "Perfekt", "Very nice", "Good game", "To Top", "Fun", "Enjoyable", "Awesome", "Good", "fun", "This app is poes. There is a poes load of ads. You hardly have any game play time. The ads cover the game and pop up a poes load of times. Its just a poes app. Deleted never to be seen again", "Useless. If you ever win 100 grand it will be deleted. It happened with me twice just today", "Not just a slot game is more than that. I had some problems , but the dev solved them really quick", "Just won $120000 then game crashes and loses connection. Reconnect and have lost those winnings. 2 me time now@##@@+@&", "Too many ads! It is irritating.", "Please notify new technology no virus found in this is the other day", "This game has to much ads, makes the game unplayable", "What's wrong with this game.. It doesn't load", "I hate the ads.", "to many ads i cant play how is wiah", "It does not want to open.keeps on loading and loading", "1 just because lots of ads", "I can't play if I don't data", "Too much fkn ads", "Where is the books in Book of Ra", "Game ceeps on crashing", "To many adds in between", "Waste of time", "Too less coins", "To many advertising", "Have to play with data", "Can't play", "Itsss soo real i love ut", "It gud game and easy to understand", "Not bad need more time", "Shan ali", "I like it", "Thank you", "Alright game", "Great games with lots of winnings.", "Wonderful casino game!", "Love this game ..thanks", "The best game", "Just downloaded and loving it", "Its an awesome game", "Wonderful thanks", "Like it", "Hydhcr", "Goodstuff", "Good player", "Quite cool", "BORING", "Madness", "Perfect", "Great", "Cool", "Perfect", "Cool", "Nice", "Love it", "Excellent", "Good", "\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffb\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffd\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffe\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udfff", "No bonus and no respin", "Enjoy myself. Wish for more winnings.", "Love this game", "Very good", "I love it", "Good", "good", "i changed my mind about game it's not nice it's garbage because I played books of ra game on bet 200 get a bonus,egiptian lady simbol and get one time 4 and once 5 (5 is 30000 coins at that chip) and he just didn't count it. one word GARBAGE!", "this game is horrible it uses all my data compared to other games i didnt even want to rate it 1 star i wanted to rate it 0 stars but i couldnt do that other wise couldnt submit and i need other people to know how bad this game is", "Bought 3million credits, played without a single feature or big win. Features are far too scarce won't waste my time with this game.", "Opened game and literally 20 seconds in I got a 30 second advert.... Ridiculous! Uninstalling", "Game is not opening since 1 week... Keeps on loading... Had lots of coins... Seems I have lost it all... \ud83d\ude12\ud83d\ude11\ud83d\ude15", "Tried the rest an came back to the best \ud83d\udc96\ud83d\udc96", "3 books trigger a feature good luck getting them at all deleted game", "Game is good but more bonus plays would be nice.", "Less adds please", "I love to make money online", "Its ok!!!", "It's kewl", "IT'S cool", "Its nice", "I love it", "Stupid", "Cool", "Love it", "Happy about it", "Nice", "Its ok", "Worst slot game ever"], "\u0628\u0648\u0643\u0631 \u062a\u0643\u0633\u0627\u0633 \u0628\u0648\u064a\u0627\u200e": ["\u0648\u0644\u0627 \u0646\u062c\u0645\u0629 \u0628\u0633\u062a\u0627\u0647\u0644\u0648 \u0634\u0631\u0643\u0629 \u0646\u0635\u0627\u0628\u0629", "Excellent thanks", "\u0641\u064a\u064a", "Always missing updates", "Its ok", "Best game ever", "Awesome \ud83d\udc4d", "good", "\u0644\u0648 \u0633\u0645\u062d\u062a\u0645 \u0644\u0644\u0642\u0627\u0626\u0645\u064a\u0646 \u0639\u0644\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u0627\u0645\u0628\u0627\u0631\u062d \u0627\u0646\u0627 \u062e\u0633\u0631\u062a 91 \u0645\u0644\u064a\u0648\u0646 \u0628\u0633\u0628\u0628 \u0627\u0644\u062e\u0637\u0623 \u0627\u0644\u0641\u0646\u064a  \u0628\u0639\u062f \u0645\u0627\u0631\u0645\u064a\u062a \u0643\u062a\u0628\u0644\u064a \u062e\u0637\u0623 \u0628\u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u062f\u062e\u0644\u062a \u0628\u0633\u0631\u0639\u0647 \u0639\u0644\u0634\u0627\u0646 \u0627\u062f\u062e\u0644 \u0646\u0641\u0633 \u0627\u0644\u0631\u0648\u0645 \u0645\u062f\u062e\u0644\u0634 \u0627\u0644id 5633057  \u0643\u0645\u0627\u0646 \u0641\u0636\u0644\u062a \u0642\u0628\u0644\u0647\u0627 \u062a\u0643\u062b\u0631 \u0645\u0646 4 \u0633\u0627\u0639\u0627\u062a \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0628 \u0639\u0644\u064a\u0627 \u0627\u062f\u062e\u0644 \u0627\u0634\u0648\u0641 \u0633\u0648\u0628\u0631 \u064a\u0646\u0627\u0635\u064a\u0628 \u0645\u0644\u0627\u0642\u064a\u0634 \u062d\u0627\u062c\u0647 \u0627\u0630\u0627 \u0643\u0646\u062a\u0645 \u0645\u0634 \u0639\u0627\u0648\u0632\u064a\u0646 \u062a\u0631\u062c\u0639\u0648\u0627 \u062d\u0642\u064a \u0648\u0638\u0627 \u0645\u0634 \u0627\u0648\u0644 \u0645\u0631\u0629 \u062a\u062a\u062c\u0627\u0647\u0644\u0648\u0627 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0627\u0639\u064a\u0628\u064a\u0646  \u0645\u0646 \u0641\u0636\u0644...Full Review", "\u062e\u0633\u0631\u0627\u062a \u0665\u0666\u0668\u0645\u0644\u064a\u0648\u0646 \u0628\u0633\u0628 \u062e\u0637\u0627\u0621 \u062a\u0643\u0646\u0643\u064a", "Best Game", "\u062c\u064a\u062f \u062c\u062f\u0627", "\u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u0627\u0643\u062b\u0631 \u0645\u0646 \u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639\u0647 \u0648\u0644\u0643\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u062e\u0632\u064a\u0646\u0647 \u063a\u064a\u0631 \u0645\u0648\u062c\u0648\u062f\u0629 \u0641\u064a \u0627\u0644\u062a\u062d\u062f\u064a\u062b \u0627\u0644\u062c\u062f\u064a\u062f \u0627\u062b\u0646\u0627\u0621 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628", "\u0627\u0634\u0643\u0631\u0643\u0645 \u0643\u062b\u064a\u0631\u0627", "I hate the this new update", "Its very good game", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u062c\u0645\u064a\u0644\u0647", "I Laked", "good", "\u0644\u0645\u0627 \u0627\u062f\u062e\u0644 \u0628\u0627\u064a\u0645\u064a\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u0641\u064a\u0633 \u0627\u0648 \u062a\u0633\u062c\u064a\u0644 \u0645\u062c\u0647\u0648\u0644 \u064a\u0642\u0648\u0644 \u062e\u0637\u0627 \u0641\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0627\u062a\u0635\u0627\u0644 \u0648\u0627\u0644\u0646\u062a \u0634\u063a\u0627\u0644 \u0627\u0645\u0633\u062d \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u0648\u0627\u062d\u0645\u0644\u0647 3\u0645\u0631\u0627\u062a \u0628\u0631\u062f\u0647 \u0646\u0641\u0633 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0634\u0643\u0644\u0629", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u0628\u0646\u062a \u0644\u0630\u064a\u0646\u0647 \u062a\u0627\u0643\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u0648\u0642\u062a \u0648\u062a\u062c\u0628\u0631\u0643 \u0639\u0644\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0633\u062a\u0645\u0631\u0627\u0631 ... \u0635\u062f\u0642 \u0645\u0646 \u0642\u0627\u0644 \u0627\u062f\u0645\u0627\u0646", "I love it it's a   nice poker game", "The best game ever.... When I win of course\ud83d\ude01", "Is that even Arabic ? A child can translate better \ud83e\udd10\ud83d\ude24", "\u0645\u0645\u062a\u0627\u0632 \u062c\u062f\u0627 \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629", "very nice game \ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude09", "I love this game it is awesome and fun", "Gamdaaaaa mooooat", "Thanks", "It's a good game", "Good game", "Good play", "Nice amazing", "\u0631\u0648\u0639\u0629", "\u0627\u062f\u0645\u0627\u0646", "\u0631\u0627\u0621\u0639\u0647", "Gooood", "nice", "\u0643\u0644 \u0645\u0627\u062c\u064a \u0627\u0639\u0645\u0644 \u062a\u0633\u062c\u064a\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u062f\u062e\u0648\u0644 \u0628\u0627\u0645\u064a\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u0641\u064a\u0633 \u0628\u0648\u0643 \u064a\u0642\u0648\u0644 \u0644\u064a \u062a\u0627\u0643\u062f \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u062a\u0635\u0627\u0644 \u0645\u0639 \u0627\u0646 \u0639\u0646\u062f\u064a \u0648\u0627\u064a \u0641\u0627\u064a", "\u0627\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u0645\u0631\u0647 \u062d\u0644\u0648\u0647 \u0628\u0633 \u0641\u0649 \u0645\u0634\u0643\u0644\u0647 \u0643\u0644 \u0645\u0627 \u0627\u0641\u062a\u062d\u0647\u0627 \u064a\u0642\u0648\u0644\u0649 \u062e\u0637\u0627\u0621 \u0641\u0649 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u062a\u0635\u0627\u0644 \u0645\u0639\u0627 \u0627\u0646\u0649 \u0645\u062a\u0623\u0643\u062f \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u062a\u0635\u0627\u0644", "\u0625\u0635\u062f\u0627\u0631 \u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639 \ud83d\udc4d \u064a\u0648\u062c\u062f \u0645\u0634\u0643\u0644\u0629 \u0648\u0627\u062d\u062f\u0629 : \u0644\u0627 \u064a\u0639\u0645\u0644 \u0635\u0648\u062a \u0627\u0644\u062a\u0633\u062c\u064a\u0644. \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0643\u0631\u0648\u0641\u0648\u062a \u064a\u0639\u0645\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u0635\u0648\u062a \u0644\u0627 \u064a\u0639\u0645\u0644 . \u0634\u0643\u0631\u0627 \u0639\u0644\u0649 \u0627\u0644\u0625\u0635\u062f\u0627\u0631 \u0627\u0644\u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639", "\u0627\u0648\u0633\u062e \u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0643\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u064a \u0641\u064a\u0647\u0627 \u0639\u0631\u0635\u0627\u062a \u0648\u0642\u0648\u0627\u062f\u064a\u0646 \u0648\u0644\u0627 \u062d\u062f \u0628\u0634\u0648\u0641 \u0645\u0634\u0627\u0643\u0644 \u0648\u0627\u0644\u0627\u062f\u0645\u0646 \u0627\u062e\u0648 \u0645\u062d\u062a\u0631\u0645\u0629 \u0646\u0627\u064a\u0645", "\u0627\u062a\u0633\u062d\u0628 \u0645\u0646\u0649 317 \u0645\u0644\u064a\u0648\u0646 \u0645\u0646 \u0634\u0647\u0631\u064a\u0646 \u0648\u0646\u0635\u0641 \u0645\u0634 \u0639\u0627\u0631\u0641 \u0623\u0631\u062c\u0639\u0647\u0645 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u0633\u062d\u0628\u062a\u0647\u0645 \u0627\u0631\u062c\u0648 \u0627\u0644\u0631\u062f \u0631\u0642\u0645 \u0627\u0644\u0623\u064a\u062f\u064a 7712827 \u0648\u0631\u0633\u0644\u062a\u0643\u0645 \u0648\u0643\u062a\u0628\u062a \u0628\u0627\u0644\u0645\u0646\u062a\u062f\u064a \u0648\u0644\u0645 \u064a\u062a\u0645 \u0627\u0644\u0631\u062f \u0627\u0631\u062c\u0648 \u0627\u0644\u0631\u062f", "\u0634\u0643\u0631\u0627 \u0644\u0645\u062c\u0647\u0648\u062f\u0643\u0645 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0633\u062a\u0645\u0631 \u0641\u064a \u062a\u0637\u0648\u064a\u0631 \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0645\u0644 \u0628\u0627\u0644\u062a\u0648\u0641\u064a\u0642 \u0648\u0645\u0646 \u0646\u062c\u0627\u062d \u0644\u0646\u062c\u0627\u062d \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "\u0628\u0633 \u0627\u064a\u0647 \u0645\u0634\u0643\u0644\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u062a\u0635\u0627\u0644 \u062f\u0649 \u0643\u0644 \u0634\u0648\u064a\u0647 \u0627\u0645\u0633\u062d \u0648\u0646\u0632\u0644", "\u0627\u0635\u062f\u0627\u0631 \u0627\u0643\u062b\u0631 \u0645\u0646 \u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639 \u0648\u0646\u062a\u0637\u0648\u0631 .. \u0648\u0646\u062a\u0645\u0646\u064a \u0645\u0632\u064a\u062f\u0627 \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0646\u062c\u0627\u062d \u0644\u0643\u0645 \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "\u0628\u0633 \u0641\u064a \u0645\u0634\u0643\u0644\u0629 \u0628\u062a\u0644\u0642\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0647\u062f\u0627\u064a\u0627 \u0645\u0627\u0639\u0645 \u0627\u0642\u062f\u0631 \u0627\u062e\u062f \u0627\u0643\u062a\u0631 \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0631\u0628\u0639 \u062e\u0645\u0633 \u0647\u062f\u0627\u064a\u0627", "\u0646\u0648\u062f \u0646\u0634\u0627\u0637\u0627\u062a \u0627\u0641\u0636\u0644 \u0644\u062a\u0637\u0628\u064a\u0642 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0648\u0628\u0627\u064a\u0644", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639\u0629 \u0648\u0645\u0634\u0648\u0642\u0629 \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0641\u0636\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0627\u0628 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0646\u062f\u0631\u0648\u064a\u062f \u0627\u062a\u0645\u0646\u0649 \u0645\u0632\u064a\u062f \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0646\u062c\u0627\u062d", "\u062c\u0645\u064a\u0644\u0629 \u0648\u064a\u0646\u0642\u0635\u0647\u0627 \u0632\u064a\u0627\u062f\u0629 \u0641\u0631\u0635 \u0627\u0644\u0641\u0648\u0632 \u0628\u062c\u0648\u0627\u0626\u0632 \u0645\u062c\u0627\u0646\u064a\u0629 8854525", "\u0644\u0643\u0646 \u0643\u064a\u0641 \u0627\u0642\u0648\u0645 \u0628\u062a\u063a\u064a\u064a\u0631 \u0627\u0644\u0628\u0637\u0627\u0642\u0627\u062a", "\u0634\u0643\u0631\u0627\u064b \u0644\u0645\u062c\u0647\u0648\u062f\u0643\u0645 \u0627\u0644\u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639 \u0641\u064a \u062a\u0637\u0648\u064a\u0631 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639\u0629 \u0648 \u0645\u0645\u062a\u0639\u0629 \u0648 \u0645\u0633\u0644\u064a\u0629 \u062c\u062f\u0627 \u062c\u062f\u0627 \u0634\u0643\u0631\u0627 \u0644\u0643\u0645", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639\u0629 \u0648 \u062a\u0633\u062a\u062d\u0642 \u062e\u0645\u0633 \u0646\u062c\u0648\u0645", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0623\u0643\u062b\u0631 \u0645\u0646 \u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639\u0629", "\u0627\u0635\u062f\u0627\u0631 \u0627\u0643\u062b\u0631 \u0645\u0646 \u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639 \u0648\u0645\u0645\u062a\u0639 \u0644\u0644\u063a\u0627\u064a\u0647", "\u062a\u0634\u0648\u064a\u0642 \u0648\u0645\u062a\u0639\u0647 \u0648\u0627\u062b\u0627\u0631\u0629", "Very amazing game", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u0627\u0643\u062b\u0631 \u0645\u0646 \u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639\u0629", "I like it so much", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u062c\u0645\u064a\u0644\u0629 \u0648\u0645\u062b\u064a\u0631\u0629", "\u0627\u0645\u0645\u0645\u0645\u0645 \u062d\u0644\u0648\u0629 \u062c\u062f\u0627 \u0628\u062a\u0633\u0644\u064a", "\u0628\u0648\u0643\u0631", "Thx for team", "I love it soooo much", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u0645\u0645\u062a\u0639\u0647", "\u0628\u0648\u0643\u0631 \u062a\u0643\u0633\u0627\u0633 \u0628\u0648\u064a\u0627", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u0645\u0633\u0644\u064a\u0647 \u0648\u062c\u0645\u064a\u0644\u0647", "\u0628\u0648\u0643\u0631 \u062a\u0643\u0633\u0627\u0633 \u0628\u0648\u064a\u0627", "This game is a good game", "Like", "It's a great game", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u062c\u0645\u064a\u0644\u0647", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u062a\u062d\u0641\u0647", "\u062c\u064a\u062f\u0627 \u062c\u062f\u0627", "\u0623\u0635\u0628\u062d\u062a \u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639\u0647", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639\u0647", "\u0645\u0645\u062a\u0627\u0632\u0647", "\u062d\u0628\u064a\u0628\u062a\u0649", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u0631\u0648\u0639\u0647\u0647", "It's very interesting\u062f\u062f..", "Thanks for everything  Thanks", "\u062c\u062f\u0627", "Good game  I like it \ud83d\udc4c\u270c", "Amazing", "Good game", "\u062a\u0643\u0633\u0627\u0633\u0628\u0648\u064a\u0627", "\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "Nice game", "Fantastic", "Fantastic", "Loved it", "interesting", "Awesome", "love it", "Good", "Love it", "\u0646\u0641\u0633 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0634\u0643\u0644\u0647...\u062e\u0637\u0627 \u0641\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0633\u062a\u0644\u0627\u0645 \u0631\u063a\u0645 \u0627\u0646\u064a \u0627\u063a\u064a\u0631 \u0627\u0644\u0634\u0628\u0643\u0647 \u0627\u0643\u062b\u0631 \u0645\u0646 \u0645\u0631\u0629 \u0648 \u062d\u062a\u0649 \u0631\u0642\u0627\u0626\u0642 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0641\u0644\u0627\u0633 \u0648 \u062c\u0627\u0626\u0632\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u062a\u0648\u0632\u064a\u0639 \u0627\u0644\u064a\u0648\u0645\u064a \u0643\u0644\u0629 \u0641\u0634\u0644 \u0641\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0633\u062a\u0644\u0627\u0645", "\u0627\u0644\u0645\u0634\u0643\u0644\u0647 \u0627\u0646 \u0643\u0644 \u064a\u0648\u0645 \u0627\u062c\u064a \u0623\u062e\u0630 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0643\u0627\u0641\u0626\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u064a\u0648\u0645\u064a\u0629 \u0628\u062a\u0642\u0648\u0644\u064a \u062e\u0637\u0623 \u0641\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0634\u0628\u0643\u0629", "\u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u062f\u0649 \u0623\u062d\u0633\u0646 \u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0628\u0627\u0644\u0646\u0633\u0628\u0627\u0644\u0649", "\u062c\u0645\u064a\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u0628\u0631\u0646\u0627\u0645\u062c", "Mhk", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u0637\u064a\u0638 \u062c\u062f\u0627 \u0648 \u062e\u0631\u0647 \u0643\u0645\u0627\u0646 ...\u062a\u0635\u0645\u064a\u0645 \u0632\u0628\u0627\u0644\u0647 \u0648 \u0633\u064a\u0631\u0641\u0631\u0627\u062a \u0627\u0630\u0628\u0644 \u0645\u0641\u064a\u0634 \u0627\u062d\u0633\u0646 \u0645\u0646 zynga poker  \u0641\u064a \u0642\u0645\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0631\u0642\u064a \u0641\u064a \u0627\u0644\u062a\u0639\u0627\u0645\u0644 \u0648 \u0627\u0644\u062c\u0648\u062f\u0647 ...\u0645\u0634 \u0637\u064a\u0638 \u0639\u0631\u0642\u0627\u0646\u0647 \u0632\u064a \u062f\u064a", "\ufedf\ufeee \ufeb3\ufee4\ufea4\ufe98\ufeee\ufe8d \ufe8d\ufee7\ufe8e \ufea3\ufee4\ufee0\ufe96 \ufe8d\ufedf\ufe8e\ufebb\ufeaa\ufe8d\ufead \ufe8d\ufedf\ufea0\ufeaa\ufef3\ufeaa \ufeed\ufec3\ufee0\ufeca \ufeaf\ufed3\ufe96 \ufeed\ufe8d\ufe91\ufef2 \ufe8d\ufedf\ufed8\ufeaa\ufef3\ufee2 \ufeed\ufeb7\ufee0\ufeee\ufee5 \ufe8d\ufead\ufe9f\ufecc\ufeea \ufe91\ufee0\ufef4\ufef4\ufef4\ufef4\ufef4\ufeb0 \u0623\ufea3\ufeaa \ufef3\ufeae\ufea9", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u0641\u0627\u0634\u0644\u0629 \u0641\u0627\u0632 \u0639\u0644\u064a \u0645\u0627\u0639\u0646\u062f\u0647 \u0634\u064a\u0621 \u0627\u0646\u0627 \u0639\u0646\u062f\u064a 555 \u0648\u0647\u0648 \u0639\u0646\u062f\u0647 92 \u0627\u0644\u062d\u064a\u0646 \u0627\u064a\u0634 \u0630\u0627 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u062a\u063a\u0634\u0634", "Bad version. Old version amazing", "\u0627\u062e \u0627\u062e \u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u062a\u062e\u0644\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0648\u0627\u062d\u062f \u064a\u062f\u0645\u0646 \u0639\u0644\u064a\u0647\u0627 \u0627\u062d\u0630\u0631 \u0645\u0646\u0647\u0627..", "\u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639\u0629.\u062c\u062f\u0627", "Good likw", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u062d\u0644\u0648\u0647", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u062c\u0645\u064a\u0644\u0647", "Should be a prises goals but to be like visiting Las Vigas..", "\u0648\u0644\u0643\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u064a \u062a\u0648\u0632\u0639 \u0627\u0644\u0648\u0631\u0642 \u0646\u0635\u0627\u0627\u0627\u0628\u0647 \u0648\u0627\u0644\u0644\u0647 \u062d\u0631\u0627\u0645 \u0639\u0644\u064a\u0643\u0645 . \u0643\u0644 \u064a\u0648\u0645 \u062e\u0633\u0627\u0631\u0647 \u062e\u0633\u0627\u0631\u0647 .", "Srag", "\u0627\u0642\u0648\u0645 \u0628\u0627\u0644\u0634\u0631\u0627\u0621 \u0645\u0646 \u0627\u0644\u0633\u0648\u0642 \u0648\u0644\u0627 \u064a\u0634\u062a\u0631\u064a \u0627\u0631\u062c\u0648 \u0627\u0644\u0627\u0635\u0644\u0627\u062d\u062d\u062d", "\u0645\u0634\u0643\u0644\u0647 \u0627\u0646\u0647 \u064a\u0639\u0637\u064a\u0646\u064a \u0631\u0628\u0639 \u0634\u0627\u0634\u0647 \u0628\u0633 \u0645\u0627 \u064a\u0639\u0637\u064a\u0646\u064a \u0634\u0627\u0634\u0647 \u0643\u0627\u0645\u0644\u0647", "\u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u062f\u064a\u0647 \u0627\u062f\u0645\u0627\u0646 \u062c\u0627\u0645\u062f\u0647 \u0641\u0634\u062e", "Great app", "ID", "\u0646\u0627\u064a\u0633", "Ok", "Good", "\u0643\u0644 \u0645\u0627\u062d\u0645\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u0641\u0649 \u0627\u062e\u0631\u0647\u0627 \u064a\u0639\u0637\u064a\u0646\u0649 error code -505 get help troubleshooting", "\u064a\u0648\u062c\u062f \u0645\u0634\u0643\u0644\u0629 \u0641\u064a \u0627\u0644\u062f\u0631\u062f\u0634\u0629 \u0644\u0627 \u064a\u0645\u0643\u0646 \u0631\u0624\u064a\u0629 \u0627\u0644\u0643\u0644\u0627\u0645", "Amazing", "Cool", "Enjoying", "women expord free", "Need more chips in daily chips its too less to game", "\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u0645\u0645\u062a\u0627\u0632\u0639", "@@@@@", "Good Games", "\u062d\u0644\u0648\u0629 \u0627\u0648\u064a", "\u062d\u0644\u0648\u0629 \u0627\u0648\u064a", "\u2661", "I'm addicted to this game. ...I need help please. ...hahahaha", "\u0627\u0644\u062a\u062d\u062f\u064a\u062b \u0627\u0644\u0627\u062e\u064a\u0631 \u0645\u0627 \u064a\u0633\u0645\u062d \u0644\u064a \u0628\u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628 \u0639\u0644\u064a \u0627\u0644\u062a\u0644\u064a\u0641\u0648\u0646 \u0627\u0628\u062f\u0627 \u0646\u0631\u062c\u0648 \u0627\u0635\u0644\u0627\u062d \u0627\u0644\u062e\u0644\u0644 \u0641\u064a \u0627\u0642\u0631\u0628 \u0648\u0642\u062a", "\u0634\u0643\u0631\u0627 \u0639\u0644\u0649 \u0647\u0630\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647 \u0627\u0644\u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639\u0647 \u0648 \u0627\u0644\u0645\u0633\u0644\u064a\u0647", "\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 \u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647\u0647 ...Full Review", "\u0631\u0627\u0626\u0639\u0647 \u0647\u0627 \u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647", "Love", "\u0645\u0645\u062a\u0627\u0632", "\u0631\u0648\u0648\u0648\u0639\u0647", "bad", "sweet", "", "", "", "Its so laggy I can't play it! and also so freezy and force close, every 10m but it was fun before the lags come so 2 stars but plz fix!", "Must not be written in arabic coz I cnt uderstand it...must Be user friendly...     :(", "\u0628\u0639\u062f \u0644\u0639\u0628 \u0641\u062a\u0631\u0629 \u0645\u0646 5 \u064410 \u062f\u0642\u0627\u064a\u0642 \u062a\u0647\u0646\u062c \u0648\u062f\u0627 \u0645\u0646 \u0633\u0627\u0639\u0629 \u0627\u062e\u0631 \u0627\u0635\u062f\u0627\u0631 \u0641\u0642\u0637", "Bad app, looks spam", "Its Very \u00c7oool", "\u0628\u062a\u0647\u0646\u062c \u0645\u0639 \u0643\u0644 \u0632\u0648\u062c \u0645\u062a\u0634\u0627\u0628\u0647", "Just like others", "Sex", "I heat it", "Wow Woow", "Best game", "Nice and criticull", "Oil", "Bz", "Kallu", "\u062a", "\u0646\u0646", "V n", "wow:-)", "Ok good", "Great game", "Very good", "Nice", "Sex", "Hhhh", "Like", "KimOng", "Nice", "***", "Good", "Good", "Nice", ";)", "Good", "Good", "Awesome", "Nadeem", "game for smart pepole.. I like it", "U gonna love it", "I may spend much time play it without i feel boring..", "\u0634\u0643\u0631\u0627 \u0644\u0643\u0644 \u0627\u0644\u064a \u0633\u0627\u0647\u0645\u0648\u0627 \u0641\u064a \u0627\u0644\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0647", "\u0627\u0644\u0627\u0635\u062f\u0627\u0631 \u0627\u0644\u0642\u062f\u064a\u0645 \u0627\u062d\u0633\u0646 100 \u0628\u0627\u0644\u0645\u064a\u0629", "\u0645\u0633\u0644\u064a\u0647", "\u0645\u0634 \u062d\u0644\u0648\u0629", "like", "Good", "\u062c\u0645\u064a\u0644\u0629", "Gooood. The games onlin", "Boring", "\u060cvery good", "Nice game", "Nice"], "Bingo City Live 75+Vegas slots": ["fgs let me win pleaseeeeeeeeee. why do people say they have lost points getting booted. thats happened to me a few times but never lost points. what a load of rubbish. anything to try get free points...lol", "spent thousands of pounds on this game, yet fungrep just wouldnt let me build, i was watching others with millions that had never spent one single penny, really upset me, so i came to a conclusion that fungrep only wanted my money, so enuth is enuth with your favorites fungrep i have now deleted. i ...Full Review", "Fungrep is very unfair it is always same winners now they took away fc so you cant play 100k room . I would not recommend this game to no one", "Wow this is getting so bad, every update is worse and worse, not to mention how rude the big leaders are, never played a game that gets continuously bad , what is wrong with you fungrep ? How are we supposed to have a chance of winning when all we get is a mere 300 chips a spin and 100 chips every 2...Full Review", "As a regular player the new update is shocking... horrible set up, harder to win, rubbish spin not enough points and what happened to the new patterns?? Old ways please, seems every update just gets worse and nothing gets better!once fixed ratings go up!!! get booted constantly i recently won 3.9mil...Full Review", "The game does not work lost millions getting booted.lost prize points booted.cant chat.booted all the time Fungrep you owe me millions stop with new games and sort the bingo.play every day and its the same kicked off losing pts get it sorted please", "Why is the app asking to make and manage phone calls? I don't remember it ever doing so.", "would give this zero stars if possible for not install or play this game same winners and abusive players u buy and still dont win 1 of the worst bingo games ever", "The people who play and the people from Fungrep are bullies towards people who have disabilities,the way people look,and people's race of any color even their own.Also, the company controls who wins...it's the same players...and players who also work for fungrep who also win.", "Used to be fun, cannot win at all. Free spin hardly gives you anything in points. Do love the bonus coins every couple hours.", "just downloaded, big mistake! the app is all looks and zero fun. 0.5 out of 10.", "Game would be great if it didn't boot all \ufeffthe time and not refund your points.Cant even play the app anymore. won't let me in.", "DONT BUY POINTS YOU WILL NEVER WIN\ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21 DONT DOWNLOAD GAME!!! BRING BACK FREECARD!!! YOU DONT GET A CHANCE TO WIN ANYTHING BIG.", "having issues with the games to download on my phone. won't allow me to play games", "cant collect bonus' the specials wont go off my screen", "All of a sudden this game will not let me connect", "Love to game and I like your ap alot", "i love this game it rocks", "terrible game", "slow", "great fun", "cool", "I keep purchase points and it don't make no sense. It would be nice if I can win!!!!! Don't get me wrong I love playing just want to win sometimes. All I want to do is WIN!!! How much more I have to keep purchasing before I start winning? Fungrep you need to do better with the people who are purchas...Full Review", "I want to know if im blocked as i havent won a game in weeks you always put me down to 1 number and nothing and same ppl win over n over not fair", "Very hard to get bingo ive only got 2 so far im logged in to facebook wont get any gifts and i cant logout for some reason", "Not buying cards for a free game.", "Graphics are better. I like the new slot additions. Overall it's a decent game.", "This game sucks \ud83d\udc7fTherefore I'm unistalling", "Fucj this game", "Wouldn't let me play, kept force closing.", "It's my fav game of all I play", "Not enough counts to play a long time first playing it.", "really like this game recommend to all", "It is a fun hame to play", "very sad", "I love it.", "Bright packaging but zero substance. All the games included rarely give any \ntype of win...well unless you are one of the few who have millions or \nbillions. Also, in the bingo games specifically, the same people win \nfrequently. Extremely negative social environment. To anyone that decides \nto down...Full Review", "I like the game a lot but u guys having problems with your download today tyvm jobond", "always stops working and your have to uninstall it then re install it for it to work. and it always stops in the middle of a game and your lose all your points. happened a lot.", "Could give you a better rating if it would let me play", "If you buy points you will not win.", "Love this bingo! But sometimes I try in play, n it doesn't open for me. What going on here?!", "Doesn't load half the time and game closes as your playing", "The game stopped playing", "I love this game. I think it's awesome. It keeps me occupied", "All time favorite bingo game. So much fun", "I really love playing bingo its fun", "Its da best", "bingo City", "Great fun", "Great keno game", "This app is the best", "Amazing", "Fun", "Love it", "Rubbish app only want u 2 buy from them never win", "We buy n u rip us off ... You are a con company and a con game .... I will \nreport you to trading standards for abusing your customers financially.. \nDON'T BUY YOU WILL LOSE AND LOSE AND LOSE AND LOSE ...", "I got to play it once then after that it won't open I have uninstalled and \nreinstalled it it starts to open then right back to my home screen", "WILL NOT LET YOU PLAY. SUCKS\ud83d\udca9\ud83d\udca9\ud83d\udca9\ud83d\udca9\ud83d\udca9\ud83d\udca9", "Great game if you like to be bullied and watch same players win every day. \nAdministrators do nothing to stop people from controlling rooms and \nbullying others. Like being back in high school. Waste of time", "It's a good game if you just want to play and not win. I think the game is \nrigged or something because in each room I've been in its always the same \npeople winning and I am not the only one that notices. People are talking \nabout uninstalling it including myself.", "Always beggars on here and bingo 90 it spoils the game as they beg then \nthey no fair on paying customers stop the begging", "I have to uninstall and reinstall this game every few weeks, if that were \nfixed, I'd give it 5 stars!", "Way better", "This game is addictive. The only thing is i see other users have thete own picture instead of the avatars that you have us pick out. How do we use our own pictures. Also there needs to have more special sales to the buyers", "Haven't been able to open game for months !!!  Absolutely ridiculous that you can't fix the glitch causing the problem! !! Now 90 has been doing the same thing since their last update ..... don't bother with these apps....not worth the effort", "Constant error message never got to play", "Cant Open it. Plz reply", "Very addictive super like", "Its addictive!  Love it", "i love this game", "Great fun", "Love the gm", "I love playing this bingo but now i cant even play it it backs right out of it", "Need more free points", "Great game", "This game has some SERIOUS POTENTIAL! I really enjoy playing it but a few things need to improve b4 i can say i LOVE it.  1. You need to state the rules and price CLEARLY  2. Have the PRICE made a bit clearer. 3. I think if you do this one, this will be the turning point.... Have it so that the bing...Full Review", "It won't let me play unless I give the app permission to make phone calls.", "It doesn't explain what to do. Saying I don't have enough coins and i just started.", "I enjoy this game very much but it doesn't reimburse for coins lost when the game decides to boot you off", "Monique loving her kevin but when is he going to believe me that i dont need to lie to him", "Very boring and doesn't run without being a complete pain", "It didn't let me get a chance to play because it goes off", "Didn't work from the time I downloaded it", "Trouble shooting won't stay loaded", "Can't play all the time because it keeps kicking me out", "Since update. No win and broke.  Smh.  I need points too.", "I love it but would love if you could hit some seams to eat little to much", "It's OK", "I love it", "Awesome", "Love it", "I love this game however i have been unable to get on since update. Just says stopped working. All the pts i have i cant use because I can't get on. Sent reports, emails but NO RESPONSE from fungrep. Google help your customers, get after company to fix the apps that you offer. ACCOUNTABILITY on your...Full Review", "used to be a good game even if it was a bit unfair but now.....totally sh*te winnings are less than bet amount for decent payline.   and I won't get started on the bingo because there are way too many problems regarding this.  only positive I can add is you've added more bingo patterns.  please list...Full Review", "Slots are great, hard to win in bingo rooms and same winners all the time.  No more free spins and daily prize wheel hasn't worked in days. No response from fungrep. Getting very frustrated with this game", "Fix your app. This is ridiculous. Over 2 weeks and still no response and still not working. This app needs to be deleted by google play. I'd give - stars if it would let me. Doesn't even deserve 1 star.", "How come the game won't open all of the sudden, on Christmas Day to! I was very sad I couldn't play!!", "Ever since the last update this morning, i cant even play ... its says bingo live cannot start  smh... FIX THIS ISSUE OR ILL UNINSTALL! !!", "Since the update can't log in. Keeps saying unexpected error. Please fix.  I love this game. I've been playing for 7 years.", "Having problems logging on. I've uninstalled and reinstalled it still can't play.", "The new update is terrible. Where'd all the bingo players go?", "Can't get on. Keeps telling me Bingo 75 has stopped. Tired of it . Will uninstall.", "Theres a glitch saing the app has \"stopped\" please fix", "I can no longer get into this app! What is the problem???", "Do not load this game this is a joke rip you off this game", "This game don't wont to play on or off line can you please fix thank you", "Since this mornings update will app will not load", "I love the game but since update won't load", "You have to uninstall and reinstall everyday just to play", "App. Will.not open.", "Just like game love playing", "5stars", "I love it", "I downloaded this app.. even with loading money you never win big. People sit in the chat and trash talk each other and the free chips are a joke. If you could add a way to earn free chips then it I would give it 5 stars. But I'm not going to keep dumping money in the game to make you rich.", "Be better if you could play the games. Do not get enough money to even play a game of bingo. You run out of your chips way too fast for a beginner you cannot get a feel for the games because you do not get a chance to play them.", "Since the new update we get no manager bonus. Reduced prizes and the cost of buying chips is ridiculous total greed Fungrip you have compleatly ruined this app you have even taken away free card deleted this rubbish", "Always crashes,  rarely could play. Haven't been able to play at all since hitting large jackpot. SENT 4 or 5 \"Report Problem\" after crashing but NEVER GOT ANY KIND OF RESPONSE FROM ANYONE!!!!!!!!!!  DO NOT INSTALL THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!", "VERY, VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH IN-APP PURCHASING!WARNING....DON'T PURCHASE ANYTHING FROM THIS GAME....Please, I've made an in-app purchase, didn't get all that I paid for, and since then, the game crashes on login. It's been 2 days now that I've been trying to login and been sending crash reports each...Full Review", "It won't even load for me. Was so looking forward to a new game. I get a pop up that says bingo 75'has stopped report/ok. I've tried it both ways", "I'm I the only one? Or does when your playing bingo out of the blue the game turns back to portrait mode and gets stuck in the background of your phone happen to anyone else?", "I love bingo 75 it's one of my favorite games.  Just need more coins and more chances for everybody to win.  Sometimes feels like same people win alot.", "After downloading the game i've had nothing but problems with the game crashing and closing down through games. Will be deleting.", "Love this game but can you make more patterns like blackout and the letter I its the top line and bottom line and 4 n's and the indian star its a x and 4 n's thank you for inventing this game much better than rest of bingo games I have play keep up the good work", "Not liking it much at the moment Wish more free money. Daily would be nice Not winning much. Makes me want to delete", "The bingo rooms are a joke and wth do you have to do to get a daily spin. Just saying", "bring back the free card for those who can't win fungrep being very selfish now", "Game is a major bummer! Can't chat! Can't play in rooms!  Overall game sux!!", "Its rigged same ppl win and developers are a joke when u have a problem", "I've been playing  for about a week now. I love this game but I have not had bingo since I started playing. It's always the same people that win over and over.", "Nobody plays this anymore. They've become so greedy. I still enjoy the game when I can play.", "Can't get anything done at home. Addicted to this game. No other can compare.", "Same winners havent won in weeks thinking of deleting and now u cant chat or it freezes and no more free card", "Love the game but wish there were more ways to make free coins so I could play longer. :)", "Haven't had chance 2 play cause not enough 2 play with an it's my 1st time ever on game so wouldn't know !!!", "This game is not kool. It wont let me play any of the bingo games..", "No chips you should give chips every time", "I've played bingo a lot an I play a lot of apps of bingo. I just don't like this one and I hate how ya have to pick numbers then the balls drop. Smh I don't like my balls dropping!", "This will be short, since I haven't played yet", "Why can't I chat in game. Phone freezes every time.", "Not enough,free chips to play 3 games. Can't rate if you cant play", "I love everything about the app. Just don't give enough free coins to newbies like me.", "It's different from the others I have played", "It won't give me cards to play the game", "It said 20,000 for joining with Facebook. So I did but only got 10,000 . Is there a particular reason for for only receiving half of the promise amount ???", "Needs to slow down a bit on calling bingo numbers", "Don't know the status of the time to rechip", "Just started don't know yet", "Great games but run outof free chips quickly", "To much repeat winners for to have so many players", "Love all I have encountered and encourage players to try a strong diversity of them...some times the BEST we overlook!!!???", "It's ok but confusing", "To be clear I've been asked to rate this game never having played it before", "Not bAd had some freezing issue but only a few", "Brill game addicted!", "Just stared so far ?", "It's ok hard to win don't get much for daily chips to play", "I just started this game already they want y to buy this game sucks.", "Great graphics bingo is auto daub overall a very gd. Game bingo and slots a winner every time", "The game is great!! As I'm an avid Bingo player I enjoy the variety that's offered.", "It dosent work right needs some fixing", "Fun but very simple and of course wins seem sparse as well as ability to earn coins.", "Play 1 bingo game then no more coins", "App dosent even work....uninstalling after only 2 min..your game sucks !", "Fffakkkkk this why ur not block all thieves", "it's amazing and u can ask people all around the world for coindls in the chat room", "This game wont even let me sign in or play. Not keeping it!!!!!!!!!!", "You have to have too many chips to play", "Just like real bingo, hard to win", "You should give more coins away or lowering the price of the cards thank you", "Love the game, just wish there was ways to earn more points =)", "Not enough coins to start ith", "Cant get bingo to work", "I like my bingo games", "But not enough. Free points", "Can't seem to win ever", "Great bingo game but I didn't get 10 spins I paid for", "I like bingo so it's o. K", "Please fix chat. Please fix chat", "Can't get enough of this game", "Need more  rooms and chips", "How to get free  coin", "I need more coins", "Not enough free chips", "Need more freebie chips", "Not enough money to start", "Not sure to much bull", "I only play this game no others.. GreatGame..", "I like it play often", "Better than I thought t was gonna be! Enjoying it so far", "So far I like it", "It could more excitin.", "Freezes when I chat", "Very addicting but love it!!!", "Lack of luck!", "I love playing this game", "Just started playing & really enjoyed Bingo so far!", "SO FAR I REALLY LIKE IT    IM NEWBIE", "It all alright", "Need more coins", "First time player"], "Harry Potter: Hogwarts Mystery": ["I absolutely love this game, it's fun and has a lot of variety into the gameplay per se. The only issue I've been having is that always when I finish a quest and I think is saved, and then I log in after a few hours it's like I never actually did anything. I just had finished the animagus event and ...Full Review", "Would give 5 stars IF it didnt cost so much energy to do things and, take so long for energy to replenish! This is a very slow paced game especially if you dont want to spend real money, as it takes days sometimes to complete a task because, you have to spend so much energy AND energy takes forever ...Full Review", "Progressing just keeps getting more tedious through time, if you refuse to pay your monthly sallary to the developers. Huge money grab app. My rating would have been much lower but I love Harry Potter lol.", "The idea is good, and the game is actually pleasant enough. A couple of substantial negatives, though, include a complete lack of *actual* choices, and therefore branching gameplay. The fact that no matter what your house is, your rival is Merula, a Slytherin, who sabatoges you to lose house points....Full Review", "its a great game i am addicted to it lol. if there was anything i could change is the whole energy part. im up to 33 energy im pretty sure and it goes like nothing so you only get to play for 5 minutes toward missions i just think you should get like 80 energy or make the tasks cost less energy. ill...Full Review", "i like this game very much, but i'm only giving it 4 stars because we spend more time on the initial loading screen than playing the game itself. You have to wait the loading screen out even if you minimize the app.", "im just glad we finally have a decent game about Hogwarts, i know it can be better but its a new game, its the best i fot and im happy about this game.. i quit watching netflix when i began this game today because it distracted me too much from it \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02 anyway this game is accurite, it knew my wand t...Full Review", "Seeing as how I have recently gotten into Harry Potter, I was very excited to begin this game. However, once watching a YouTuber play it, realized that there used to be options in the game that aren't there now, particularly character customization choices. I'm not entirely sure if this is just beca...Full Review", "I enjoy the game...when I can actually play it. I have multiple devices and multiple games that require the internet, this is the only game that gives me problems with that. It takes forever to connect and load and then I keep getting booted out because it loses the connection. It took more than hal...Full Review", "I love the game, however I hate the time it takes to build up energy to complete tasks. I agree with so many others about how you never have enough energy, you are rarely able to earn the books needed to get your magical creatures. I do love the graphics and storyline. It would be nice to play for m...Full Review", "I agree with the users that complain of long waits to have energy filled. Also the waits to complete certain tasks. This is not a game you can spend the afternoon playing because of the energy restrictions. I like Harry Potter but this game is very sub par - may not be playing it for very long", "Love this game until the most recent update. I love the RPG style and that the energy reloads every 4 minutes, unlike many others that take much longer. Such a fun game that brings a sense of nostalgia from my preteen years. But, now i am unable to play. Opening the app says the game is not availabl...Full Review", "Decided to give this game another try. The energy and time contraints seem less heinous than before but still not good. Everyone in this school is completely irrational. The teachers except Snape are out of character. The worst is the game's inability to save progress properly. Opening the game ofte...Full Review", "Can you please put all the clothing from the \"special events\" up for \"purchase\" with coins if you missed out due to the time constraints? Please give more time for the special events, allow a higher energy limit, or allow energy to refill faster!", "This game is mostly fantastic but it does get glitchy fairly often. Ok this game is great and it worked fine for year 1,2, and 3 but then my device became incompatible due to low ram and suddenly would crash all the time. so yeah great game but as they update it and you progress in story just beware...Full Review", "it is fun, but takes up too much energy and energy takes too much time to replinish. also annoying that yall dont listen you ask about when we want changes. make it easier to get notebooks. use coins to buy notebooks and animals, especially the magical creatures.", "It's not properly saving progress, I start a task, run out of energy, minimize the app (I never close it unless I finish the task) then come back and find out I didnt \"start the task yet\" or go back in after finishing a task and now I didnt finish it in time? so time and energy gets wasted for nothi...Full Review", "This game is so much fun! You basically get to choose your own story. There's usually something to do or work toward, and it's addictive! However, sometimes as we wait for updates, it gets old and annoying. Some things that I would ultimately like to choose are sometimes not even an option.", "In this day and age there is going to be microtransactions on a free game. This slows down the gameplay a bit. I think this may be healthy, no long binges. Yet many cliffhangers may make this an expensive addiction. On the flipside, this means that the story is involving, the gameplay is simple enou...Full Review", "I wish side quest timers could be put on hold while events appear (like house pride). If i work on house pride, I imagine I'd fail my side quest for the year (like animagus). Ignore complaints about having to wait to play again. That's the point of these games - time management. Play for a few minut...Full Review", "love the game. great fun but the latest update is glitchy. If your energy is full and you choose extra energy (e.g. from feeding the animals) as a reward then it disappears when you go to a lesson to actually use the energy. Additionally help faqs refers only to a family guy game, not the Harry Pott...Full Review", "It's a really cool and fun game. BUT there's a really bad bug in it. It doesnt matter how many times you make progress in one of those timed energy using instances, when you leave the app to wait for your energy to refill and come back to it, your progress is gone, and you dont always get your energ...Full Review", "Everything was fine untill I updated it last day. I've left the game for 6 hours and when I open it's still the same as I left. Energy doesn't fill up, hangout with a friend, feed the creatures, etc the auto time doesn't work. Please fixed this issue thx (:", "I love the idea of the game. But the thing is I clicked the wrong house and cannot change it! THERE IS NO RESET!! That is what they need to change. As well, it says that it is compatible with my old tablet and not my new one. THEY DON'T MAKE MY OLD TABLET ANYMORE! Why?", "I enjoy the game overall, but I have a few complaints. I spent almost all my energy points over the course of 4 days to finish the Celestial Ball, only to have the event time out before I could finish. Also, I don't like having to earn a bunch of stars just to unlock the classes, esentially making m...Full Review", "1 hr and 36 mins to recharge to full energy? Honestly, 1 min. for 1 energy upgrade should be max. Having to wait this long degrades the quality of this game and makes me want to quit. In game items are also overpriced based on the rate of gems that are supplied. I think that more people would stick ...Full Review", "THIS GAME IS BRILLIANT EXCEPT 1 THING.. THAT ENERGY LEVEL MADE ME JUST DELETE IT BC THERE ISNT A WAY TO EARN ENERGY LIKE OTHER THINGS ACCEPT GIVING UP GEMS OR PAYING TO BUY GEMS.. THAT KILLED MY INTREST.", "Super fun! You get to choose your own house, which I personally enjoy. No original three in here, which is good in a way. No battles at Hogwarts lol 20/10 would reccomend", "So repetitive! I think I've done the same exact lesson in every single class at least 8 times! No exaggeration. The time restraints and lack of \"energy\" you get is an obvious money grab! Don't get this game! It's not worth it", "Just uninstalled the game because of the amount of energy needed to do simple tasks and how slow the energy actually replenishes. Played for about 5 min before running out of energy. If you are not willing to pay real money for gems (to fill energy back up) the game will be slow. It's cute but the l...Full Review", "aside from the whole Needing Energy bit, and Energy taking to long to recharge and requiring too much energy to accomplish tasks.... its an amazing RPG game! the story line is outstanding and gameplay is nicely balanced in regards to the balance of difficulty and imersion", "Hours and multiple energy refreshes just to complete one task? This is the worst abuse of the crappy energy system. I need a zero star option for this pos.", "The game is really fun. I recently updated it and it said i can't play it and I have to wait for the game to be available in my region even though I've played the game for over a year. I think this might be some sort of glitch and I hope it'll be fixed very soon.", "I think this is a brilliant game and I like a lot, seeing as though I am a massive Harry Potter fan, but the only problem is, is the energy aspect. I think it's a great idea to have energy but in the earlier parts of the game it runs out fast and I'd like to be able to play this game non stop. So if...Full Review", "I am a huge Harry Potter fan and am delighted with this game. I play it every day. Feedback: When my energy is at 3/30 and I level up and get full energy - its exciting. When my energy is at 27/30 and a I level up and get full energy - its disappointing. Still love the game.", "I love the game and storyline, but I shouldn't have to keep completing the same classes over and over. It's like it doesn't save so when I come back and play later it takes me back to the last part of the last class I completed like I never finished it at all. It's very frustrating, especially when ...Full Review", "Okay I am loving this game now i got it on my phone, but i wish i could exchange my coins for gems or energy or even books, I collect wayyy too many of them, and it's really difficult to collect the other things", "game is fun but run out of energy before actually finish seeing most things. requires you by gems a lot to maintain game play. no real extra ways to earn a full bar of energy to finish a class or goal. over all good graphics fun storyline and character customization.", "I enjoy this game, but it is slow going. You run out of energy too fast and there are time limits on tasks/lessons and you have to start over if you don't get back to it in time. I think it should be set up to where you can play at your own pace. Set up time limits on special events instead. One exa...Full Review", "decent game play, story line would be good if the game was complete, yes this is an unfinished game that preys on HP fans wallets. if you have plenty of time too waste and you care that the last quarter of the game is not made yet then this is the game for you.", "I'm having a glitch with one of the newest updates that one of the lessons has frozen so I cannot complete it. Please advise me as how to reset my app so I can move on. If needed I have a screenshot of the lesson in question I can share.", "I haven't played for long, but its very well made and, so far, a lot of fun. Edit - Game asked for my review just before the pay to play came in. It's a joke how expensive it is.", "cool idea but terrible final product, how a full energy bar can't complete one task is diabolical, if it wasn't harry potter I'd never download it or suggest it to others, money grabbing energy consumption game, poor. many times I've had to restart a lesson after starting it and earning multiple sta...Full Review", "Any Harry Potter fan would love this game! Character lines from the movie franchise are spot on and the graphics immersive you in the Hogwarts world. The choices you make effect your story and what happens.", "Fun but glitchy. Graphics are lovely and the plot is fun. The game is very glitchy, though. Constantly resets quest steps I have already completed and fails to \"count\" some steps. (For instance, a side quest involved feeding a niffler a set number of times. The game only counted about half my attemp...Full Review", "very glitchy at the moment. not been on it for about 12 hours and my energy is at 0 and the timers for feeding the creaters are as if I've only just done it", "I'm not far in it and i am impressed. I'm not much of a Harry Potter fan but this is practically you're own story and i adore having my own story to build on. 5 stars", "Ok so the loading screen has been fixed but my energy is still not being refilled. I have a feeling it's only happening to me but I don't know why. I have to finish an 8 hour quest that requires 5 stars to complete but I can't because of this problem... please fix.", "Ever since the recent update, it's taken away the amount of times you can watch an ad for 3 energy which is a total bummer because they really helped, considering energy goes really fast for one task. Plus items you buy with gems are ridiculously expensive compared to the amount of gems you actually...Full Review", "love the game but im having issues with the game crashing and I'm losing all my energy? like i get the notification that its recharged and then when I open the app it crashes and i lose it all again other than that, 5 stars", "I'm glad they finally made this available on something other than iphone.love it already. update: been playing for a month now. I'm totally addicted", "This game is amazing. I play it alot. It does take take time in between parts of the activites. Bjt its a really fun game aspacilly if you love harry potter!", "The only game I actually want to have on my phone. Im very choosy on what games I play. I have been playing this game for almost a year now and I love it!!", "you should make it where whem your doing a special adventure . like perfect it saves where u are when it finishes and next time it comes around start from where you left off. that way when u strt perreft agaim if u on 3 part 6 that where u start. make available for pc n tabltes", "the game is good but not perfect in every way, like you have to wait about 30 mins to get xp and play again. I just can't wait for the harry potter rpg game on the ps4 what's coming out in 2019", "I have been playing this game religiously, but I'm getting pretty sick of doing classes, and then setting my phone down to come back and half the progress I've done is erased and I have to use those 4 minute energy which I waited for just to redo the progress all over again. I absolutely love this g...Full Review", "It's not a bad game, but come on... The waiting times are horrible.", "I love the game but the quest timer starting over like i was never there is starting to drive me crazy. I have to go back and try to do it all over again. If that gets fixed i would def give it 5\ud83c\udf1f", "theres so many different levels on this you cant get bored. And the story is so interesting you want to know more. Very,very good", "feed the niffler quest is back but i already feed it 3 or 4 times, its restarted and says 0/5 on feed count...", "I love this game!!! My biggest complaint is after using some gifted google playbucks, I am seeing less opportunities to earn free gems and energy. It's like they know I have spent before so I could do it again. Don't penalize the ones who have spent money on the game- they will tell everyone else NO...Full Review", "Its good but really glitchy. I can't do anything in the game without it stopping for a few seconds to a minute. it seems like an interesting game but really glitchy on my phone.", "A very enjoyable game. The only flaw is that the game froze on me once and I lost everything and had to restart the game.", "Game won't progress past the flying tutorial despite having newest update, and the help guide in app is for a Family Guy game. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling, did not work. Useless.", "Good but not great. would be 5 stars but you can log in and due almost a whole mission then you are out of energy. the missions take far too long for how long it takes to gain energy.", "Very addicting and very fun! Had this game for almost a year and it's been great. I just wish there were more side quests and could do more things with the other characters.", "I gave the game 3 stars for now for the most part do to the ease and graphics of the game. However, I would rate it higher if it was not as dependent on energy. After 10 minutes of game play it now is asking for pink gems to gain energy or the option of waiting a real 8 hours till full... This needs...Full Review", "fun and feel I'm really in Hogwarts school in a interesting story anything could happen based on my chooses", "It's fun! It's before Harry potters time so we don't mess up the whole plot to the world and we make the choices to be good or bad.", "simple game but its entertaining enough to enjoy throughout the day when you're bored. It doesn't consume large chunks of time like most apps too", "Cool game, don't get why snape and dumbledore are alive as this ia set after the harry potter thing and also why does snape take points from his own house and i hate waiting three mins to fight some stupid devils snare! Also I dont get why they call snape 'pure evil' because he's not? but it is a co...Full Review", "love the game my only complaint is i can't figure out how to start a new account, there is no log out option. i want to start over but can't because I'm stuck in my character.", "Usually a good game, the wait for energy while annoying is usually fine as you learn to play for 5 minutes, set a time for two hours and return Disappointments include the game telling you in game to update via the play store update that gets released 7 hours later and by which point it's too late, ...Full Review", "Very nice graphics. Quite fun story so far i am only in the third chapter, but i highly recommend it if you are a fan of the harry potter series. Although harry and friends do not appear. It is set before he was at hogwarts but still you get to be a student at hogwarts with dumbledore. Plays like a ...Full Review", "The quality of this product was always middling, but lately there have been a number of progress resetting bugs in updates.", "Hate the timed tasks for books & special outfits etc...Can't finish one without spending real money. Get that you guys need to make money but it's not fair on those of us who have to work, sleep etc that can't log in at the exact time one tasks finishes to start the next to finish on time. Still gut...Full Review", "i always wanted a experice like in the movie, playing the game makes me feel like i finally can T.T", "I have been coin maxed for ages, and I have bought everything possible for coins. Would be very nice if there was anything at all I could spend my coins on, for instance books for buying pets, diamonds, more clothes, or for instance that I could use coins instead of diamonds to skip waiting to drink...Full Review", "I like the game, however it doesn't save the progress and everytime I log back in, I need to do tasks I've already done. For example, now I'm doing the same task for the 3rd time, really annoying.", "The game overall was awesome. Nice touching with the details. Its the best game I've ever played", "we need more ways to develop our attributes for example im in level 22 in all of them but now is really hard to go to 23, and that as cause me to choose options that I wouldn't choose otherwise.maybe add more clothes or something .other than that i have no complains", "I really enjoy playing the game, but the auto-save not working properly is sooo frustrating. Way too often I will end a class, exit the game, only to find a few hours later, it auto-saved JUST before finishing the class, meaning I only get half the house points that I should. This bug can also resul...Full Review", "i enjoy this so much! it can get a little repetitive at some points, but overall im very pleased", "theres a glitch when trying to complete the new side quest. I had fed my niffler at max level 3 times, then logged on today and it was back down to 0.", "Tried entering today to play and start year 5 plus needed to continue house pride, however it seems that there are bugs saying that the game hasn't launched yet in my region!", "I wouldnt mind being able to free roam and explore better thought the game. graphics are great for the game and the story. just could be cool for a free roam game play", "what happened!? this game is starting to bug me... \"Feed the max level niffler 5 times\" - i already did 2 or 3 times, so why does it show me 0/5? fix this guys. please.", "I love the game....but would love it more if you would add the audio clips for all conversations and plz reduce the time required to refill energy...", "Great other than chapter 1 goes great i start chapter 2 and as soon as it zooms in on the dining hall the game crashes so hard it force reboots my whole phone. Has happened everytime i try", "I like the game. However, 4 minutes is too long to wait for 1 energy orb. Especially when everything is timed. Also, when I exit the game and then go back my progress is never the same as when I left. It's always lower. Often causing me to not complete the task. I've tried several things to fix this...Full Review", "Most cool game ever! For a fan of HP this is awesome! Thanks developers", "I love harry potter it was my favorite movie series and i used too pretend to be a wizard if you did that this is the game for you!p.s it the best game ever the graphics are amazing tye control the plot are all Amazing\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01", "would be 5 stars but it crashes everytime I go to change my clothes. also takes away to long to load or respond", "I love the creature experience, but dont like waiting for energy to recharge. This is an engrossing game, particularly if you enjoyed the books.", "This game is actually a lot of fun. Rather addicting, if I'm being honest. I love the Harry Potter franchise and this makes me feel like I'm part of Hogwarts. I highly recommend giving it a try!", "So much been playing for ten minutes and already obsessed", "It's a very interesting game if you arena harry potter fan. I really wish they can change the amount of time to wait to recharge your energy", "randomly deleted all my data", "hmm..not what i expected..was hoping they would allow us to choose if we wanted to be a dark wizard or not", "I was playing in the morning but now it doesn't open! it stopped on the first background since morning! Please fix it!", "Thus far, this has everything I'd hoped. it's very interactive with spells and classes and being IN Hogwarts, seeing my common room and other parts is awesome!", "\"feed the max level niffler\" doesn't work as the feedings made yesterday no longer show", "Was working fine but recent update has popup that says 'limited beta - stay tuned for update in our region'. Then app closes. Will change review once fixed. Playing on LG G5.", "Great graphics, but waiting for energy to renew is a pain. It seems like the creators are trying to force you to spend real cash. I would rather it be ad based to earn the energy", "ok i wish the energy bar was quicker but apart from that i love it", "Love this game. I am on year 5 out of 7. So many things to do in this game, its never boring! As long as youre a HP fan, you will enjoy this!!", "absolutely brilliant game the only complaint i have is that hagrids dialogue aint scottish in anyway shape or form \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02 all in all amazing game massive well done to the devs", "It's a fun game fun and has lots of potential but the connection errors when you navigate out of the game along with the arduous energy replenish time makes me wonder how much longer I'll be playing it", "I do like this game but it's so hard to progress because if I close the app when I'm in the middle of an event, to gain more energy, the event resets, and I've failed so many events because of this. Please fix this!", "would be a good game bit run out of energy way to fast i dont wanna waite all day just to do one misson then waite all day to do it again", "It feels like sims but a wizards sims pretty good i think but its you opinion if you dont like dragging you characters to the place you want or if you don't like sims then this game isnt for you", "I've never been a Harry Potter fan but this game is awesome!", "it is a good game I play it all day and night", "And now i can't stop.. Thanks for bringing my childhood back", "This is the ONLY rpg game that i have ever enjoyed in my life! I would absolutely recommend it to ANYONE that is a harry potter fan. 5 stars!", "was really excited to play but it freezes every time I try to get my wand", "Good game, yes 4 minutes is a long time to wait for 1 energy point in a time limited game but I am enjoying it so far..", "this is quite an amazing game, downloaded originally for my daughter (who loves it), I've found it good fun to join in with this game. definitely worth checking out.", "the game keeps crashing after the new update plese fix it", "Enjoy the game very much. Would like energy to fill quicker than 4 mins per each. Would like to be able to go & finish items that were not completed.", "i love the jam city games and want to try this", "it has a bad story but good graphics", "I'm really enjoying the game and storyline", "Aku suka karena kita bs meranin karakter sesuai keinginan kita, satu aja yg bikin aku sedih karena gabisa ketemu malfoy haha", "can't you just take out the waiting time for energy ?", "Please help! The game crashes immediately I try to enter the great hall in first year. Please do something about this", "i like the game i just dont know how to start over", "it my favourite game I play it everyday but the only down side is that you have to wait an hour till your energy is full", "Several bugs since the last few updates!", "There seems to be a couple glitches in the graphics but pretty good game overall, so far.", "I absolutely LOVED THIS APP", "i had a issue with the game and they fix it in the same day \ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4f", "i love this game!!\ud83d\ude0d\u2764\ud83d\udd25 The graphics are so good and Realistic i dint expect it!\ud83d\ude0d\u2764 PLEASE DOWNLOAD this game if your a Harry Potter geek!Am sure u will love it!!\u2764", "its fun but the energy costs are a bit ridiculous", "Difficult to play without buying gems and money", "Thank you so much for the chance to see Hogwarts from a different angle. Different houses and experiences. This is exactly what I was looking for in a game!!!", "I'm technically addicted to it its aswome", "Runs well, enjoyable, good game all round", "A great addition to the Hogwarts story. And you get to pretend that you are in Hogwarts by choosing your own path to an extent.", "i enjoy the game so far sad i could not get my pet when i first started.", "Enjoying the game but no good I guess if your not into hp", "The graphics are good with the game", "i love harry Potter so I love this and it's cool\ud83d\ude0eand fun to be the main character and to have an enemy \ud83d\ude21 and friends", "i didn't get the celestial ball why?", "reminds me of fanfiction.very fun", "i think this game is amazing many harry potter fans can experience the life at Hogwarts .its a really cool game i like it", "its so cool u should play this game", "I honestly thought that this was going to be boring and hard but it turns out it is actually quite fun", "I like that it is before Harry Potter comes,and that would mean that you would be older then him.", "best game ever if you are a huge harry Potter fan or you are just playing for fun download it you will not regret it", "Please let us learn Argrumenti in charms it spits the spell spits water", "gioco terribilmente noioso, il sistema di ricarica dei punti azione \u00e8 lunghissimo e non permette ( se non a pagamento) di accelerare il processo dopo un paio di minuti di gioco si finisce l'energia e bisogna aspettare circa un ora per una ricarica completa o 4 minuti per 1 solo misero punto azione. ...Full Review", "Until Now no problems, let see until what level I can go in just one log in ;)", "Fantastic game but a problem with the shortage of powers", "Why can't I play while you add more chapters? What's taking so long?", "really nice and it gives the child Hogwarts experience with the professor. thanks so very much for making this game amazing", "A really fun game though it's really repetitive", "love the storyline. cant put this game down! some familiar faces are in this game too other than teachers", "It's pretty good so far. I enjoy how you can make choices and that there's an actual storyline.", "I love this game it's full of adventure and magic I can't stop playing it!", "i keep on laging but overall its a good game and it keeps kicking me out!!!", "the game is really good! it's really fun and enjoyable! I just wish that we had more dialogues and customization to choose!", "I like it despite only playing for 5 minutes every 1 hour and 40 minutes", "Great game with a slightly slow start but gets fantastic further through!", "Awesome game for killing time and leaving the muggle world behind", "I have only just started the game but I am impressed. I love the graphics and story line. this will be fun.", "I am absolutely in love with this game! Would definitely recommend it to anyone who loves Harry Potter\ud83d\ude0a", "so far it's really fun lost track of time playing lol", "Great smooth graphics and making the character take life decisions a very good game indeed", "Brilliant but please improve graphics, stop or give us more energy and please give us more choices, thank you \ud83d\ude00", "This is the closest I've found to a true Harry Potter themed RPG.", "it has a bit if a glitch", "very fun and enjoyable", "This game is quite enjoyable and it is surprising that it is set before the time portrayed in the Harry Potter movies.", "Really fun it has an amazing gameplay and I really feel like a student. 5 stars", "i love u hogwarts", "enjoyable but it does cost a lot of money to get anywhere in any reasonable amount of time", "This game is excessively addictive.", "everything I would want in a Harry Potter game", "I'm a fan of the books and the films now I'm also a fan of the game it's very good so far.", "After a week, the game won't launch anymore giving me an error message.", "love it having a great adventure", "I just started this game but I am hooked", "I like the fact that it gives you quests", "I love this Game.", "I love it except I keep on running out of energy", "can't do anything without buying energy", "more options to get free gems would be nice but I love it regardless", "I absolutely love this game! I feel like an actual Hogwarts student lol \ud83d\ude02", "I love it I actually feel like I'm in hog warts", "don't spend your money. keep it free!", "brilliant, fun, amazing I would not play any other game but this", "THIS GAME IS SO ADDICTING", "This game has an interesting way of leading you around to experience options.", "can't finish year 1 chapter 5 been frozen for a week boring", "l am in Prest at the harry Potter game\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude04", "so far this game is fun always something to do keeps me busy", "This is an amazing game and it gives us a good chance to live in the hp universe", "pretty fun and I'm glad you don't have to buy the game", "fun little diversion. you kind of follow it in spurts as your energy refreshs."], "Eternium": ["Far too easy. The Normal, Heroic and Legendary unlocks don't work and the basic game is far too easy. My HP never drops below 98%! The gem treasure chests are pointless as rhe free gear you get is more than good enough. You one or two shot everything with ZERO chance of dieing. So easy its boring as...Full Review", "Taking more than 10 minutes on the \"Checking for Content Updates\". is this some kind of joke? I played this game before but it was a good one back then. Now it has become a lame joke. shame on its developers. this game doesn't even deserve a half star of rating.", "Really good game overall. I like the option to watch ads instead of forced ads, but they do disrupt gameplay. Wish it was possible to just buy the game for a fully immersive experience.", "Diablo rpg style with some ppl might be old but suit me well since i grew up along with diablo 2 and have spend 100+ hours in diablo 3 so i must say this game worth it, also i like the drawing-executing skill system which is very mobile style in there. Completely f2p game but if you enjoy the game t...Full Review", "I have not received an email verification code. I have emailed customer support twice to help resolve the issue and received no response either time. It would deserve 4 or 5 stars otherwise.", "used to be great now they make you purchase everything all over again since everything changed.", "Brings back memories of diablo, but adapted really well into the mobile", "great game play I enjoy playing this game very much", "good game to kill time", "Good game, unique playstyle, i missed Gauntlet.", "this game is good because this game doesn't use WiFi", "great game. love the offline option", "Fun Game! Try it out.", "Great game!", "not bad!", "a very addictive game", "pretty cool app", "best game ever", "GG", "great game", "Gret game", "good game", "nice", "This game is just OK, not very exciting. However if you are looking for a game that is an easy kickback no pressure game, it is a pretty good pick. Big lack of instructions & tutorials so you don't know fully what to do. One positive, they DON'T push you to Pay to Play. Watch some videos along the w...Full Review", "Just started playing so this review won't be comprehensive of every aspect of the game. So far it's nice, well paced and easy to understand. Armor upgrades and item crafting, salvaging, and buying is exactly like an mmorpg, except this is a single player game. That, plus the straight forward stages ...Full Review", "Good gameplay! i like the fact that you can choose whether or not to watch a small advert without them being forced on you. It does seem to pause a little before starting gameplay again. Graphics are bright and colourful, characters are appealing and well created, you don't have to spend lots of cas...Full Review", "These developers deserve exceptional praise. I have played many games downloaded from Google play, for the most part, to be disappointed by underwhelming apps, which are solely in existence to victimize your wallet. That is not the case with this game. It delivers a creative gameplay concept with an...Full Review", "The fact that you can actually play an android RPG without having to pay to excel is already a huge plus for me. And, it's got good graphics, nice details, acceptable levels of difficulty, great background music, AND can be played offline?? Well done, dev team!", "Totally blown away by the overall quality of this game. Extremely well thought out, amazing graphics, music, sound, and great content. So enjoyable to play, and great detail in the upgrades, items you can craft, good story, fluid easy controls, just all around well done! Keep it coming devs! Updated...Full Review", "Wow. The only downside to this game is the inability to break barrels and boxes \ud83d\ude02 thats the only downside. It delivers on every other aspect of what you would want in a hack n slash/rpg game on your android. You can buy stuff but its not necessary at all, you get gold AND gems from completing tasks...Full Review", "I'm changing this from a 5 star to a 3 star. adding the village was stupid. the old forging system was better. everything was all on your hero's page. now you added the town and made the reason I liked the game because it was simple all fomplica5ed like every other cookie cutter game. You also made ...Full Review", "played the game for a cupple hours after. looked at it nn the store for a cupple monthes. decided to download it . realized it was pretty good. dident feel like it wasted my time. if your into these games its a good time waster and it's free. I wrote a review because it gave me 50 gems to do it", "Fun game. I don't like the daily task that keeps coming up \"Kill 50 Merlok Toads\". There's really only 1 instance that let's you kill enough that you only have to do it twice. I can't wait to see what they add next, the last update that let's you craft and buy blueprints was a nice add.", "overall I like the game. big issue is it's too easy. just beat legendary difficulty and it was cake. I think they just try to get you to buy gems or watch videos the whole time. the freemium model of games has truly killed good games.this would be way better if they weren't trying to get you to buy ...Full Review", "Its a good game with decent grafics. Storyline is nice, gameplay is ok and the learning curve fairly short. The problem is its very easy. It gets boring quick. I guess its still a work in progress and it is evident that the devs have put a lot of work in to it. I will give them another try in a few ...Full Review", "Really fun old school rpg! Played a month already and it helps kill downtime at work. The $3.99/month for 100 gems a day is really nice too! I downloaded it because of the offline feature of the game as I don't have wifi or good enough signal at work to play online games.", "I have been fruitless in my search for an enjoyable free to play classy RPG until I discovered this gem(pardon the pun). Very pretty, great gameplay and I love the old school set up... Always makes me want to play just one more area to get extra loot!. Good job developers.", "Ok, been playing this a few weeks now so changing my review a bit. Good points on this game are the graphics and the actual gameplay during levels. The thing I'm getting really tired with though is sorting out which equipment to give my characters. There are WAY too many varieties for me and as is t...Full Review", "great. mix between baldurs gate and diablo. there are in game purchases but they are not needed but they are worth it. this games worth at least 20 bucks so i plan on spending that much to support game like i do with any other good game that is free", "This game's really pretty nicely done, engaging, fun. The crafting of weapons, enchanting-materials, magic rings, is novel keeps you trying things. Combat is balanced and well-paced (yet encourages you to keep evolving abilities and equipment). Happily the game's not holding me hostage with in-app-p...Full Review", "Horrible. Eternium might be ok, but since your involvement with ironbound seems permanent, then i say nay. How can i trust to buy in this game if you steal from me in another? then the devs wont give a refund and instead say its just bad luck and to go to google to get one. I dont do buisness with t...Full Review", "I was looking for a point and click that reminded me of say dungeon seige.. Rather than one like Lineage where u can auto play the whole freekin game.. I Like this one and the gems are fairly cheap :)", "I have noticed a lot of timing bugs lately. it's bad when they happen in the middle of a timed event. Bugs such as reviving from death with my heal potion on cooldown. if I hit it in time to activate the cooldown why didn't I get healed? also coming back from watching ads dead in the middle of a tri...Full Review", "The graphics are okay, the world building is (charitably) skimpy and the gameplay wafer-thin... Oh, and they offer you in-game currency for a five star review. That said, it's a fun little time-waster, nicely put together and the in-game purchases aren't intrusive. I've had fun with it... Also, they...Full Review", "Well, i just wanted to have a offline game and it turned out that its an offline and a online so i can play as i want. The game is very good i didnt play much but i got to lvl 25. If someone wants to play MMORPG i think this is one of the best one :D.Keep up the good work Making fun, inc!!!", "genuinely a good rpg, very easy and just a fun thing to play from time to time. graphics are charming but i wish it could allow for a option to take advantage of a 18:9 aspect ratio screen (thats the only reason why i didnt give it a 5 star)", "Reasonable learning curve, good amount of variety in loot to stay entertained, and the use of gems is nice! I like that you can choose to watch the ads or not and get rewards for doing so. Wish you could customize companions more.", "i was looking for mobile ARPG and i saw Eternium is Editor Choice so i give it a try and so far so good. pretty basic, leveling , looting, crafting, cleaning dungeon etc and it feels fun enough. too bad no character customization and to be honest i don't really like the music", "I was drawn to this because of the free-to-all mindset of the developers. Unfortunately, the most recent update released events with powerful prizes impossible to obtain in any way other than spending a large wad of $$$. This has pushed Eternium in a very P2W direction. The developers of Eternium li...Full Review", "Seriously the best RPG game ever. Fantastic interface and navigation. Great detailed graphics, fun play, complex enough to STAY interesting. After playing Eternium, I find that this is the only game that actually DESERVES more than 3 stars. I am VERY IMPRESSED and that is very difficult to do.", "i rated ths game 5strs at first but aftr ths few updates the game bcame lousy. the recent event s a proof 2 it and by far the worst event replacing the ragadam flower event.game events r supposd 2 b fun but guess wht 8s not. craftng and farmng bcame a joke since there r ephemeral accessories as rewa...Full Review", "We need autoplay features in the campaign modes. Grinding the easy low level parts of the campaign can be boring. After clearing a region, we should be able to autoclear it with the AI. BTW it's a fun game!", "OG All the Way... Feels like tabletop D&D only better! A little bit of Fate, a dash of Diablo and away you go. DL this on a 'why the heck not' whim and am so very glad I did; and after three days of play, no ads and no need to spend $. Ya really can't beat that. Tally ho! As of Feb. 2019 still on my...Full Review", "would really like to play this game, but been stuck at the sync profile screen for like 2 hrs. seems to have really good feedback even in recent comments. plz help", "I'm not a big fan of these type of games but I am really enjoying the easy place, graphics and gameplay. Not too hard and with other activities that makes it interesting.", "Skeptical at first, but slowly getting deeper and deeper into the game. There is a lot of gem based actions so be warned that the game is designed to steer the impulsive player into spending. Top notch hack and slash game.", "absolutely amazing. the fact that they perfected free to play makes me willing to pay real cash just to support the makers. you did exceptionally well. dont change the game too much it is as classic as Diablo, not 2 but hey it's getting there. only improve more classes? just a thought. I will be sen...Full Review", "Fantastic! Closest thing to Baldur's Gate on your phone. Crafting can be confusing so check out the online forum.", "A pretty good game. A great time waster for casuals, but has a rather good, if short, story. Funny lines and characters, also. Levels are well designed. Trials are challenging. Easy ways to get Gems. Surprisingly deep crafting system, though it is not explained well. I had no idea using gems in the ...Full Review", "point and shoot can get repetitive after a while but it's still fun, first game I ever bought something for real money. support the devs if you want more games of this quality", "Love this game. Addictive and great fun to play Has in app purchase's but you do not need them to play the game, although they can make the game easier. Better than five stars. The game just keeps getting better", "I lost my all my progress (finished game) after changed phone. If this game is connecting to Google Account, why not use it for store player progress? Dissapointed.", "Its cool and I like it. But that one \"special offer\" is bugging me. I dont want to buy it and its all the time on the screen and sometimes I click it and its frustrating. Please do something about it.", "This game requires zero skill. It's just touch once to fight, get stuff, make your avie stronger, rinse, repeat. After 1 or 2 sessions, it's a bore.", "a solid game. i like the new crafting system, it is a good improvement. would be nice if there were more interactive ways to earn gems than just watching videos. i want to earn gems by playing the game not watching adverts for other games.", "1. Can't log into the game after the new update . It stuck at profile loading screen. 2. Must use WiFi to downloading the game patch.. Using mobile Internet cannot play the game.. Fix this problem, then it will be a good game and I will give it 5star.", "Fun, addictive, total treasure! Every game is different depending on what you find!!! Great questing, just like the old games! Never feel pressure to buy, not a buy-to-win game. Just complete entertainment. Awesome!", "While it is nice to have a real game on mobile devices, it still has many elements of mobile games that are undesirable, such as timelocking upgrades, spamming you with purchase options, and pay to win gameplay mechanics. If your game is supposed to be good, why won't you let me experience all of it...Full Review", "New player, so far really fun. Controls are kind of unreliable, though that could just be a device issue.", "full on amalgamation of the best of rpg with so many visible influences. really enjoying playing various strategies and builds like rpgs of old. could really use n'egg in there somewhere!!", "Fun game but watching videos for gems on every map is unfun. Also, once you have gone through 4 acts story line the game looses replay value quick.", "Very good for a mobile game, Diablo-esque gameplay. In-game currency can be earned whilst playing, haven't hit a pay wall yet and using the in game currency is not necessary.", "Really enjoying this game so far. Gameplay anf controls are good, I'm enjoying being offline and you genuinely don't need to pay as the F2P experience is solid. Its like playing Diablo :)", "Best game I've played on my phone. Like everyone else says, made for fun not profit, but you'll love it so much you'll be happy to pay $5 for 100 gems a day, or you can just watch 20 ads everyday, completely up to you.", "Don't know if it's good or not. Created profile now it's stuck on synchronize profile forever now , how long should that take?", "I'm up to level 17, finished first world. No bugs sofar, enjoyable enough and isn't ramming micro transactions down my throat yet. 4 stars from me.", "yesterday i purchased a value pack from the game and I haven't received it. plz fix it cause I want my items or by money back thank u", "nice little game, but so easy on normal difficulty (the only one available initially) that my health never drops from 100%. and with auto-attack that I can't seem to disable, this game basically beats itself and all I need to do is watch. otherwise an enjoyable little romp for a few hours, though be...Full Review", "This game is amazing so far! Exactly what I've been looking for *EDIT* THIS LAST UPDATE WON'T LET ME LOAD PAST SYNCING PROFILE ON MOBILE", "It could be better in a million ways but it's a cool idea executed in a decent way. It can get very boring at times.", "Really enjoying this game. The ads are optional and benefit you to watch them which makes them actually worth watching. No spam and beautiful game play. I expect nothing less from the makers of Torchlight.", "I Am Really Enjoying The Game It Has Good Graphics And Excellent Gameplay It Brings Me Back To Old Classic Games Like World Of Warcraft, Gauntlet & Diablo I Have Tried Many Google App Store Games And None Of Them I Really Liked Till Now This Game Is Awesome So Thank You Eternium Team For Making This...Full Review", "great game freezes every now and again.. would be a good idea to allow players to group up and play with each other and with each additional player make enemies a little harder", "Great game. Updated frequently. Highly repayable. Earning gold has become a new priority for the crafting, which goes quite slow. But the improved crafting system is amazing. Can recommend for sure", "nice game, download untill all level, then no need to connect knternet , play offline. great", "Absolutely the best ARPG (shoot n loot, slay n play, what have you) ever. Thoughtfully created and maintained, this is it.", "its like a simpler Baldurs Gate. Not pay to win, at least at low levels, and there's plenty of ways to get gems. Im still just getting started (lvl 29) so I don't have much to add besides that for now.", "Reduced rating. The new act is long and tedious. The final level was overly long and the constant spawn makes it hard to control minions. Gets a little repetitive with limited skills options.", "this is a fun game. just hope i don't succumb to the temptation of buying stuff with real money too often", "better than diablo immortal! if you want to play casually it can provide tons of hours for different activities. pros: -synced PC port -love the crafting system -99.5% content infinitely repeatable, with no time gates (1 boss is locked per 8hrs) -infintely scaling trials, bosses follow a pattern so ...Full Review", "so far good game kind reminds me of boulders gate and old school diablo. f2p unless ur not one to grind. nice to have game that dont have auto. just wish there was joystick option for moving as tap screen makes it sluggishly hard to dodge.", "Fun to play, entertaining controls, and nifty crafting system. Only downside really is no multiplayer (unless i just missed the option)", "For fans of Diablo and old school RPG, this is a great mobile game. Lots of interesting quests, and P2P is available but not mandatory. Lots of fun.", "been looking for a game like this on a mobile... and here it is. unique spell casting idea. and the optional gem hunting is really not very obnoxious", "I love this game....love the upgrades especially the star gate to go to home base if you need to, and the alchemy blacksmith is awesum.", "One of the best RPG/Dungeon Crawler I have ever played. It's absolutley free and will not force you to watch a single add if you don't want to. Please play and support this wonderful game", "this game is so much better than i ever expected, give it a shot and youll love it, this game def lets u enjoy it just as much if u p2w, im f2p and love it, its quite generous with free gems simply from playing, doing missions achievements etcetc", "love this game but the updates are making it not so fun.... i was higher level i logged back in and im back at level 5 with no gear :( so upsetting", "\"Could not download file check your internet connection\" Internet works fine as hell yet stuck at 9% 1/5", "Decent game. Give a fair amount of rewards for game play. Noticed store and chests do not provide any legndary and hardly any epic. Smithing costs a fortune, wonder if it provides a suitable ROI. Overall its a good solid game.", "I'm enjoying this game so far. When crafting, I wish you could tell which armor your character can wear before you craft it though. If there is a way to tell, it's not very obvious.", "Just started playing, so far I'm really enjoying the game. Designed as a touch game. Works awesome on my tablet. I would recommend and it's free and doesn't hound you to spend money to play.", "Very good game. One of the best Action RPGS I have seen. Good pace and excellent character growth. I would prefer a virtual joy stick for movement. Otherwise a near perfect game. A better guide to crafting would be nice.", "Terrible game. too easy at first then unbeatable the next level. Uninstall.", "dafuq is wrong with this game? I can't download the next level when my internet ping is 76??", "perfect for me. I like the interface and game play. still learning the updated crafting system but getting better.", "Finally been able to download the content, thank you.", "I think it's a way better game than I expected. I've been playing almost exclusivilly rpg games since the 1980's. Keep up the good work. I would like to play on a pc with a gamepad though.", "tbh dont wanna review it 5 stars but they bribe you with gems", "I like it. The only thing I don't like is there is no dpad, it's touch to walk.", "nice game. i like how they done with controls would be nice to get more classes, talents, maybe make online game that you could play together with friends or do some pvp", "Very Good game... the declopers have put a lot of time in it. i'm in the beginning only but so far it has been a good experience. will update again", "Very nice game with no pay-to-win mechanics. Gems can be bought (with real-world money) but can be earned in a number of other ways. The interface is quite intuitive.", "please bring new worlds so that we can Kill Ragadam ourselves.", "Addicting... Should put console even just for the directions. Its confusing to tap the screen.", "great app. old school fun. keeps game interesting.", "In my opinion It's a ok game. As far as I know it is simpler than diablo 3 which is a game that lacks depth. Therefore, more build customizations should be implemented. However, I haven't reached the end game yet so I am hoping that it gets fun once I get there.", "Can't believe a free to play game can be this good. Love it...", "reminds me a lot of diablo2. been playing a few days and already addicted.", "I must say this is ths best game I have come across for a long time. It is not pay to win at all and has loads to do. Thanks!!!", "Worth 5 stars. But beware it will drain your battery", "Good fun game but it is a cash drainer. i wish they would have one price for a balanced game.. forced to rate the game 5 stars to get 50 gems", "awesome game i absolutely live it every phone ive had its always the first download that i do. shot guys finally one worth playing..", "Addicting game and fun. Only complaint is how many gems it requires to unlock extra slots.", "I love the old school feel of this game. Definitely get torchlight vibes.", "its lame that they want this for money. but I want the gems", "hands down one of the coolest RPGs I've ever downloaded and I have paid $10 for Baldur's Gate would pay 20 for this epic game", "Not the best graphics but has a great RPG mechanics. Awesome experince so far!", "Just awesome! It's fast paced and addicting. U could also play it offline,plus it has easy controls and great graphics!", "it's a very good game, not much in the customizable part of characters but the game itself is amazing, i just made my first purchase", "i like the game but game eat my gem i buy some thing but gem is gone but armor is not in my box what is this its 200 gem thats very bad i need back my gem", "good game great old school rpg feel. definitely a good game for killing time without feeling the need to always play", "only played for a few days but thoroughly enjoying it so far and not felt the need at all to spend money.", "I am so surprised that you dont need mp to use abilities. This is a great game", "Just started within hours and asked to write a review. So, so far, fantastic! Will update later on in full. Don't you worry.", "I like this game and great Graphics Game I will Rate This 5 Star and i will request this update act 5 story because i am near to finish act 4 normal mode \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "Really well constructed game. Works online as well as off which is a big bonus and very minimal ads, finally a free good game highly recommend!", "love it flawless gameplay great gear balance mage is alittle op but thats okay no need to spend real money great game", "I wish it had a digital joystick option instead of tapping to get everywhere. But other than that, i like the game so far.", "Great fun for old school RPG fans like myself, a little grindy maybe but all around just really fun to play.", "I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS GAME. BEEN PLAYING 4 ABOUT 4YRS & THAT ALONE SAYS ALOT!", "fun game i can replay missions, 2 genders 3 classes Good inventory There are many stages Great job overall", "I got 50 free gems for giving this 5 stars. Goes to prove you can't trust reviews on the Play Store...", "This game is awesome. So glad I tried it. Constant action, and I love that I do not have to pay for anything. Reminds me of Diablo 3.", "fun game, ive just beat the first levels and am glad its not pay to win.", "it's a free game that doesn't feel like a pay to win. very fun and enjoyable", "The gamemakers deserve the 5stars, very good game. Don't need to spend money, but I did. Hoping for more content.", "Good game. Addicting and will be useful for many idle hours when you need to kill time.", "Need more characters but over all is awesome Need a group of 5 not 4 higher level the game is on a level it is awesome", "I was just browsing for a game and never thought I would find a treasure in the hay stack! I would like to commend the developers for a job well done! kudos!", "it has changed alot and i think you guys made it alot better.", "Update today. Won't go past initializing profile on ios", "Nostalgia feel of old school game style such as Diablo , Path of Exile and Torch Light .", "Classic rpg clicker done right, you can do basically everything for free if you just invest the time.", "its feels nice to be back on this game...and most suprising is the new planet and crafting system two thumbs up dev keep it up", "Great game! Easy to play. Customize your gear and make it better. Good story. Campaign as the character you build along the way.", "Been plating for a couple hours and it's pretty fun. Control are pretty easy. I love the business model for the game. No pay to win. Everything is optional.", "Very very fun game. You end up spending some money, but not much. Controls are simple too.", "love it... absolutely no need to spendreal money.. great game 10+ stars...", "Hood Iys stone cold steve", "So far amazing! The draw system is much smoother than expected and combat feels very balanced.", "It's just like Diablo 1! Even the music in town reminds me of one of the best games ever...", "good game but annoying adds for 5 gems", "I paid \u20ac1,09 but didnt receive my item. My bank account shows I have paid it. Do i need to wait few days for item to arrive?", "Good game, but a little too on rails for me. It has the potential to be the Diablo 2 of mobile games.", "Other than being required to be online to play, I'm loving this game. Linear but still fun. :)", "what is not to like. free and fun", "So far I like it. Reminds me of Diablo. It's a nice break from playing PUBG.", "great game to kill time and not have to spend real chavo on", "odli\u010dna igra.nije kao ostale da nemo\u017ees igrat ako ne ulupa\u0161 gomilu novaca.ugodno iznena\u0111enje", "crafting system is very expensive and there is no way to sell or trade excess crafting materials.", "Good game, but rating begging sux", "It is a very exceptional game is fun id recomend buying something for like a dollar helps you a lot for later on in the game", "to me i love rpg games. this is very very good. kind of let me think of The elder scrolls V - skyrim", "Never successfully entered stage, always fail to download content achieve", "so far not disappointed by the game. smioth controls, and not too many ads to disrupt my gaming...", "Too many gem payment to get loot so seems more pay to win", "so far its a great game, only up to lvl 8 mage but lots of fun.", "fun enough , still a bit early to say anything more but it's worth trying out.", "pretty fun game, a little complicated for me but I enjoy it.", "If you rate it 5 stars, the game rewards you with 50 jewels. Okay, here's your 5 stars!", "by far the best gaming experience in the app store mainly due to the lack of bombarding ads. love!", "it's a fun time killing game kinda reminds me of diablo 10/10", "Best Diablo-like game around. And is slowly becoming better and better. Gamepad support please!", "Only been playing for a couple days so far, but thr game is fun and addictive.", "fun way to kill some time and bad guys", "lost my 3 max level characters switching phones. lost all purchases.", "good game, but the company will give you a bonus if you rate it 5 stars.", "easy controls. good story. nice graphics a truly fun gam thats not a pay to win", "Amazing game! The devs obviously care about the experience of the game over grabbing cash and that's rare.", "Been a blast so far. lots of time killing fun!", "so fun, been looking for an android game like this foor a long time \ud83d\ude00", "Like this app but how do I pin it to my phone desktop?", "This game is sick!", "A good game and you get free things from giving 5 stars", "Best arpg available on mobile so far will update when I have more time with it.", "this game is so dope that if i could, id put it in a pipe, and smoke it", "Fun overall but would have been better if the controls were revamped for better immersion.", "rating 5 for free gems. game is ok so far", "exceptional for a free game, great way to kill time in between flights"], "Sonic Forces": ["UPDATE: I hope more stages based on past Sonic games will get added, for instance a stage based on \"Final Rush\" from Sonic Adventure 2. fun, easy to play, addicting, most of the ads are optional, and when you do choose to watch them you get rewards! my only complaints are 1. WHERE IS INFINITE!? If t...Full Review", "great game. very addictive. it would be nice to be able to spend rings and red coins on abilities or new levels. or to buy new characters. in addition i dislike the fact that they take away a large percentage of my trophies every season. i like the rewards but if i have 5,250 trophies i don't want y...Full Review", "Although this game is pay to win, the model isn't as bad as most other p2w games. You can watch ads to open basic chests and even double rewards. The daily Max on the victory chests is fairly high as well. Overall the gameplay is fun and i don't feel like I'm hindered by their business model.", "Sometimes I play, players start teleporting around the track, I can't tell what and who is who, even if I am at 5000 crowns it's hard and don't know when they are attacking. Please fix this glitch (And my internet is good so it shouldn't be a problem. Even when they are running.", "Fun, fast paced, skill based gameplay. Easy to pick up and play whenever you feel like it rather than forcing you to return every two hours for rewards. Glad to be able to play as some of the secondary Sonic characters like the Babylon Rogues.", "this game is rigged as hell, the trophy distribution system is a joke and the way some characters are overpowered is a complete waste of a game! How do i get first and only get 9 trophies but 2nd place gets 16? yall need some explaining to do if you really want people to enjoy the game fairly", "It's hard to make money in this game and also Special character upgrades cost too much. All you get per battle is 100 coins like that's going to make a difference. And those battle chests take too long to open. Can y'all make it to where you watch ads to open gold chests too?? Please It will make ge...Full Review", "Good game overall but... The ads are to aggressive and invasive. Ads that pause my music player or opening play store when try to pull down my notification tray is not acceptable... I will raise the score the day you make the ads non invasive. I'm about to delete it.!", "Dear SEGA, I noticed that when I play with rivals with ranks higher than me, my speed gets limited, similarly, when I play with rivals with ranks lower than me, I almost always win regardless of my rival's capabilities. please fix this. it's not fun like that.", "Surprisingly fun! Been playing for a few days and it has some IAP but it never feels like it's pay-to-win. Gives me something fun to come back to every couple of hours to complete challenges and climb the ranks. Check it out if you're a Sonic fan.", "Very frustrating game now. It used to be very smooth. But there are lots of issues now: I clearly win races I am being placed third or fourth and keep loosing trophies because of that. Please try and fix this. I have been playing this game over a year now and it seems the performance is getting wors...Full Review", "The game feels kind of rigged sometimes: like if one is behind another player from the beginning, (as in 3 2 1 go) then the chances of them winning is lower. Oh well, at least the devs make balance changes. :) ALERT: I spent 150 red rings on a super rare XL chest and I could never open the chest. :(...Full Review", "They added surveys to boost reward output - an ad is fine, but I strongly dislike the idea of surveys. Also wish you could tailor the ads a bit more, but the fact that they're so off market makes them easier to ignore. Fun game that I otherwise enjoy.", "*Please Ban The Players Who Uses Cheats* Inside Your Game & The Rank System Its Not Really Fair That They Get Away With It Just To Get Top Ranks For Rewards That They Really Don't Deserv For Cheating. Plz fix asap make it really fair for everyone that is playing your games", "my babe Josiah got me into playing the game today and now i really love Sonic! you race against real people and it's super easy to upgrade your characters! i strong give it a 5/5 star rating =)", "The only thing that I have been satisfied with. Thanks so much Sega for the game. The best way for me to play in the game!", "its actually really fun the only thing i have a problem with is the opening chest system. I'm the kind of guy that WILL NEVER spend money for a phone app so I dont like the way the game tryes to get you to buy red rings to open more chests you win in races OR wait 3 hours ... so i got to wait 3 hour...Full Review", "BEST GAME EVER But Theres A Problem...For Some Reason When I Wanna Race It Just Kicks Me Out...please do a new update with bug fixes please \ud83d\ude00", "Great Game!! It brings back memories, I mean who doesn't love Sonic & Friends.", "So this game I would reccomend it but in Shadow The Heghog you can see that Shadow is gliding faster then Sonic's running and there is no Infanit so 2 downfalls", "boooooivcstf you have any questions or concerns please visit the plug-in settings to determine the weekend of try to get the bus has been a while to get a chance to do it for you to do it for the bus has been a while to get a chance to do it for the weekend of the bus has been a while to get a chanc...Full Review", "It's really good but wish it has different music in each stage.", "love the game just dont understand the point system I finished first and the person who came in third has more points than me PLEASE PUT GOLDEN SONIC IN HERE", "but your guys whoever else has play it's so bad look with my first place trophy those other players really suck a lot this game is cool though", "Amazing Game! I love that I deleted this game, and then 2 months later i downloaded it again, It still Had my Progress saved!!!! And its a good game.", "I like the game but after every three rounds it tells me check your internet and no matter what I do it still tells me that. Please fix or might uninstall the game", "very cool sonic racing game with neat features to earn new characters and points to buy different objects to help you race better.", "Super fun and addictive -I would like it if they made it easier to play with low internet since sometimes with all my bars the server keeps telling me to retry. Please fix this cuz I love this game!!!!!", "this game is the best app i ever played keep up the work sega at this rate i will be a sonic fan! also you should add sticks into here from sonic boom", "I haven't play it yet , it keep telling me there's something went wrong and I have to restart it.. and it still the same even tho i keep retry it.. Pls fix it..", "I love the game very addictive, fun to play when you have nothing else to do. Thanks Sega for making it =)", "i love this game it has classic sonic and its just so fun", "i don't know why but when i finish 1 round, and see the ads the aps is always restart by itself", "Right its a cool app but when im in the race it shows up an add and makes me lose pls sort it out when you're in a race dont show up with adds pls", "thanks sega for bringing this great game its like sonic dash in 4 player mode", "Game is great but they should put in a feature to were you can make your own character just like the console version.", "It is amazing game in the world (72536272) my nemder call done by good happy day \ud83c\udfcd from \ud83c\uddfa\ud83c\uddf8 America", "good until you have an op super rare charcter vs weaking and you loss trophies even being first place", "is because why would you even have to to get stuff out of chances to get characters I feel like you should be able to buy the characters but no raise your game and I don't like it", "Overall it's a good game but one problem i have is the reward system you could be last place and still get 31 trophes", "I original rated the game a 1 star because of the loading screen issue. its fixed and the game is pretty great now.", "won't work; keeps telling me I don't have a internet connection when I do", "Game servers are the worst taking ages to open chests or to play the game.", "Sonic has always been among my favorite games. So that's already a plus for me. Lol But this game in itself is fun! I love it. Good work.", "great game but it's very laggy and you should be able to create your OC for it to be more like the actual sonic forces", "needs longer maps and inviting friends to races would be great. if it wasn't for those two reasons I would have rated this a 5", "i cant play against my friends in this game only random ppl", "your game is a special day of running around and racing", "There are no words \"Amazing\" I found a word \ud83c\udfc3", "i hate will its not that bad", "Great game but the notifications for the game only appear when I've already opened the game so I don't know when a chest or mission has appeared", "Game is fin with friend nir laggy sometimes", "great game but with intrusive amount of ads", "I love this game so much and also happy Valentines day", "This game sucks because it's dependent on good internet connection. I wish I could play it offline, racing with the computer instead.", "good very amazing omg but why do you have need to restart and how they do that andddddd bye my friends or not madye my", "Keeps crashing during battles.", "great game ... btw the add of slottist is making trouble, please check this", "Could be better, but it's fun to play when you're bored and have nothing to do.", "super good for free my kid likes it so do I ads are ok to exit out of no glitches so far", "Played only once so far,Update after this current software update. once I am fully emersed and orientated.", "I Like That They Added Babalon Rouges In This Game From Sonic Riders", "I love this game it's totally fun and you play with people who are online and it's just so fun!!!", "\"Buddz242\" ( Sonic profile ) I love this game. I have to play it everyday", "super awesome nice game to play if you prayed it you will win a lot because it's easy that's", "am i the only one that feel this game sucks after the last update...", "it always says internet connection check I HAVE MY INTERNET CONNECTION ON DIMWOOD", "excellent helpful tools to help beat the other runners. Great gameplay, when's the next one coming?", "it's really hard to do sometimes I really am happy I got silver I never lose with silver.", "I love this this app because of how fun it is and global and you can play with anyone all around the world it's really fun", "Sega ... It is NOT funny to make people lose 10 time in a row (Lose 60 trophies) ...", "dear d v has yet to g he v go do he can be b bc b go he", "im still new playing, but coming from Sonic Dash, this feels like a good evolution of the genre.", "This is actual a good game and it functions very well. It has good graphics and it is a racing game for all the fans to enjoy.", "it gives me a lot stress but thats a good thing", "Im addicted to this game\ud83d\ude0d", "I like this game because I keep wining so thats why I like this game", "it has a few flaws but overall its good", "I get to choose and unlock characters and unlock emeralds chests", "I like the game the graphics. I wish there was sonic forces.", "Sega nice job on the game the racing thing I love it", "10000 out of 100000000000000000000009", "Very addictive game, and I like that you start with one dare character. ;)", "Metal sonic I am about to get", "Chauntice Calhoun FINANCIAL services industry", "make classic sonic cost less tickets", "To me I really like this game and I'm also a sonic fan so that why I downloaded this game", "This is even more fun than the regular sonic forces on the Nintendo switch.", "This is amazing there is a race based on the characters.", "So so epic for the sonic fans!!! :D", "this is nothing like the REAL sonic forces", "yeeeeezzzzzz\u00dfsssswwww s?lslslala aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaanhhhhhhhhhhhh", "Nice The Graphics Are So Good And Nice Also The Music Too!", "Adalyn mom dad puppy", "plz add mighty the armadillo", "good gob makeing this game\ud83d\udc4d", "kicks me out", "it's rally fun and I ship snt and sonicsoo this game is perfect for me", "sonic and mario forces mario is here", "obsessed with this game I love it", "Awesome Graphics. Relive memories. Would be good if racing friends are allowed.", "This game is really cool maybe you should introduce super and hyper sonic \ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a", "it might be hard but the graphics is good and good characters to choose from and the races are awesome", "it's fun goooooooooood", "A vary intense fun game to play with others online.", "wish I could play the real one but\u00d7 \u00d7 \u00d7 \u00d7 \u00d7", "G00D GAME !!!", "great fun love the races", "i am a big fan of sonic and i love the mario kart feel to it", "one of the best sonic games other then the classic ones", "Ay Ay Ayyy!", "It's the best mobile Sonic game tbh... This is it chief", "why isn't this in sonic Forces?", "Nikunj kumar mishra", "too much adds", "its a tight game", "Oh my god the best mobile sonic game!", "energetic intelligent and fun \ud83c\udf8e peaceful and requires skilled I.Q AKS32", "I like chaos he is cool", "epic!!!", "it's epic 6yyyyeeeaahhh", "This is so much fun also relaxing and challenging", "great game it is a top of the line great game in deed amazing", "i like this game i give 5 stars so smazing", "#fixthisgame", "Fun and smooth. Great mobile game. Love all the characters.", "you are the best game I ever saw in the game shirt", "This game is great. I would totally recommend the game.", "super fun& addictive best sonic mobile game", "Awesome game with cool characters in the Sonic universe", "The conrtols are brilliant its an awesome game", "this is the best game I have ever plaied", "love this game anyone else want Infinite is this game", "it's fun 2 play. I would recommend it.", "I love it ssssssoooooop much <3", "It's the best one that I played", "The best bit is when it's done!", "Best speed and best game in world", "Cool but the Ads are toooo much", "Nice Game in world I love it", "it is so freaking cool this game is awesome", "It's a good game I love.", "I love the character SHADOW!", "this game is so much fun!", "dope af", "its ight", "the game rocks", "like the game", "uh yy", "it is awsome and great i love it and many great refrinces", "My son absolutely loves this game\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "Cus this game is so cool\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude09 I love it", "thanks ugly", "lags to much", "good graphics and up beat.", "awesome game!!! I love it", "just plain fun!", "its ok not that bad", "The Best Sonic Experience", "This is just sooooooo good", "I REALLY LIKED IT", "i love it sonic is my hero", "great game competitively on the edge", "add Heart amy please", "best sonic app ever", "it was awsome in every single way", "best sonic game ever", "nice and perfect to by pass a time", "it's the best game ever \ud83d\ude01 ever", "fun. lots of ads unfortunately.", "Best Sonic Game Ever!!!!", "this is the best game EVER!!", "\ud83d\udc51\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f\u2764\ufe0f", "huhuuuuuyyy", "Super good. good graphics. good racing. good game.", "It's amazing Sonic", "world's best game", "I love it #LOL", "best game ever.", "best game ever!!!!", "awesome app!", "I love it !", "i love the game!", "best game ever", "So happy and fun", "the best game ever", "its a GREAT GAME", "BEST GAME EVER", "this game is cool and fire", "Me really like", "ultra sonic quality", "best game ever", "Sonic forces is coool", "REALLLLLLY FUN ADDICTING", "I love this game", "good game love it", "l love to race", "good time killer", "its soo fun", "It is very entertaining"], "Sky Dancer Run - Running Game": ["love the game,but way to long to get to next stage or next chapter of the game. I been falling forever with no finish or no U have completed level 1 is complete next level 2 ect. Game is good like the thought frame put in it. kant wait to see wat the next game of it is like.. Sky Dancer 2.Lil someth...Full Review", "Amazing graphics, so relaxing gameplay and obviously accurate controls. Love it :) So for everyone (including the previous me) complaining about the jump and its control sensitivity, well now that I learnt the technique how to coordinate my fingers I feel its just so right and now the game has becom...Full Review", "RIPP OFF - I initially enjoyed the game enough to pay for some of the features. Unfortnately without any reason, I lost all the additional features I paid for. When I reached out to the developer requesting they look into the situation - not a single response. I guess its more important to them to t...Full Review", "I really enjoy the game, great graphics and kills boredom... But playing the same stage, level, or map no matter how many times the layout changes, seams like you're not going anywhere. Changes to the scenery or new levels would make it a 5 star game.", "Beautiful game. It would be perfect if there were a few instructions tucked away somewhere. Instance been getting frustrated cos it was so hard and while I was rooting around in the settings, discovered it was in hard! AND! There's no explanation how to do a grind or hit a sandfall. Apparently I com...Full Review", "Its constantly crashing right after installation. Running on Sony z2 with 3gb ram. It crashes while running, loading and when i minimize and open it, my saved state is gone. How did this app Android excellence? Hoping for immediate resolution.", "Great idea for a game, I love the visuals. However, the in - game controls are mostly unresponsive, thus the game is unplayable in current state. In top of this, it's an ad ridiculed mess. Would recommend it after a few updates, provided topebox listens to their community.", "This game could be better if it wasn't forcing you to spend money to get Ads removed, because they show up for, obtaining daily reward, finishing a run, opening chest you collect, then just random moments on the menu screen, and all of the Ads i have had are 30 seconds. This will drain your data, Wi...Full Review", "I have to watch ads in order to open chests? Not just an idiotic tactic to force players to watch mundane ads, but also annoying as hell. I used to enjoy this game.. Now I am uninstalling.", "its still christmas for the game but the christmas is long gone and make the graphics better its not nice as the pictures i play with high graphics also i cant get to this professional area no matter how far i run a new world and some new parkour moves will be nice too.", "it is repetitive. it is fun. the kind of game you'll most likely play often and get bored or play from time to time and stay in your phone.", "\"Uninstalling\" too many 30sec ads almost everytime you play which is really really annoying after awhile, don't get wrong it's a good game but the sensivity is too low and there is no option to change that!! I hope they will fix it in the next update.", "Beautiful all round,takes practice.awsome graphics and gameplay......run game with this much finesse and class is pricelss... unfortunately I paid to remove ads and still have ads can I have a refund or fix it for no ads please..and couldn't find anywhere to contact you in-game...", "love it. great game. it can be laggy at times, and updates aren't always the best. The game is well maintained though, there is always something new to do or a new goal to achieve.", "everythin is good but im not able to perform perfect grind.. so many times i collect all coins then also it dont show perfect grind", "This game has changed my life this is the most rageful game ever I broke my phone bc I thru it this is my 7th phone in the past 3 month", "Really good game. enjoying the relaxing music at the same time you feel the thrill of falling miles into the empty before you land on another piece of the track", "On all the phones I've owned, I've downloaded this game and tried to play it but when it loads it crashes every single time!! Waste my data \ud83d\ude20", "it's a great game with the coolest graphics I have ever seen, but it is very slow when you put your data on other then that it's cool", "got this game a while ago never paid for anything but after every update I always lose everything I've unlocked as well as all the progress I've made into challenges...", "very very addictive and perfect.It really a good game...Its mind blowing .No Glitches just great..and excellent graphics ..Thanks And more games like relatwd to arcade and soccer", "Controls felt all wonky. Like there was a considerable delay between input and action", "The Graphics is the only Exciting thing about this game. Boring", "Deleted this game on the same day when I downloaded it Worst controls Any 20 mb game is better than this game Don't waste your data and time believe me..", "im starting to love this game. i love the sound music of it; it is calming. i just wish the controls were more accurate. but all in all the interface and game experience is awesome!", "Impressive good control so many games i play they have such bad control i totally enjoy this game", "The game is amazing but it's very hard to finish even the first level that is why 4 stars", "great game, nice concept, good graphics, easy controls. also adds a little more excitement to normal running games. over all fun and very well made.", "Pretty cool game.....just starting but i like it.....only i wish it didn't have quite as many ads....every time you mess up :/", "I had an amazing time playing this amazing game:) Warning though, it is super addictive! Both me and my sis have it and we both can't get enough.", "This game is so good. I am addicted to it.", "nice game ..but Not able to exit from app even home button & back button are disabled. you can improve this", "Fun,but sometimes the controls don't work", "only one problem there are some bugs", "Not bad need more acksion thats all", "I love this game if u thinking to download any game plzz download this game its very challenging game....", "ads after every run sucks", "It keeps on freezing!!! when I tap the start button... It won't let me play...", "Great game. You should try it", "Like trample run or sub way surf but good theme\ud83d\udc4d", "its a good game but need a lot of upgrade o the ads", "worst ,boaring game please don't download it", "It's a nice running game", "Good game. Keep it up bro", "it's very difficult and thrilling effects but update your control panel", "It's a fun game keep it up", "awesome game, just too many ads... but still, thumbs up!", "This game is super hit", "so smooth! just can't stop playing", "This game is so boring", "so addicted.. i cant stop playing", "Nice game. it's not so easy game.", "Nice game to play & very interesting", "Just a very good game ever", "i think you should go back to the old name.", "game is totally waste.Maker of this game is stupid", "Kind of addiction if you like these kind of games", "A great day to get back up to school and work as hard as you can to take care of your life", "This game is like a challanging game with high jumps", "I love this game it is not that bad but the controls are bad", "good game, fear game.", "very great time killer addictive n amazing graphics", "this is one of the best pakour game ever", "Easy control & peaceful while playing & every board gets you hyped up", "I will be there at a time and then I will send you the link to the video of the time I get home.", "It is very fun and addicting and more challenging and challenging", "Bad game no interest", "woooooooow best running experience and different from the others", "Game won't load. Please fix it!", "Very good game play", "Control should be more effective its vary sensitive", "Nyc game, very addictive. Jxt love it", "In really enjoy playing this game and the graphics are amazing", "Good app! The graphics are a little shabby, but better than what I could do!", "Love this game. Addicting and cute and fun! Will play til I unlock everything in this cool game.", "It's amazing with the back flips and didn't flips", "it really great, quite challenging, if any wants to relax this is the game\ud83d\udcaa\ud83d\udcaa\ud83d\udcaa\u26a1\ud83c\udf39", "Im doing vegetables now", "Skill based runner with deaths and navigation", "Good But Bored", "best game luv it cuz just thrill...... I love it", "One of the best games ive ever played", "beautiful but hard to control the dancer in the air", "awesome : fly , avatar like feel", "It's fun, and it's not too easy.", "very boring game", "Gives you an adrenaline rush", "its very good game its problem is the ads", "It is so calm and very beautiful", "bahot mst game hai bhai", "really good game but I don't like the way unlocking the players\ud83d\ude0e", "Best parkour game ever played best graphics,controls just loved this game.", "Werst game ever played", "Theek h bs", "takes too long in between turns", "ni ce ga. me", "nice gamee vry vry fasting ranning. super talent einsteine game nice recommend all.", "very imposible game", "its juat a osm game l i love it good work keep it up", "it's different way you use the controls but it's a good game really good actually", "I LOVE SKY DANCER RUN IT TS BATTER THAN TAMPEL RUN", "it is like that l am running", "hook up some coins", "Awesome addictive game", "It's an adictive game.", "I love sky dancer.. I feel like am the one running... Nice one", "It so amazing", "Unresponsive and shi*ty", "i play it mostly when im high ....", "the. only game i play", "Awesome new concept.", "just love it", "amazing graphics and gameplay..loved it in just single time played", "Very Nice Game! Can't Wait For An Update!", "Sub to pewdiepie or else", "me gusta mucho", "its wow ...superb relaxing graphics. .nice to play for long time...", "Owesum game", "Keep less ads", "create more worlds", "i like this game to much", "Good game i enjoy it", "A more unique dash game. A fun run!", "maa ki chu", "Not suar about a this", "Loved it... Nice graphics, music and ganeplay. Very addictive too...", "it makes my heart beat very much FAST", "So good this game", "this is really thrilling game forver, it's awesome i like it and addictive game", "it's a parkour game", "Gdeat game", "graphics are blessed and dancers the creative tricks 5-star rating \ud83e\udd17\ud83d\ude43\ud83e\udd17\ud83d\ude43\ud83e\udd17\ud83d\ude43", "best running game\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0dI love it to play very additive game", "tharumaaru..takkalisooru", "lt is awesome game . Its graphics are very awesome", "its good, but temple run is better", "Nice interesting game! Enjoying playing it.", "The game is great...", "Graphic \u2764\ufe0f", "addactive nice gameplay great time killler", "Yah nice game but not what i expected", "good game excellent work in graphics and music", "Fun Game, Enjoyed it at first go!", "Best game ever played Very Very addictive", "it is a great game and i loved it cause it is a free running game", "#chalinging", "So peaceful game, this game is just awesome.", "This is the hard,interesting and superb game", "very nice gameplay and thrilling heights", "Very nice and I enjoy this game", "quite a good time filler running", "Should improve on the visual speed of the character", "Best Running game ever played", "lots of fun and very addicting!", "mind blower", "osm and fabiolas", "Super game", "its radacul", "its nirvanna", "super GRPRIPS", "super game", "Need upgrade", "lov t", "giid giime", "osm game", "Brillyent game", "fooking ads", "I love it, play it with my girl, \ud83d\ude02", "Amazing Game with simple Controls.So Addictive", "Its cool", "Kick ass game! Very addictive...", "really interesting. great graphics", "worst game", "nice running game. addictive", "That is very amazing game.", "slow controls", "Ok ,good", "Strange but good game.", "Just Awesome ..... Feels \u2764\ufe0f we are actually \ud83c\udfc3\ud83d\udca8\ud83d\udca8 \u2764\ufe0f that..", "Nice Game Nice Graphics Nice To play", "Good game for time pass", "The Best runing game", "it was an fantastic experince and graphics extrodinanry", "very tensional game and excitement", "Really nice job guys", "it is fun and a great time killer", "best parkour game ever", "Amezing one of the Best Game", "plz add more fun", "Good graphics and great features", "I love your app", "Trilling nd good game", "its the best game ever", "i love this game so much", "Best game i ever seen", "Nice Challenging", "Dheerajmk", "amazing wounderful. game", "Nic download it it's fun", "cool game i love it."], "Grow Empire: Rome": ["I am giving this a 5 star rating (You should aswell!) because i love action and if you ask me this has so much aciton i am speakless because there are to many thing that are so good about this game that i dont even know where to start! So please Download this and i think you will agree with what i a...Full Review", "general skills should have greater contribution and significance, such as an increased growth after certain level, example after increasing melee attack for20point,the 21st should give 1% instead or .5% so on. General skills did not give much boost despite having invested significant amount of point...Full Review", "A grinder. I paid for the 40 gems to stop the adverts (worth it). History geeks will enjoy some aspects. You can play for just a few minutes at a time and feel you've accomplished something. It is pretty fast paced per battle. Nice,simple and Fun! Now played for months. Recently got back into it. St...Full Review", "I enjoy this game, although there are some flaws. First, the combat is very unrealistic. Roman armies fought in formations called phalanxes. Also, the idea of only having two units available for defense is ridiculous. I have played this game before all the way to very close to the end and you can't ...Full Review", "I really do recommend this gamr for anyonr who likes games like building a empire and defending it. This game has got me hooked, i will admit it has addicted me ans i live this game. Do Downliad This Fun,Addictive,Adventurous,Amazing game(would add more adjectives just dont have the space) I really ...Full Review", "it's an easy game with good graphics, and easy controls. The game play is rather repetitive, but can be overlooked overall, and the new tavern system is really nice. Free gems can be acquired through it, which I HIGHLY recommend saving every last one and only using them on the bank until it's maxed ...Full Review", "this game has been super addictive the past week and a half and i blew through the invasions with each one undertandably being a little harder. but when i got to 114 its like the enemy soldiers were on steroids and killed all of my men before i coukd even kill 5 of theirs. all my soldiers and heroes...Full Review", "cool but i wish like there was a more building and picking what you want and how about a town hall? and something like a training hall for the presents to make there stats go up by 1 and upraged items by clicking them then pressing the upgrade Burton if you dont understand or like this plz reply", "Really fun, but the end needs fixed. Its impossible to beat a few of the attacking levels (I'm stuck on 114 and 117) and the 100+ levels on the defensive side. The beginning and middle is great, but the end is pointless as your entire army is wiped out before your attack boost is even ready to use.", "so this game is actually quite fun....I downloaded it cause its an off line game and we all need one sometimes. thing is its got me hooked because the fighting actually requires startagy, and there are different mini games to tackle so your base grows and stuff.....the only downside to me personally...Full Review", "Very fun and addictive EDIT: after the update many cities became much easier to conquer, however it is now downright impossible to capture cities of 111 and above. You don't even end up killing a quarter of their troops that they start with in the battle when you send your first two legions. Somethi...Full Review", "pretty darn addicting honestly not bad ladies and gents. i will say i beleive one of the dailey missions (the mission to unlock the hero with the scyth) is impossible to beat because of the way the ram and 2 sheilded enemies are, you cant kill them due to the way they spawn and walk. they blend with...Full Review", "good to start with but at the end impossible to complete. Maxed out troops and even bought my own bonuses and still couldn't get pass level 114. This would be 5 starts if the issue was fixed", "Great game with the potential to add much more such as more upgrades for towns, roads between towns and buildings, both defensive, offensive and economic. The only real problem is the archery game. I would recommend having some upgrades there, allowing you to upgrade the defences.", "Great game! I played this game when it first came out, and enjoyed it. I quit because there was way to earn offline, and playing none stop wasnt very fun since the upgrades become rather expensive. That all changed now, and I recommend playing it.", "From some point it is impossible to protect or capture cities. I like this game because it is free and gives good gameplay, but there is no way to capture all cities. Just do not try. When get to the 107-110 city just uninstall the game, dont bother to pay. Update. They changed game. Daily missions ...Full Review", "Had it for about a week now. So far it's been fine. But today when I opened it, the grass area and the battle field is just all blue. Also when I fight a battle, not all my arsenal is available. After I defeat the other army, it doesn't do anything. It just sits there. I think it has a bug. \ud83d\ude21", "Needs lots of work. First couple hours are very fun. Then it just becomes a farming game with no actual way to win. No development in later stages of game. Last boards are not winnable. Gets worse and worse as you progress to final levels. No upgrade options in final levels and increased attacks. Co...Full Review", "I really like this game but earning gold and upgrading units takes so long and outposts give you little gold, defending outposts is a good feature but when You upgrade them they should have better defences. Overall this is a good game.", "Good fun...quite basic so far and a bit repetitive but nice little go to game for those quiet moments !! Have not got far so maybe it gets more uncool ed later in the game. Is not trying to fleece you for in game purchases every five minutes which is refreshing.", "Was a great game, until it erased all of my progress after an update. I have all my achievements on my Google play profile but it made me start all over. These devs clearly don't care about their players.", "Very simple, but good. I don't know of any other mobile games that give you the satisfaction of bringing Roman civilization to filthy barbarians. Just wish it was more complex. Either way, a good way to kill time.", "Love it but when I played the older version you didn't have to buy crystals cause they went in the game I lost my old profiles when I got my new phone so they should add an RECOVER OLD ACCOUNT which would be helpful this is a very good game and great time killer it's the best strategy I've seen.", "I bought a bag of gems for 9.99 and it didn't show up. I tried it again and then I guess both went through and showed two transactions for 9.99. Be careful when purchasing, I guess it can take a couple minutes to show up.", "fun at first until you realize it's basically the same thing literally every single round. after 100 rounds its meh. no real growth, no reason to play after a while", "graphics are good, but else no... the tavern mini games are just straight up retarded. It should be simplifed and just contain stuff like kill, invade etc the shot with a useless bow stuff is just tilting. invading is boring and unbalanced. revolution is another retarded feature who adds no value. t...Full Review", "simple to understand the game. perfect time killer. your getting what you paid for so don't expect best of the best. only issue would be the notifications. turned them off in the game, they still show up.", "so far it is a very good game, not much loading time and the graphics are simple, clean and very nice to look at. I love this game and it is addicting but I request to have more city development and building g gameplay as well as the battle mechanics. 5 stars total.", "Nice game overall, progressing gets steadily harder. Tip: invest in the bank and army. Only one issue: units get stuck behind skirmishers instead of going around or through them, shouldn't be hard to fix.", "This is a perfect(ish) strategy game. The combat is unrealistic tho because Romans fought in lines and simmilar, also when you are invading and enemys reinforcments comes it has the gate oppened and the soldiers just keep attacking it. It would be cool if you added so that something happens on that ...Full Review", "can you make another version of this game. i suggest make a mongol empire because this is a cool game i can rate you 5 star thank you for making this game i love historic game like this thats all thank you very much. ohh can you remake ninja warz insted of ninja warz you need to call viking warz bec...Full Review", "Word of advice, don't waste xp on upgrading how fast your reinforcements are, got to the max and the time doesn't get any better. That sucks big time. Wish I knew it going in.j", "This is a really addictive game. When I first downloaded it, it looked dumb but I played it more and more. p.s. I didn't do this for the in-game currency", "Great game, just full of ads. After almost every battle, there's an ad, so half the time im not even playing. However, the game pretty much makes up for it. The gameplay is pretty balanced, and i enjoy the incorporation of idle as well.", "Thank you for this great game! I have only one question. Whay the mercenaries discount is not working? I have 50% discount upgrade, but when I try to buy mercenaries i don't have discount. Because of that 4 stars from me. :)", "Just basic enough to master controll within a minute, and challenging enough to keep you wanting more. use EXP off the start to Maximize either Income, Damage or Experience... and keep promoting your Leigons. Get and Use Mercenaries to Maximize Attacks, and do t forget to suppress Revolt Map which i...Full Review", "great game. it gets tougher as you go along. very expensive unit upgrades. good thing about this game is there are no annoying ads on the screen and ads are minimal", "g thanks so much for all you did to me last time I was at a party and the rest are subject line of the year is it ok for the last two days have been ok lng you can do to get it out last time I was at a friend's birthday and Christmas at your earliest we need the rain has at last week of April so no ...Full Review", "Game becomes impossible to beat, the archer defending mini game. As you progress further the enemy soldiers start coming out in groups and the archer doesnt fire fast enough. towards the end 3 shield and helmet soldiers come out at the same time as the battering ram. And the battering ram has hitmar...Full Review", "Interesting game but definitely a grind. Gameplay begins to feel repetitive in regards to enemies but I simply need to progress farther to know more. Only rating now for 2000 gold lol.", "Nice game, can you fix the tavern the ram is imposible to kill with the touch screen and more players have the same issue. about the ads i agree but they give free coins. can you update more continents. thanks", "This game was addicting at first and very fun. once you get near the end though it becomes impossible to win. You need 92% to unlock the final mercenary unit. I've been stuck on 90.29% for months, literally. I've unlocked everything else, even spent money to do so. I've used the best cards available...Full Review", "Great fun! But I bought upgrades several times, and it says \"buy a pack and remove adds\" but the adverts still come? Don't understand??", "It's good, alot too expensive stuff though, I like how you can capture cities, plus can you make a frontline and not make the captured cities colonies? Make captured cities maybe apart of your empire and you just earn money from them?", "In 90% of the game, from regular waves to campaign battles the game mechanics are perfect because they respond to command given as the challenges get harder. Love it. However, the tavern challenges seem like they were made by different people. the game mechanics are terrible. The commands given to t...Full Review", "good game, but i hate paying for stuff just to progress at an acceptable or faster rate in the game. i firmly believe that the devs or dev should change this and get rid of the gem system.", "Welp, was really enjoying this game. Honestly was one of my favorites. I loved the grind aspect of it (though tedious). I finally saved up 200 gems (after already spending a bunch on other things). to buy the 'Gladiator'. I finally bought him. I was so happy until... After already buying him to find...Full Review", "Great game to occupy time. not sure how to defend against rebellion though. only level mid 30s. the rebellion has way more troops.", "The game is very basic. Optional ingame ads are ok, but there are too many ads poping up after the battle. It's very annoying.", "After wave 100 game starts to become unplayable unless you start spending money. Pay to win beyond this point. Good players will make it to 200.", "I didn't think the game would be that good but I was so wrong.... great game try it now", "Enjoy it a lot. . only down is some time while on line screen movement to aim your catapults & towers is sluggish. .you'll lose that round", "Great game. Fun and addictive. I get daily notifications that daily mission is available but when I enter the game there is no icon to play them. Somebody experienced similar issues?,", "It's So Cool I like it! but for 1 round can you keep the dead people until the next round started like keep the dead bodies on the floor it will look cool like playing total war Rome it's so cool! keep up the good work", "it would be much more awesome if you introduce water in front of the gate and crocodile in it. and i an madly to play online PvP battles in your game", "brilliant game I love this kind of game and this is a very good example of turn based strategy games, simple to play hard to master. If you like turn based strategy game's then this is well worthwhile", "Pretty fun game!! Big tower kinda seems useless at the start. really inaccurate but very fun addicting game!", "Addicting game, pulled me in right away. the gameplay is fun and gets progressively harder. ads aren't bad and you'll have fun playing it!", "You can't beat the game. Even with soldiers maxed and all upgrades maxed. Several reviews online saying the same. Even downloaded lucky patcher cheat tool for unlimited gold and gems. Just not possible.", "was a bit dubious about the game at the start, however its really come through, the other descriptions are on par, its layered, fun anime style graphics, only been on a few hours, but cant put it down! keep up the good work guys!", "the movie is the best of the people of all this is the best of the egg into a country where you are not a qaulified I have to add a new job and the other countries to be a great weekend too costly to be a great weekend the same boat it's not the same boat it's not the same boat it's not the same boa...Full Review", "its fun but its too repetative. I cant play for more than 20 minutes. Its literally the exact same thing over and over", "its a really good game you know you need to try it out for yourself man its good the fighting the good gooo d jdnsisbsjdjeunr my hdnemsjdhbsjsudbendjdjejebeidn r sl\":=jjsj ed jsjdhehdjxudnkeufjksk", "great time killer! the start-up is slow and leveling can be a bit of a pain. But it is starting to get faster.", "I was hesitant at first. Turns put that I really could sit here all day and play it. very addicting. I'm really enjoying it!", "it's fun but I think you should put other empires like the Greeks where their is a certain part of the game that focuses on some of the most famous wars with Rome", "Feel like it eventually gets too hard and you fall behind. Also I think at a certain level you should get another bar for troop recovery", "this is the best mobile game I've played. but it isn't perfect", "this game was good b4 the update now it forces you to buy dimands to get very important characters to win the game...not worth the time to download", "Its a fun game with TD style mechanics. The tavern challenge is horrible. The shooting mechanic needs an overhaul. Overall still fun but could be better.", "Starts off decently, but the middle to end game sucks.  Gold becomes worthless, as you run out of improvements.   Pushing into Carthaginian territories (and the defensive city battles) basically requires loads of 'gem' upgrades, either purchased, earned playing a pointless side game, or doing endles...Full Review", "stupid game cheat game it is a ugly game it never let me defeat the daily mision in the barbarianwith the stupid horge the car is so hard to defeat I will make it 5 star if you update this stupid game and make the daily missions more easier", "Main game is ok, but gets impossibly hard towards the end without spending real currency on it. The archer mini game was fun to start with, until the ram comes forward and gives an immediate failure if you don't hit all of its spots with pinpoint accuracy, doesn't matter if you haven't lost a single...Full Review", "I enjoy game but in battle it can be annoying cause it freezes not long but still gets annoying when it lags every few seconds", "ok the game is great but to many as and I know why its cause you guys think you made a good game so you think you need a lot money from ads thanks for reading my comment", "A fun game which can keep you busy for a short or even an extended period of time if you could take the ads, which are standard on a free game. It's simple and easy, but it has a charm that gives it decent gameplay time.", "Good strategy game, easy to start playing. Unlike a lot of games doesnt require purchases to get good at", "Decent game, no bugs. However, game play becomes boring after a while.", "This is a great game to play when you are boord but the one thing is that is does have a t and to lag a bit. But still a great game to play \ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01.", "The game is super fun and addicting, some of the challenges are extremely difficult and hard to play. though overall it is an excellent game, I highly recommend for people looking for a quick play.", "it's more fun than I thought it would be and it doesn't seem to rely on data use for anything except for ads (which also give you coins,btw). No complaints, here!", "This game is so fun to play and easy. i love the increasingly harder enemies that you face and i think that this game is unique. The developers have done an amazing job.", "to you by your own virus checking software for a while and I have to pay for it and it will be in the morning to see if you want to do so in love to have a great day and the other side and a bit of the King Street and the other side effects and I am not going back home and abroad and a half hour to ...Full Review", "i love this game and had a plan to top up but very lag at wave 500 and above. ill give u 5 star if you fix that issue", "Just the right difficulty! Loses one star though for progress that slows down more and more over time.", "Liked the game but there were adds almost after every wave, really cuts into the gameplay", "great game, not many ads very good graphics and gameplay. if you like fighting games and upgrading, then this is the game for you", "remindd me alot of the game stick wars I downloaded and played this game about a year ago and I quickly became bored when I ran out of things to do but I was pleasantly surprised at how expanded and improved it was when I decided to redownload the game", "great fun, at the beginnig, but the stupid archer side game is far too frustrating, supposed to be enjoyable. I absolutely cannot recommend this game", "simple game, no energy to wait for and money comes in every minute while playing. overall entertaining and a great time killer", "This is one of the most fun games I've ever played, but an idea for your next game, Build Empire Greece? I would love if you did that!", "very fun game so far, graphics are okayy but the game is so entertaining that you hardly notice. so far so complaints.", "The game is great in every aspect of the game. The only problem for me was that you don't earn that much money to upgrade your troops.", "fun game to waste time on. not time demanding so i can play at my leisurely pleasure", "This is the best game I ever played.The best thing about this game is that every chance we play we get lots of coins.", "All graphics ,controls all are nice but when did the last white army will come, I am eagerly waiting for it or otherwise all my attractions should go away my Exp level is 164 please say something and please reply soon.", "haven't played it long enough but I can see it being addictive if you put the time in", "easy money and level upgrade. dont have to spend actual cash to advance. nice time killer", "funny little have with increasing difficulty. played half an hour and get bonus for filling out this form", "So far so good. I like that you can get extra coins for watching ads.", "it's too good i enjoy it tooo much I can't stop playing it I love this game", "was great. and then it just gets far too hard.(so I gave up)", "Really bad experience with the daily/mini game. You reach the last level to get another hero but the controls are so shaky and poor makes it frustrating to play the daily missions. With the rest of the game getting repetitive and harder and harder to advance unless you have more heroes.", "Do not make any purchases, unless if u save your game I bought about 20 bucks of gems and didnt save my game and now I have none. The game did not warn me of anything so I won't continue to play unless I get my money or gems worth back.", "a good game overall EXCEPT for the quite literally impossible archer missions you need to do to unlock more heroes, the enemies with helments AND shields need to be removed from those missions so people can actually pass them, also the battering ram is ridiculously op", "Nice gameplay but after city 114 I am not able to kill single enemy. daily missions are impossible to get complete.", "Fun so far, we'll see how it goes...or long till I have to pay to advance.", "isn't the best game in the world but its a phone game what do you expect", "really good though the first hero is weak and hard to get gems so if you can modify this it will be great\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00", "fun game, pretty bad quality, but thats almost the only conplaint. minimal ads which is great!", "bro plsss make the general do somthing in wars bc he dont do sht but command i want voyh commande and fighting general", "simple game, not too much additional in game payments so far. not sure it is a long term play game yet though.", "this game is a great time waster and isnt to complex that you need time to play it. with quick matches I can play it on breaks or lunches", "great game to play when you have nothing to do. very fun game!!!", "Just started playing so giving it a 4 stars great potential hopefully i dont hit a pay wall i like the ads for extra coins they help out alot.", "This is nice to play to spend some of your time on if you are into strategy and maybe tower defense games. Really fun! Just wish that there were more types of units at my disposal.", "I love this game make one about Napoleonic and you are able to choose different countrys during the 17th century", "it's a bit slow to get started would be nice if tutor could stay a bit longer or a floating helping arrow to explain/define thing/symbols but liking it alot so far", "addictive and has good graphics, but as any game would this has its flaws, for one, once you reach a high enough wave, there will be no chance of you winning and also too many ads", "Before the update was great played all the time updated I lost over 500k in funds hero level an stats on wall health archers towers n catapults so not happy with any more", "Good game overall. Can upgrade gradually without having to micro-manage. A lot of interesting features. A very good time killer, very enjoyable.", "it seems like they set up the game so you have spend money. It is hard to earn enough money to compete.", "It is actually a good time killer, fairly addicting. Overall, very fun.", "extremely fun game seems complicated at start but u learn where new stuff is pretty soon but the bridge minigame controls are way too hard to control pls help with that but other than that 10 out of 10", "this is a easy game to play and doesn't take much thinking about good for after long day at work", "it's ok to kill time same thing over and over gets boring fast", "when doing missions would be great if your arrow shots upgraded as the soldiers get harder kind of rediculous it starts to take 3 headshots to bring enemies down as others rush at you and since when is a battering ram faster than foot soldiers.", "It's cool all I can say is maybe after breaking through a wall u have to fight through the city it would be cool", "better if we have main castle like something......this game is best....those who read it plz understan i like it v.much", "great game but I wish it would let you operate specific troops in battles like \"Stick Man Legacy\"", "Es entretenido, me gusta, sin embargo no me gusta esperar 3 dias para tener m\u00e1s dinero xD", "Main seminggu semua sdh upgrade level max semua 165._ wave sdh 1180, benteng 11.000, wilayah sdh 80%, klo mau bisa kuasai 100% wilayah hrs pakai card dan gem. hati2 hero hanya bsa dipakai 2. mending diupgrade max, cma jga berat pakai gem _nya. Skr stuck di 80%. mungkin stop _ gold gak kepakai 1jt, k...Full Review", "Fun game and good way to pass the time.. It would make more since if the gold accrued from captured cities continued to collect when not in the app. It would make it much easier to afford upgrades.", "honestly awesome game dude I'm really enjoying it and they got like mini games and the conquest part of the game its definitely fun im just smoking a bowl and having a blast.", "haven't had this game for very long but so far inlike it, we'll see how it developes.", "would be great if u can fight against other people...so thats why im rating it a 4....but if u can improve that with PVP battle i will give it a 5star", "This game is cool, liking how the strategy is simple, but well thought out", "Needs less ads or none then game would be 5 star", "It is a fun game allowing you to play and upgrade. Fail a defense, no problem do it again and collect coin for upgrades.", "start well but you run out of upgrades and no control over which troops are reserves.", "it's really cool because you can defend for money and then attack other tribes and you can upgrade your troops and do other cool stuff, JOIN ME AND RULE THE WORLD", "Instructions are heard to come by. music can't be turned off in the intro which is super annoying. time killer", "The game is well thought out, and it's capability to run offline, it handy when I'm bored during periods without internet connection, a few glitches, but all in all, a really great game", "some daily missions are impossible! i cant beat it after 10 days for the 2nd hero!!! plz fix it or add super powers!", "pretty fun. only at lvl 5 right now.", "played this game most of the day as i sit here in hospital. i like this simple game", "Awesome time killer that does not need constant attention BUT can still play for hours at a time", "Addictive and easy to learn. A bit repetitive but still good for mindless fun!", "super fun. ads a little annoying but not horrible", "Neat little defense game. Needs some grammar corrections. Would be nice to see more historical Roman terms, famous commanders, and even mythological creatures.", "Pretty good a bit slow but otherwise really fun I just want a faster gold collection", "It is a wonderfull game I wish thou you could train a number of toops to attak with sorry for my horibble spelling", "it is really addicting but the invasion should be a little more like when you are getting attacked", "Nice game, its strategic that's why I like it and please improve better things to the game. There's something I don't like about the graphics.", "Good fun. Very repetitive though", "The one archer minigame. It became unfair on the later waves, please rebalance it.", "its ok graphics arent the greatest but better than some. Game play is ok. coin is slow to gain.", "It's a lot of fun and, at least for a while, there's none of the familiar pay-to-play issues", "it's alright name passes the time it's repetitive though there isnt a whole lot now", "You should develop like grow empire: Russia , Grow Empire England , Grow Empire France or something else like that I'm sure it will be Nice to see these kind of games", "Over all really good game. I mean ya gaphics could be better", "Great game. Would be better if there were more strategic options for units during attack or defence", "easy game, fast startup, and decent build up potential. you could say it's \"growing\" on me.", "it's cool to burn time. A bit grindy and fast pace. I would recommend but dont be too picky with graphics. it looks like a 10 year old drew the characters.", "Great time killer, very addictive, great game for offline purposes.", "Can there just be the screaming of men, and more lands to conquer?", "Fun fast and furious Roman conquest game. Decent graphics and simple gameplay make for good fun!", "I need a tutorial that tells me how to change people in the tech tree.", "great game without spending anything, it gives you the option, but you can have great fun without, excellent game!!!", "starts off slow and boring but 20 minutes later you will be having a blast", "I don't usually play games like this but this game is amazing", "The upgrades cost are high each level. otherwise good game", "Pretty Awesome, seems a bit repetitive and I've only been playing for 2 hours.", "kool game.. I'm addicted", "Very good game with excellent gameplay, but a little laggy for computer on Bluestacks. Other than that it is excellent.", "amazing game would definitely recommend (although wish you could upgrade bases you invaded", "Seems great so far! You can pay for upgrades but it's not necessary.", "The games is amazing it is very strategic and in many ways good such as the graphics and it doesn't only have a defense it has offensive battles", "very expensive then pub g", "too much advertising. troops commit suicide by running away from castle.", "This game I really like. But your army has a bar that loads to long , but I really do like.", "nice to pick up.and play whe you want , no silly buildings to constantly build , and not having base destroyed on return to game by others is nice ,no problems yet.", "it's good just I got to the point where it's bogged down and the bogging down isn't worth it", "its okay but its needs more options and its just okay for me but not enough hope you do good updates to make the game insanely good", "i give 5 stars for me its fun but the graphics is too annoying that all", "so far it has been simple but fun. looking forward to later challenges", "Good game but gets a little repetitive especially if you don't want to buy quick fixes.", "not to bad if you want to waste time but it does take a little bit to get going.", "so best game in this worlds to be a mile when cart and I have to go in Artic and we can go from there to you", "Es un juego entretenido pero esta dise\u00f1ado para no poder seguir avanzando en el modo conquista. Llega un punto donde el rival ya no lo puedes vencer y solo puedes seguir haciendo los mismos niveles de siempre y aburre un poco. Estuve horas jugandolo y es bueno pero ya no hay mas que hacer.", "its been very fun for me because this doesn't bord me", "I haven't lost yet. Can you add cannons pls.", "Bigger battle field would be way better", "too many ads and bonus hero mission are poorly designed", "Great little time waster, gold collection could do with being a bit faster but that's the only niggle so far", "fun game, great way to kill time. it would be better if there were more units on the field.", "thank you for making the game there should be custom battles", "Just plz add a unit control and make ballistas they fire like 100 arrows and make more units maybe a ground archer that isn't in base and i rate it 5", "The game is OK and not like the others but I still like it, good moveability", "so far I've played is good love how far you can upgrade kills a lot of time"], "Cover Fire: shooting games": ["amazing game!!! reminds me the arcade game Time Crisis or House of dead specially when i play the part where there are zombies and civilian to save", "it's just awesome but missions has less time it should be more auto moving of combat not so good it should keep as manual but overall game in less size is amazing...", "unilinstalled right when I found out that it's one of those games that require energy to play. waste of my time.", "Very fun, challenging cover based FPS game!! Its a very fun game, but also very challenging at the same time!! Has a great story mode (campaign) and a couple challenge modes!! Its a great game for any FPS game fan!!", "this game is a awesome shooter game you guys did a good job on the graphics and the controls could you put a free vip badge by watching 100 ads", "need more updates and events.. boring", "If u want Best Mobile Offline game For best graphics and Gameplay.I suggest this one is for u \ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\udc9f\ud83d\udc95", "its best offline game i have ever play on mobile its graphics or best bus the episodes are little less", "osm game for stoners", "Very nice game", "very entertaining", "i like 8t the game so nice is game is oll complit ok", "good game play very interested in. further gaming", "Awesome game. Hard work showing its results.", "super game....i like it", "It's just too good \ud83d\udc4d loved it", "dope game", "ossm game", "its osm", "super addicted", "AMAZING, BEST SHOOTER EVERRR", "Super hit", "BEST GAME EVER!!!", "addicted", "perfect shooting game...awsome", "owsm game ...easy to play", "one of the best game", "verry nice game", "soo good game", "ok", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc", "darun", "Great game.", "Good game", "good game", "best ever", "Excellent fun", "amazing game", "cool game", "Good game", "amazing game", "good games", "i love this game", "nice game", "love this game", "Cool \ud83d\ude0e", "good", "nice", "good", "fantastic", "Good", "cool", "good", "amazing", "very nice game bt I want some changes", "excelente gameplay", "great graphics.smooth gameplay!", "this game is so nice.", "good game", "I completely enjoy this game. Well except for in sniper ops the buttons/ screen is not responding fast enough to get accomplished. Tried cleaning the glass got a little better. Mostly playing offline so that is okay. Does reaction time slow as cover is lost? You did great with the anime chics. They ...Full Review", "Okay. Guys like i siad that i would come back tell you my levels im in now... im on Episode 3-7... I love my sniper games the graphics on this is relly excellent very challenging it takes your mind right into the action. I believe the game maker have read and listen to there reviews and fixed what t...Full Review", "The Game is Fun, I do like playing it. Could be more Gold and cash given as prizes not Billions but adding more would please your player base! Taking care of your Players is the #1 thing a Game Maker should be concerned with and do, More Players = More Money potential for your company! It's not that...Full Review", "Its nice to find a game that is offline playable. That said it is still a pay to win game. Progress is agonizingly slow unless you are willing to spend real a lot of real money. I think that there would be a great number of people that would pay 20 to 30 dollars to unlock the whole game with an acce...Full Review", "Graphic is good and nice controls. The game runs very smoothly. Completed the first two campaigns and they're very enjoyable so far, challenging but not too difficult. Completely ads free, well except for the optional ones that allows you to open a extra card which is nice. Crates include nice rewar...Full Review", "Best shooter game out there. Fast loading time. lots of characters and weapons. only thing i would change is the videos that hell speed up the process of upgrades and chests were explained more. sometimes you get more than other times. Theres plenty of them, but i never know how much are available, ...Full Review", "Great game and graphics and plot. But will lose all progress when game updates. My update made everything automatically disappear and set back to level one. Lost several hours of time and game progress. And the cloud update also malfunctions and does not restore . WORST PART is that despite emails, ...Full Review", "It has started to freeze up in the middle of game play ,im really far along and the further i go the more freeze up. Do something. And also i have finished all 10 chapters and since 2months no added chapters added. Is that the end of the game ? So I can uninstall", "Best 3rd Person Shooter game I ever played in android. But i got a suggestion - control Settings, i suggested a friend this game but on his first start up he asked me 4 control Settings, since i am comfy with the default control, i never knew it wasn't there. and how about multiplayer, one sniping f...Full Review", "very beautiful game but it has two problems. 1. You have to wait a long time to refill your power to play again. 2. And when you reduce the time of waiting the next crate or something else, if you exit the game and when you will play again you will see the time without reducing. Fix these problems o...Full Review", "Way, way, way to expensive to play!! I've been playing for over a year and due to the ludicrously low earnings for running missions and daily tasks, I can't even get to level 7 on upgrades. Fun game but expect to pay a ton of real money to get anywhere in this game! #notworthit", "Greedy. Greedy. Greedy. All they want is your $$ and they do everything possible to get u to do so. Takes 2 energy a play, takes forever to level up, the crates %90 of the time never have anything useful like health and slow motion. They keep giving u 3 and four skill crates that are already astrono...Full Review", "Great game. Good entertainment. Update: The developers have done a great job in improving the game levels. However, the skill cards requires lot of money but the amount won is very less in all levels which makes it unbalanced. An alternate feature could be adding an option of improving skills throug...Full Review", "Upgrading skills are expensive, but in order to make spending money attractive it has to be. The skills are useful and the random cards makes for replay ability. The range of characters is good. Would like to see hacker/ drone missions to earn those character cards, just like sniper missions. really...Full Review", "Well I gave it a 3 star cause I appreciated it until it started lacking... this is my 3rd update, After I completely the last chapter (episode 10) the next episode said coming soon.. I checked here and found there is an update, I got excited thinking the new episode will be available here and even g...Full Review", "Great game but there should be a special game where you can earn extra cash or gold otherwise you're spending lots of money when you need to upgrade the specialist areas. Plus, why do we have to wait 7hrs to get upgrades once paid for? Graphics are great though and the gameplay is intoxicating. Cost...Full Review", "Developer not responding to issue (wrote them again recently) What's the deal with cover fire.  I watch a video to half the time until delivery to 2 hours. Come back in 2 hours to see 2:09 remaining. Thinking maybe I didn't watch the video I watch 2 more making the time 30 minutes. I come back in ah...Full Review", "Excellent First person shooter, great graphics, fast moving full of action game. My only criticism is that it's a point and shoot you can't move around under your own control. if this was in the game play this would definitely be the best FPS games I would have played on Android....Dan..", "it's a very satisfying shooting game, I love the graphics, the arenas r really cool, but I cannot find the granites, even I upgrade them but during battles I don't find them. and yes pls work on ur controls, they don't run smoothly. Else everything is good \ud83d\ude0a.", "I was totally drawn in to 'Cover Fire'. The action of the battles and skirmishes were realistic enough to make me duck bullets in my living room. The mini missions (Sniper Ops and the others) were just as good as the main feature. The characters were just as enjoyable. I only wish it didn't take so ...Full Review", "Addicting game. The quests are really challenging and makes you want to constantly replay them for the 3 stars. Most of the time you can get 3 stars, if it's an easy level. Shots are very accurate, no hard controls. Headshots are very easy, but the one shot one kill is a bit tricker. There's an onli...Full Review", "I love the game soo much one of the best shooting games I've ever played. If you would add a practice or training zone where we unlocked an character or an weapon to test it, not when you select a weapon you can only see first hand when playing on a mission first, than we should have tested it on a ...Full Review", "i used to love playing a game called FRONTLINE COMMANDO so everytime I install it, it says \"FLCOMMANDO has stopped\" So I went to find another app similar. TBH, there were a lot of them. But they all were based of World war 1 and 2.. i didn't like having games based of things that have already happen...Full Review", "This game is absolutely amazing! I have never loved such a game, especially on mobile. The only thing that I do not like is how you can't change your main character. You do change to a Sniper and a RPG trooper but you have no free will yo choose which one you want to be. If I am wrong can someone te...Full Review", "I don't like writing reviews. pretty good game. 3rd person rail shooter. good controls. good casual feel. really simple once you figure out the menu options. good for killing time. has a fatigue system like most android games. has in app purchases, but aren't required.", "Crashes regularly. Often during the finish animation of missions (bullet flying). Once it caused 1/2 the screen to flicker and jump all over, even after closing the app. Had to restart and uninstall the app to get it to stop. But crashing still happens after reinstall. No similar issues with any oth...Full Review", "It is still the best action game thus far but niw when are you releasing episode 11, ive been waiting since 2 weeks back, and i don't even wanna mention the Zombie event, I've been waiting since last year beginning if December nothing, when are we getting those new episodes. And there are these gree...Full Review", "Great game. Skirmish and sniper ops are addicting. No recent updates which means no events for the past month. We need more events, zombies, tournaments, and possibly some sort of team battles online.", "cost to much to upgrade skills. I need about 7 million dollars to upgrade what skill cards I have. I only have 4k dollars. mission only give 1-1.5k per mission. with only 10 energy and 2 energy per mission,impossible to upgrade skills without spending real money. so I am uninstalling. cheesy game", "I paid thirty dollars. Still don't get to play the game fully, without waiting for the next reload time. Not cool. The upgrades of my weapons and coverdamage feel like scams towards the end", "i really want to give 5* but this game dosent let me enjoy long enough before it become difficult to upgrade skill point without spending real money. with little reward n limited energy it's become very slow to progress.", "Latest updates can't hardly play now. Maybe they just changed to higher end phones. Getting poor frames and lagging control, not to mention not able to spot targets. Was my fav now ready to uninstall. last update made game more playable again.", "you make it very difficult for my sniper in the plates battle because you give her no cover!! and she is fighting 9 snipers who have her squarely in their sights!! she dont have a chance in hell of getting them all before she is killed!!\"", "I've reached chapter 9 and in the 9th episode in the sniper mission Whenever I shot the man controlling the robot, I can see the bullet gone but at that point I can't see anything. At first I thought this happened eventually but After more than three times this happened I'm unable to understand what...Full Review", "This is the best offline game. Whoever have played this game should only complain about the controll's button. l got adicted just after l downloaded it. The graphics are super duper insane. Dont rejet it, cos ur gonna so get adicted in it. You know they say believe it even if u didn't experience it....Full Review", "Had lot of expection but same gameplay like those looser 80-90 mb sniper game have. 50 mb for Shooting and rest 450mb is wasting on graphics. Graphics are useless if your game play sucks. Have to say sniper 3d is more realistic and have better game play then you.guys", "guys Iam only getting cards for updating when I open crates..and no money at all.....what I am supposed to do with cards without money....pls change it...and another worst part is that... every thing in this game is depended on the crates....and no upgradation on anything... Iam playing this game fo...Full Review", "Good fun game but no more events, they start you out with a couple of events then no more I'm almost ready to delete the game. \ud83d\ude21 this game sucks. Don't bother downloading this game because if you don't buy things then they won't give you events", "one sentence to give feedback this game... i will say that this game is not free of cost.. because without money you not be enjoy Continuesly..after playing 5 level than energy is finish and next 1 hour to play again this part of game...and some level is very difficult and no more option to increase...Full Review", "No weekly events, start times or dates. Controls are horrible. I like the new character. Would be cool if we could add her as a sniper, too, since there's only two girls to chose from.", "skirmish is too easy (especially sniper missions). unlocked all the damn characters and weapons in a week or two. the bullet often not flying linear to the gun's barrel alignment, though by crosshairs they are pinpoint accurate. when firing to close targets (say 2-5 meters) the crosshair would not b...Full Review", "Great game but getting the upgrades to defeat the harder enemies is difficult sometimes. Also run out of play time to fast. Definately in need of an upgrade. The sniper play is getting old. Need to rotate the modes like before.", "Nice game, nice graphic, good control and easy to understand. One thing bothering me, your crosshair target is in white color, sometime it's hard to see, especially in bright color background, like snow or infrared mode, thank you...", "Probably the most fun game I have played so far for android. The game has great graphics, the controls are easy and smooth. its fun to play the campaign missions as well as skirmish, spec ops, & zombies. overall awesome game very fun to play. IceUpSon01!", "10 energy in not enough when you reach advanced levels you need a lot of money to upgrade and you are very limited with only 10 energy??..you might give us Endless mod so we can gather money from. ..**what about the Sniping mod very big area you cant see the soliders and you run out of time!! you mi...Full Review", "Pure awesomeness. your has made restart the entire game because it says it keeps corrupting my save file I am very unhappy", "This is the second time I lost my saved progress. It automatically restart's the whole game. I really enjoyed playing this game, but thing is, this kind of problem makes you want to hate this game. may I know why is this keep happening? and what should I do to retrieve my saved progress.", "its an ok game, very challenging! BUT theres a HUGE problem with the timer for crates & rewards! I'll collect a free crate, then use a video to half the time to 2 hrs,,, and when I come back later,, it still says I have 3 1/2 hrs left! Thats killing my collections, and waisting my speed ups!! This n...Full Review", "tried not to give feedback immediately until playing for 1 week and actually it deserves the 5 stars confidently to say one of the best shooting games you can find on the store ... you will find lots of missions and episodes ... the only drawback is the extreme slow rate to refill tickets to be able...Full Review", "Fun shooter. Cover to cover style third person shooting. I can appreciate a game like this and would recommend it to anyone looking for a good mobile shooter to pass the time. I got stuck in it for the first couple day.", "The game's quote addictive. The first time I played it, I became hooked especially the zombie mode - it was awesome.. I have a problem with my achievement though: every time I complete an objective, it doesn't show in my Google games.. Please help me fix this issue and I'll give you 5 stars", "I really love the game Devs but! EXPENSIVE for upgrades WOW! not cool. Wow!!! Not very cool Devs. Well I love the UPDATE. Almost 1G updates in 2 months! I liked the SKIRMISH the way it was before why change it to only SNIPER Ops, that was a HUGE MISTAKE most of the missions you cannot even see the e...Full Review", "I was quite enjoying the game completed 30% of the campaign pretty sharpish and was doing alright until a couple of days ago I lost all my upgrades, cards, guns and characters. So now I'm 30% into the game with a character that's basically a new starter and it's completely ruined it for me so until ...Full Review", "Once i get kicked off from an event, i need to wait till the event finished, for an another event to come. This can be modified. You can give a new event to the ones who get kicked out like this", "i might be able to get over the pay to play aspect if it only caused the game to progress slow but the. element where you only get so many turns before you run out of stamina and have to play again in a few hours makes this offline game pointless.", "you know most games after couple of hours get dull. so far this is amazing. updates give new games. can purchase but havent so far and havent hit the pay barrier yet. so really pleased. fully advocate", "The best action game i have played so far. Long refilling time. PLEASE REDUCE THE TIME High cost of purchase. PLEASE REDUCE THE PRICE OF ITEMS add more episodes (6 to 10) in the next update", "Bad ass graphics. 3rd person shooter with a challenging twist. Incliding but not limited to Assualt rifle, rocket launcher and sniper mini games. Nice headshot and slow motion effects.", "little difficult to understand the settings and the progress.. missions are some locked and want upgradation. i must need t9 understand the formula too..i guess.. overall superb. .. From nokia 6.1plus, Guwahati, India.", "its best game. but in my opinion the gold and cash should given more in rewards. and the refill time is too slow for sniper ops specially...", "Controls are wonky, no power adjustment on scope and the targets can get confusing. I'd give it 5 stars if those problems were fixed.", "this has got to be one of the best offline playable games I've come across. it has all the qualities I look for in games. cover, zombies, upgrades, different characters with their own unique skills. thumbs Up! great job on this creation.", "Only been playing a little over 24hrs but can feel myself being dragged into a really addictive game. Come back in a couple of weeks and it could be 10 not 9.", "at first it was ok but when i open alll my characters in one day it was fun and i have 1.1 gold i can by anthing,and the only thing is good that when u finish a mission it give u 6 cards and everything inside it a treassure", "Very nice game, you just need patience and be a good shooter. Almost as a pc game... let's say, as an old pc game. No lag, no forcing for spending money. Enjoy! I sure did :)", "cool game but for over a month now the event mode has not been playable, its just saying its coming soon. how soon?? whats the point of paying for stuff if you cant play the whole game.", "This is, in my opinion THE BEST FPS out there for your mobile! its addictive, doesn't throw up \"you have to 'buy' this or that to continue. it's a smooth game play, with brilliant shoot outs in it. Great game. well done to the development. Right, had no choice but to knock off 3 stars as i was just ...Full Review", "Game is excellent. Levels are intresting, the only problem is similar to many other games: energy. You can not just sit and enjoy. Energy will ends up in 10-15 minutes eventually", "Awesome..best graphics..can't put it down .It's fun..you can play without spending money ... the rewards get more the futher you get in to the game ... my only complaint is the sniper ops take weeks to get new missions an the caricatures you win are the same ones over an over .. dev need to give u m...Full Review", "I never enjoyed a mobile game so much. New skirmish is awesome to play which only saved the game from getting uninstalled. But developers i am still looking for new levels as well as new events.", "nuh 3 bad wish we could a move our self thou , don't like the fact that me have a turn turn the screen and me c\u00e0ah move where I want to but it's a kool game thou.", "A good game for chill out your mood. not very agressive, simple combat, no blood. specialy i like um..... this game have all types of shooting face to face sniper rocket launcing bang bang helicopters drons and much more fun. Good Luck Guys...!!", "Now they get five stars. Still didnt hear from the company, but they have made the game much better. So great job. The game is still awesome. Top marks all around.", "really good game and events aren't too hard at all and it makes it easier to get new heroes. One of the best games and a keeper, love it and I will continue to keep playing it.", "Oh....!!! Let me remind you about the game....It just a game...... Where your mission will be about your patience.....The game is extreme time killer......In this game u have to wait for energy.....!!!! Isn't that boaring....???? So if you are rich or you can overcome your patience then download the...Full Review", "I'm using a crappy phone so I think that I would be giving all five stars all around if I were not on this piece of trash ZTE . THANKS SO MUCH FOR ALL THE HARD WORK!!!", "All good.. a great & addictive game. but suddnly I lost my progress and had to start from scratch again. felt really bad. but continued playing. can u guys help?", "this is worst firing game..nothing u can do unless you add real cash..bloody game! sucks. i suggest you guys to download \" hopeless land\" its online game like pubg ..", "best game dynamics for thus far. only problem i have, is when playing the sniper challenges on the snow stage, u can't really make out ur crosshair.", "Well balanced game. Can be played with minimal or no in game purchases. One annoyance is it will complain about a time error on your device if left running in the background.", "Cover fire isn't another in-play purchase first shooter that dogs you to buy gold. It is exciting enough to where you can slowly use game points to get what you need. It's fast action play makes the time fly and that means lots of fun. No complicated maps and there is a lot to unlock. As you increas...Full Review", "game is sooo much nice but when we rich higher level its says update your skills and cant go further level because there is no enough money to update so we need to play again and again to get money so i get bore please make it easy to update the weapons skills etc.........please", "IT IS GREAT TO FIND OUT THAT THIS GAME IS OFFLINE AND STILL PLAYABLE! AND I THINK THAT IT IS THE ONLY OFFLINE GAME WHICH IS PLAYABLE.I LOVE THIS GAME IT BUT THERE'S ONE PROBLEM.THE PROBLEM IS THAT WHEN I START THE GAME I CLOSED SEVERAL TIMES.SO DEAR DEVELOPERS PLEASE DON'T LET THIS ISSUE BE A REASON...Full Review", "This game is awesome. I love it. It has nice graphics, Good storyline as well as no ads to interrupt you while playing. The main feature which i like the most that.... We can play this game online as well as offline. It works good in both ways.", "It's Awesome. Honestly I don't rate apps but my conscience won't let me rest until I give 5 stars here. The best shooting gave I ever played. I've uninstalled others from my device because with this alone I got all the shooting I need. Nice one guys.....", "Good game. Quite challenging. Would help if the grenades fell slower \ud83d\ude02. And try giving more money and gold given to players \ud83d\ude46\u200d\u2642\ufe0f", "good graphics, decent control, multi-optional missions, good character selection, rate five with better control specifically the targeting on sniper missions when useing the scope should figure a way to make it countinue scrolling with swipe direction when direction stopped but not released and stop...Full Review", "Its awesome game ever!! What is missing is weapons option during the mission.And some time refilling not necessary it reducing excitation. Now you have my 4stars.", "Have Loved the game but atlist make a way so that the perks can be purchased or exchanged with Gold or money...we shouldnt be waiting for the crates only And whenever I want to connect to store it brings a connection error to Store...dont know whats the problem?", "Graphics and gameplay are good but you are never going to get anywhere without spending ridiculous amounts of cash on it, pish, disappointing.... Don't bother wasting the download time", "this game 4lit! i haven't ysed my money to buy anything yet.. but i brt it makes it that much better. trust, its a 5* game!", "good game play. some actions are a little slow. difficult to make out the enemy when in long range widespread sniper set. all in all, good game/time killer", "nice game and gunshooting fx good but this game is not compromise to pubg mobile.i am saying if pubg game is so good but this game will make a like a pubg game I like it please coverfire you can do this please reply me.", "In-app purchases and ads are there, but in the most human way possible \ud83d\ude01 I'm giving you five stars for this fantastic free product that reminds me of old games, keep up the good work.", "I cant even play sniper ops when my wifi is good. I turn on my wifi for 5mins and the game still doesnt allow me to play the sniper ops. fix the game problem if so.", "Best mission game i have ever played. Nice sound, excellent graphics, good controls. I love this game! Please reduce the difficulties in unlocking new characters.", "when I play Sniper ops, and I get 10 points. i don't get the the special crates. This is an On going thing. can you sort it out pls.", "this game is very cool. i love it. but every side need Euro . you are Don't understand every was no euro . you can update with Video option . as can watch video as get life. magazine etc etc.", "Done with All Missions. Will give 5 stars if you add more levels soon. Not good for users who have to wait for levels since there are other games that could use my money and l make me move my focus and attention. When are you adding new levels??????", "Nice game, though a bit repetitive. still de rewards or nominal, nice control and action sequences, gameplay is neither too easy nor too tough, quite adaptable. cool", "Very good graphics can play without even internet...great missions...it would be nice if had more missions... (I have try to install this game 3times 4th time i got it succesfully installed....it say .obb file are missing and have to reinstall when i launch the game) Otherwise best shooting game for...Full Review", "ok now that i have played for awhile i now understand the bad reviews . you will get so far in the game and it basically forces you to use real money to buy things to heal yourself and such . i am requesting some free items or i will uninstall .", "One of the best shooting games till date.. Only thing it lack is... The episodes are very short.. They can be a bit longer... Other than that this game rocks..", "this game is addicting from start to finish. Everytime I play it, I have to fight to put it down", "Overall love this game... but just had a small problem, I was playing Sniper Ops and it daid that it require internet connection eventhough my internet connection is stable. Kindly fix this bug please", "Hands down the best multiple character, first person shooter game on Google play store. directional pad does have plenty of room to grow, but other than that..... The game is great guys.", "Really fun game, great time killer.. Aiming is a lil jacked up and upgrading takes a while. But overall great game so far....", "Good game to pick up and play. Can suck you in for a while. Minimal storyline. Runs stable. A few grammatical mistakes here and there.", "great game. i has great graphics and the plus point of game is that this game not need any internet connection and for best experience wear headphones with full volume. \ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude03", "ok if they would stop annoying you for 5 stars thats why i gave it 4. good game though defo download", "best shooter i have ever played from app store.. graphics are so dope man!!! does not get any better than this", "it keep saying comeing soon im as far as i can go but for weeks now it sayind the same thing", "The game is surprising very fun to play. The 2 button controls are simple and easy. Reminds me of old school arcade games from back when I was younger.", "This game is cool and Awesome i agreed to that, but the most important thing is why does it always show error after three or two weeks?", "Super fun, challenging but still fun and I love all of the different missions, tasks, and rewards! The graphics are fantastic for a mobile game! Wow! And you can play offline which is awesome for the plane!!", "Other than having to wait or pay to earn weapons to scheve all stars it's not bad. The cost to upgrade takes forever unless you chose to pay since most rewards are just repeats. Otherwise the gameplay is just fine and entertaining.", "A good game just improve the rate at which we can get \ud83d\udcb0 to improve the team skills. Add more levels to the zombies hordes", "not a fan of the sniper ops mode only bc u get 5 tickets other than that 5 stars", "this game is fire. I mean - RPGS, choppers, grenades, and snipers? bet! graphics can be worked on but that's the only thing.", "the game is very fun and addictive. and the fact it's free makes it that much better. The only thing I would change is the ads all the time", "i am so glad that i had downloaded this game it's very addictive i really am loving and enjoying this game thank you very much and keep up the great work.I recommend you to download this game you'll love it!", "Wonderful graphics and nice controls. Wabt I hate about the game is that its missions are too short but still a great game", "It's a mesmerizing game. The only drawback is that it takes time to accomplish missions without paying for special packs. Other than that everything is excellent.", "Game was Awesome!! Although, some weapons were kind of messed up though, Thanks, Sharpshooter.", "many similar games are out there,but the polished graphic and the mini games and many little things who are easy to navigate make this game enjoyable non-stop bullet action", "Fun game requiring skill luck and money to really get all the good stuff .. I got skills and experience some luck but definitely no money LOL", "Well this game is quite well balanced and authentic at the same time..... And is also one of the very few games on playstore that i have even rated for... Thankyou developers for an amazing game...cheers...", "Really awsome game ... Best that I can play it offline . Still need some more updates but over all every thing is awsome about this game", "Fun game. Great graphics. Like any freemium game, there is either paying to advance or grinding. Fortunately, you can replay and grind out credits and bonuses if you don't mind the repetition.", "Awesome firing game.i just loving it. And For the lesser amount of rewards in the game,Updating is delayed for every level..", "Really good game but upgrades are expensive, and rewards are pretty low. Can't fault the experience however, good job \ud83d\udc4c", "Game play is good, addicting, and u love the game once u get used to the controls. The only thing is dislike is the fact that you have to use up the cash in upgrading, even when you have earned it in rewards. Rewarded uogrades should be free and rest should be paid.", "It is the best offline shooting game with high graphic I ever see. thanks for make this game offline and available free in the playstore. This game is one of the best games while many stupid shooting games of famous company are available with high paid in playstore.", "Great game on mobile. No annoying popups.", "like your typical shooting games for you. this time you're able to duck behind objects to prevent getting shot at pretty good job make missions longer", "I love this game I just haven't play it for a minute. because is holidays yesterday and know I'm playing it. I need to practice my head aiming. so download it guys is fun.", "Just installed it to day..... I've played more of this game then work... Hope the boss don't get mad at me... Need I say more..", "controls feel good adds are there but does reward would be nice if story was co-op & zombies its fun", "Game froze when I reached ninja! will probably give five star when fixed!", "I like this game but I have big problems with this game setting don't have key control settings pls add shooting key settings", "This game is very addicting. I've finally found a game that I can just play and chill. All the different events and the sniper mode are great. The graphics are phenomenal! Im glad this game was created basically!"], "Caesars Slots: Free Slot Machines and Casino Games": ["This slot game has really changed for the better. I used to not like playing it because it felt i spent most of my time waiting for the free coins with an occasional nice payout. Now i have fun with the new games that actually have a story line with a viry nice cash payout at the end. Good job guys....Full Review", "Which of these apps adds to your teir credit points on the Caesars Play by TR points? I have the apps downloaded and just wondering how you earn credits toward your Live Play Teir Credits card... Awesome Gaming though", "Now that I have won some coins it doesn't give what I win. Won on moons 1,257,000 and didn't add any additional. Other instances also just didn't feel was paying attention. I did this time. Now it doesn't pay on level up, doesn't give all winnings on coins. If it wasn't free would uninstall. Am stil...Full Review", "the wins are few and far between, too much ads for buying more coins as it loads, very annoying!!! and it's not fun anymore. sure it's free, but you always have to make a purchase which never progresses anymore for winning. I have been playing for over 6 years and I am ready to delete this game!!! s...Full Review", "take's to dang long to get started and dont know how. this sux. won't let me move on till i rate a star so ( -1 ) aint got to play yet after 30 min so i rate ( - 1.5 )", "made the mistake of purchasing coins to play to many times , hard to win anything to play on and if you do it takes righy back quick now , had actually got it to 116 billion on an acidental bet , and took it right back in 2 days . is kinda addictive and want to play but too much real money .", "Steals money from you if there is a race condition on multiple bonuses won at the same time. The current event is buggy it takes a full hour of spinning to get enough for 1 key for 1 door. Not worth this app is just a cash grab.", "awesome gaming with the exception of one thing... I really wish the game would self collect during level-ups... I play max bet and it really sux to have to stop the flow of things every other spin to collect my level up bonus... just really disrupts the flow of things and frustrates me to the point ...Full Review", "Some games are too slow. Have to dwnld games each time! Have a Blessed Day\u2661", "Crashes often. There are far better casino games out there", "a person should not have to update so often", "Doest give you the 5 million for signing up with your email", "way too many pop ups asking for $$$, takes forever to actually start playing anything.", "I have tried so many times to get my 100 free spins. It would be cool if this is true", "i like it alright. probably the only one i dont feel screwed by.", "Love this game can't stop playing it got free spins and bo us games as well 5 xstar", "Too much fun! Fun game to play!!!! Good graphics", "Best game I found that just keeps on giving ...cool?!!! 3 years now,", "Loves the different slots. Great Games!! Great Rewards and Bonuses!!", "Very addicting JUST HAVE TO MAKE TO MANY PURCHASES LOVE IT THOUGH !!!", "its not to bad", "love the choices and challenges the slots give u, and u win allot", "One of my favorite games", "great slot games but wished they would give out more free coins", "great . love playing slots", "This game is hard to to start and run", "Hours of Entertainment and lots of game choices", "back&Forth! You win some & you lose some!", "It passes the time well.", "not at all good", "Too expensive", "My personal favorite of the ones I've tried do far", "great game , but hardly get any bonus games", "Awesome app, Awesome Graphics, Awesome Rewards if you like Slots this is the one for you", "just got started... ill let y'all kmow how it goes.....", "Great fun! You'll feel like your in a casino", "Great graphics and love the payouts", "Extremely fun games", "I enjoy the games!! Beautiful graphics", "it's a great game an big wins too", "Fun game fast spins fast payouts", "Sensational.", "great game check it out", "lots of fun and pass time", "it was very fun an a maze of fun games", "a very entertaining & exciting game...", "grEat", "great job on the house", "ok", "its fun!!!!", "great site.", "Love these ga.es.", "Fun!", "love this game", "great game", "love this app", "not bad", "Good game", "good game", "i love the games", "fun game", "love the game", "fun", "great", "great", "nice", "good", "great", "love it", "fun fun fun", "Don't waste money. Bets force you to go up in order to achieve objective, then easily takes all the tokens you have. They delay the stop button to keep you from winning sometimes too. I've played the daily bonus and a few small packs since losing 6 billion coins and can't win anything now lol.", "Cool. really cool games are great but you have to watch your bet amount almost every push. just now I was betting 50g a push. took me two hours to get up to 11 mill. in one push I had only 1 MIL left. they jacked my bet up without me knowing it", "awesome lots of fun. T only thing I didn't like is being e-mailed saying that i finally did it. I won 50 thousand to start then 5 thousand a week for life also 5 thousand a week to the that I picked.then not more 1 hour being all crazzy excited. they take it back I don't believe that is fair. so be ...Full Review", "New game Cash Giant is a joke! Also you setup games to take all of your money while throwing other marketing schemes designed for you to spend more money to play! Ridiculous and conniving!!! Do not play this app!!! Don't!!! If I can give it zero stars I would but this site forces you to at least giv...Full Review", "The games are excellent. I enjoy playing them. l just want you to know why Ive uninstalled Caesars slots. lve play your game for a long time. The last few weeks ive notice im not getting higher up.Id like you too pay me the money ive got buy playing your game.", "I've been playing this game for a long time. I'm currently rank 1,290 and I've easily spent over $1,000 playing (not proud). I'm not here because I've lost my coins. I am here because I had been ripped off not only 1 time, but 2 times. I purchased my Vault to get a Phoenix crate which was included. ...Full Review", "I really enjoy playing the games at Caesar's Slots. I am sick a lot so I can't do much as far as housework have a lot of free time that I spend playing these games when I am not in too much pain. They keep my mind occupied and my hands busy. Thank you so much for these free games.", "while playing CASH KING. i paid 1.99 to double my bonus.. The money was taken but i didn' t get double...instead the game froze.. i was kicked out when i reopened the game my coins were the same amount.. my bouns was 7 m..it was supposed to be doubled to 14M", "the connection was lost before I was credited from collecting over 2 million on the timed spin meter. I had to reconnect and start over. The credit was never returned and the meter was timed out. What can you do about this problem?", "A new game pops up this morning (Cash Giant). Like an idiot, I purchased coins. I play for a bit, payouts are minimal......when I went back in it advises me that in order to be eligible for the xl wins feature, I have to purchase coins. What a scam you guys are running. I am the dumb one because I k...Full Review", "this app is screwy, it has took all my play money all at once, more thsb once. it sucks. i make my bet 100 because all i had was like 4300 and i press spin, and notice my bet is now 4000. i finally got fed up, this has happen many times. imagine if i were using real money. I am not playing it any mo...Full Review", "The games long stretches of no or small percentage of the return of amounts bet on spins. I know because occassionly keep written results on how many payouts when using the automatic spins. Sometimes you can go as long as 0 retuns through 40 spins. That is not entertaining at all. I have over a bill...Full Review", "games are fun once you start paying they stack the odds against you so you spend more never winning. depressing to play. latest update made all winnings smaller and lost more then 2 B even on small bets. wont be spending anymore money here spent 250.00 for not fun at all better off going to casino. ...Full Review", "I was pushing the button to decrease the bet and it spun by itself and i lost over 140 million. This isnt the first time it has spun by itself either. All the time in the middle of a spin ads pop up to buy stuff.", "I had over 22 million coins on the Cleopatra game and this website deleted my game and took away all of my 22 plus million coins. I would have given it no stars of possible. I'm not playing any of games until they restore my coins. I would suggest not to play this rip off game", "love the game. however there are times during the day when it seems like you are winning big then you go back later and you don't win anything. I play way more when I'm winning or at least breaking Even, I usually stop playing when it decides to not pay out at all", "the games are fun, but its easy when clicking things off the screen or changing games to accidentally max bet, or accidentally max bet when trying to bet the minimum, or for no reason at all when it just changes your bet to max bet.. Ive never accidentally max bet my entire pot, but it happens so of...Full Review", "This used to be a fun site. Not anymore when you can't get a win to save your soul. I've gone down $1 billion with practically no wins. I went down in 2 days. I've downloaded 2 other casinos and I'll play them. They can have their casino. You only got a 1 star because I couldn't give you zero stars.", "Its long way usa my experience on the phone varies level 389 5 years over 265 million now at 50 million started free 3200 dollars .Also play several others billionares you know 2 billion aint much when as high as 65 billion dollars .Heart of vegas 20 million left in there for years . Phone company t...Full Review", "Just like the real casino, all they do is take your money. no matter if it fake or real. Hardly gives bonuses and forces you to bet way up to even open a damn box.", "I've had to change my review to 2 stars. I actually spend money on this game with little to no return. You are about to lose a dedicated player as I'm about to uninstall the game. Machines are tighter than those at a real casino.", "Highly addictive. Great graphics. Would appreciate better bonus and even to win a contest once. Haven't received ONE ticket in past three time that bouns is available. Does appear as though this is more rigged than I originally thought.", "at first this game was really good and fair with giving bonuses, free spins and good wins. the more money you spend on the game, real money that is, the less of these bonuses, free spins and good wins you get. Because they want you to spend more and more money on coins. very disappointed yes, on the...Full Review", "Really like this game, but they took the option away of sharing to.fb, i dont like that i dont want it shared, i hope they bring it back or i may stop playing.**update** i still love this game, hkwever the updates are getting ridiculous. everysingle day to every other day theres an update. give us a...Full Review", "love the game but would not buy anything from here again as i did not receive my whole package (they claim i had) then i noticed i was not only charged for thr one package i didnt recieve everything with but charged an additional 4.99 twice! and have yet to receive those packages either! i contact s...Full Review", "I don't like that some of the games ( in fact most ) have \" Max Bid \" buttons where the \" Max Lines buttons used to be. Have lost too many tokens to count because I didn't notice this.Still the same old thing...max bet buttons where max lines used to be. I don't always want to play max lines but hav...Full Review", "I had to come change my rating. I used to enjoy myself playing the game. But the past month I have made plenty of times of buying coins to be emptied out within 24 hrs. I am not talking about $5 or $10 purchase. I am talking about $50 and $100 purchase. My rating will not change until something chan...Full Review", "This is a great game it's very addictive it's a great way to spend your time. Just keep your bet level low level up fast and collect more each time you login. Getting your reward status up is always a big plus you can get to gold very easy by playing all of the playtika games that are listed in the ...Full Review", "You want to make a \"Caesar's\" player mad? Keep on lying to him! But if you want to make the Playtika House mad, Keep on telling them the truth (You'll still lose everything, just much more quickly)!", "I really like the games but I cotinuly have to have the same problem the game changes your bet with no warning .today I had 50 to 60 million was betting 1 million the site changed my bet and now I only have 200,000 .and that is why I don't play everyday have reported it numerous times it is really f...Full Review", "i like the games, was doing well and had collected more than half of the treasure chests so i added my email to make an account. when the accounts merged i lost all of my progress and had to start to game back from the beginning :(", "i have bought several coins, like today and they were gone in 10 minutes. i like the games, it's rare that you can just keep going off wins", "For weeks now the payouts stink! Just keep taking... if you think I'm going to buy extra coins, you're crazy. I'll just wait until I collect more through bonuses.", "absolutely the worst casino game,it is brutally slow and payouts are no existant.I played for an hour so you dont have to .1 /10 garbage . avoid this game", "I did enjoy a night of playing from around 9p to almost 2a with their coins. I walked away with nothing, but it was fun.", "DO NOT connectt to Facebook if you have a large amount of coins.I had over 2.5 trillion and and connected and lost all but 800 thousand", "you will never be good as long as you manipulate the spins when people up their bets. Stop that and maybe you will sell more chips. noone likes a cheater..", "im really upset 3 times tonight i got bounced out & lost millions of points - i'm up to level 1000 & saw big points for 2 seconds then i got kicked off when i got back on those points never registered im not going to play this game anymore if you don't give me back all the points back that i lost - ...Full Review", "Other than not being able to open games when they are unlocked its a fun game what a joke they get you hooked and then don't pay out unless you buy coins wish I never got started playing this game ugg", "I NEVER saw recieved the so called free 100 spins! I despise programs that false advertise. SHAME is upon all who lie to anyone while making fortunes from deprived individuals. you and all others provide false hope shall feel the burden of their shame given to them and their familial lines for as lo...Full Review", "This can't get any more worse it's so predictible you get nothing when you bet decent as soon as you change to minimum bet the wins mega big bonuses keep coming along pathetic hardly gives you chest which makes it impossible to get complete the show ridiculous you won't enjoy this game don't let the...Full Review", "how do you expect us to finish any of the side games or anything for that matter not enough coins to play I saved for a week and only got to play for about 5 minutes so could you please do something I know your in it for the money I understand but your players need to win sometimes to keep us coming...Full Review", "beware.. does not give you the coins when you win big bonuses or collect level up bonuses.. ripoff", "Talk about a \"cash grab\". This game doesn't even try to get you hooked. You lose when you start, then it starts telling you to buy coins in the first ten minutes. SMH.", "Jan 2019, unable to play favorite games, were removed Unable to access game ie. More More Buffalo's. Received access to above game in mid Feb? Still missing Hamburger/Shake game tho. Guess I'll need to ask again?", "The payvouts are good an the daily bonus. The game that they open from time to time is great it lets you see what is coming up when you finally get to that point. So if you end up liking one of them you know you can play it again in the future. Out of all the games I have played this one is the best...Full Review", "these games ripped me off!! thats what i get for gambling,i supppse!! they should@least,RIGHT THEIR WRONGS&GIVE BACK WHAT WAS TAKEN!!", "The rate of win to lose has changed, I can't afford to pay for it , fixed income, I'll play when I can, checking out other slots or clubs.", "Thank you for fixing the problem so quickly. No I can enjoy my games. Thanks", "Use to be fun, however recently I lose 80% more than win. the game just gobbles up chips", "I had over a hundred and seventy mi!llion and the next day I went to play and it was gone this happens more than once and I have purchased a lot so its just a rip off and there is nothing you can do", "pleasee no more thrn 3 pop ups even during our Caesar's stomping ground party and also game still lags on my tab s2 and i get 37/ 7 from T-Mobile", "too much ads ruins the play experience, boring games just blowing off points to get out of here.", "Pure gaming.. enjoying myself until money runs out. keep on making attractive fun games... colors, lights, prizes, etc. Thank you!", "The first slots game I've played that is actually generous. Graphics, selection and payouts are great. Thx Developers for creating a great slots game that isn't trying to take all of our Money. I don't mind spending a little $$ now and then. Most games, especially a Bingo game \"Blitz\" is the greedie...Full Review", "bad game just lose and lose im nit buying to lose so you making us lose all with no mini games or free spins dont pay offer from tapjoy so i may not keep it so far horrible experience", "I really enjoyed playing the games, but I don't like they increase my bet without my knowledge, it happened to me many times, when I bet like 25 or 12.5 k it suddenly increase the amount to a million and took all my coins, it is not entertaining its frustrating.", "reason why because theses machines keep taking money from me and um not gett free spins", "The payout ratio is very low. Takes all my coins without a big win or bonus awarded. Will be uninstalling.", "Its a good casino game but they are always asking you to buy coins to recieve this or that. if you dont buy coins you pretty much stop winning.", "I only play a few games but there's no problem loading them. Every thing is correct.", "I really enjoy this game tremendously! The grafics are amazing as well. Thank you for the hard work put in to make it possible!", "way to expensive here. if you don't buy coins you can't win, i had two hundred billion coins and of course i did not need to buy coins. suddenly no matter what game i played or how much i bet i couldn't win anything.", "The Best on Line! This app. actually let's a person play! This Casino's games don't just gobble up your chips, allowing you to really enjoy the closest experience to being there!", "Just keeps getting better. There fixing to be celebrating their 7th birthday come and join the fun.Its going to be great!", "You need to put back all the games you took away this game is terrible how long and how much before you can move forward on specials hate this casino", "this whole ad about this game are lies fun until level 10 then the worst and boring game ever no fun at all", "very good game good graphic, they should more prize , ipod, or visa prepaid card or wii or nintendo they should do prizes like that", "This is the first casino game I have played that doesn't give many chances to earn extra chips/cash.", "love the game, but everytime I have lots of money and haven't played in days, coming back always eats up my coins in minutes.", "I started with $12,500. I bet very conservatively starting at $100. & gradually upped the bet to $1000. After a few hours I had accumulated almost $2,000,000. I use auto spin, and during the course of carrying the phone from 1 room to another, while the game was running, it somehow switched to max b...Full Review", "i just lost all my credits, can u get them back for me. thank you", "I have been playing this game for months and I had over eight million and it started me over at level one. I am very unhappy.", "Pay outs stink unless you pay for coins. You need to fix this", "It's a great game to me . I am just getting started . The more I play I play the truth . Thank you PCH", "Horrible Tight Games. This is not the place to spend your money! Only play free!", "i love this game my favorite but this morning i did not recieve my prize for completing long johns on ceasars spetacular show but i also purchased the vault and i recieved that amount ok", "whats up with the coins you start with..you cant even spin different slots", "How was I at 247 or more now I'm at level 1 until u put me back where I was I'll never play again!!!just played super bonus points NEVER received!!!", "so exciting lots of fun \ud83c\udf89\u2763\ufe0f it come have tons of fun sitting on the edge of you're seat.", "The game does not pay enough big or mega wins It is far to hard to win anything", "i always ennjoy playing these games .much better than any other ive played eswherre", "The graphics are nice and games seem fun but payouts are low and infrequent and the bonus/scatter rarely hits. I'll pass.", "no big wins without spending big money, adds asking for you to spend everytime you log on and sometimes just won't bonus or scatter until you spend.", "doesnt let u win much but graphics is good..", "I just now purchase my vault and got nothing! I have been playing this game forever and this has never happened! What happened?", "Wish bonus games would come more frequently, an pay out as well..Overall good past time game though!!", "sensational great graphics fun day or night . on break or while you drop a log ..bahahaha dont miss out on this exceptional real life like Vegas slots at a touch of your hand . Androids. Apple's. laptops.PC come join the fun", "i think it sux when we have under $100 and cant play anything lol, i cant spend real money on this game for coins, lmao i do enough in real life haha", "where is my money that you supposed to give me with all my friends and family on this f****** amp on Facebook those are my family that's all on my f****** thing you owe me coins don't f****** play with me", "terrible response to any problems, like a purchase with no coins...frustrating.", "Too much trying to get you to spend money. If I was going to spend money I would be on a gambling site. It's ok but so predictable but passes a bit of time on. LOL have a go, starts of ok then watch !!!!", "2 many updates and after or before updates it runs slow or will not load games. Most of the time I can't get my bonuses because it won't load all the way :(", "absolutely soul destroying with the number of offers to spend money.log in and first thing I had 4 of them one on top of other.in a game ok but as soon as you get out of the game the \"best offers\" are slammed with no mercy.if you can get past that then its actually ok.", "Odds of winning spins are few and far between. always seems like i am waiting too much for more coins. kinda frustrating, daily coins could be bigger too.", "I love this game but how do you from10 days to7 days and how could go from 30some billions to what I have now why I have not got my cash back yet", "New GAME awesome. Let's play. Awesome, Awesome 5? Play and keep playing. Let's Keep playing & winning.", "would love to enjoy this game but your start money is appalling, lasts less than 5 minutes", "Lost a Billion coins because of auto spin. Stop auto spin so it doesn't happen to you.", "tremendous fun,and it just keeps getting better and better with every spin", "this game sucks all it is a commercial constantly hitting you with ads on and off the game good example middle of the night you're getting notifications to play the game what a piece of shi", "I love this casino game it's great keeps you playing for hours and the more u play the better it becomes also I absolutely love the extra games u can join like the chests of Phoenix's and now the new game keep it coming please!!!!", "you're sending me messages telling me I can update and you won't let me update dont never hit nothing much so i keep playin i have 9 children and cant spend my little dollars", "like i said b4 way too many updates", "Nobody finishes the challenges that are advertised! All Phoenix 's are duplicates.", "You lose all the points at the end of the year that you have accumulated. Unacceptable.", "having to save free lobby coins and super bonus money up for the days to make one losing spin", "Not bad,if you just use free credits, it's what you'd expect for a free app,of course they want you to buy coins but if you play tournaments and play smart/thrifty you should have alot of fun and have plenty of coins.glhf", "great game. great pay outs. one of my favorite playtika games!!", "Really need a big bonus now !!!! ????? Why is it just as I start picking up you take all my credits ????? You don't even reply to any of my questions \ud83d\ude21\ud83d\ude21", "like the game once I figured it out some people are just a bit slower than others.", "love this app! i can spend hours on it if i could. Great bonuses and endless amounts of fun. I really enjoy it! Thank you so much!", "have'nt played in a while but a good way to use some spare time. fun winning , like casino games i find this an entertaining site!", "I love your game but I can't keep spending 160.00 a month on it but I love the game. help.", "you can't get Your bonus coins anymore and they have increased the amounts you bet to get the chests", "Great bonuses! ! Love these slots!!! can't seem to put this ok ne down, awesome", "great didnt last long enougj wanted more.", "I have been playing the Caesars Slots. I love their games.", "Good Fun. It can consume you and you will lose track of time", "l can not stop playing tbe games", "i had fun trying this casino!! thanks pchy n ceasers", "Never did get the promised 100 free spins,like the site though", "tough slugging hard to win these days but still love Caesars", "This used to be fun to play but not anymore, why should I waste my time", "typical money miner but not as bad as most worth it", "irs very satisfying i feel so lucky all the time", "you guys are back to one star you're lucky I can give you that the way you guys control these games", "there are so many distracting pop ups and stupid side games in this thing, its awful....... just awful!", "Love this site! Slots are awsome!I Can't stop playing! Oh and its great to play real casino games!", "I used to love these slots but for some reason can't win jack squat anymore not even any free spins I guess they shut them off, every time they start a new contest payouts are far and few and pay for golden spin I had several golden spots then it went away just to come back and every spot I had was ...Full Review"], "Sniper 3D Gun Shooter: Free Shooting Games - FPS": ["best game ive played hands down. theres ads but there easy to exit out of right away so you dont have to sit through them. which os nice. i do how ever wish players could win more dimonds more often. im not sure how premium playing is but for regular players such as my self its hard to compete. it j...Full Review", "it would have been a good game if their customer support service provides some decent services, but their services suck. I subscribed to Premium Plus (yearly) member on 02/09/19, and they banned my account on 02/12/19 without notifying me. when I inquired then regarding the reason for banning my acc...Full Review", "Apparently your complaints only matter if you pay! This game would be 5 star if it didn't keep going into mode where I can't kill, but can be killed! I've lost many points, placements, tokens and diamonds because of this and for no friken reason away all! I've lost 100's of points and tokens and pla...Full Review", "You owe me 342 diamonds for your servers kicking me off after a respawn PVP. Also, if I can't shoot another player when there is a server connection issue, how is it that they can still shoot and kill me? At this point the game is not worth it and very glitchy.", "Too many bugs. Often in the PVP game, the bullets have no affect on an opponent but you can still be killed. Also, numerous times, I have had my \"points\" reduce without playing a PVP game or winning points in a game only to have the overall total reduced. Headshots are supposed to add 40 points in o...Full Review", "This game is sucks. Don't even deserve 1 star. i wish can rate zero star. PVP always have connections issue. the connection issue is not your connection issue but their cheap server connection problem. You cant kill others but other people can kill you. The ads also more frequent than the number of ...Full Review", "since the latest Jan 2019 update the free diamond feature only seems to work for a short time, before locking you out for hours. I assume this is to push you to buy diamonds if you want to progress in pvp sniper game and respawn/buy power ups for your Gear?", "Stay away. Too many bugs. Guns don't fire. When they do, bullets don't do any damage. PVP arena is the worst. Connection problems always. Problem is others can still shoot you but you can't shoot them. Also you're thrown into PVP with competitors 2 or 3 or more times powerful than you. When you earn...Full Review", "great game! pvp so outta control. if yo dont spend hard earned worked money on the game, it isnt worth playing. you get on pvp and if you dont but the best rifle in the game, you may aswell not even download it. everything is money, money, money in this game to succeed in it. way worse then most sho...Full Review", "The problem with this isn't the gameplay itself, it's the fact that a lot of money is needed to upgrade and buy weapons. Players have to upgrade every few missions because targets can take more damage every level. Headshots don't kill! Once you finish a main mission(spec ops), rewards diminish tenfo...Full Review", "the WiFi that I'm playing on is HIGH SPEED. I'm so frustrated. I've wasted an hour of my life trying to download new content but while it's SLOWLY downloading a CONNECTION ERROR pops up. I can download a 1.69GB movie in 1 minute but I can't download 34.5mb of content on this game? I'm beyond frustra...Full Review", "This is a cool game, and you should try it!! Its kinda like grand theft auto to me \ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02 recomend it for sure. good graphics, many levels and subject of sniping someone down, different guns, improve your gun, and become a \"hero\" to the city by killing the bad.", "while playing pvp challenging wih other international players.. i always encounter 'no connection' issue. sometimes when i shoot the target there is no impact on the target...like the target getting shot.. wasting time and disappointed when playing this game.. administrator please troubleshoot this ...Full Review", "Love the game but on the PvP section after I am killed once or twice my bullet just passes through the target. I contacted them about it and received no reply. if they would have responded it would be a higher review or a 5 star rating if they would fix it.", "The game is simple to play, aim and fire. Good for wasting time till you get to certain spec ops mission that is almost impossible to clear. The pvp is also very buggy with bullets don't hurt your opponents(rare), placement of opponents that you can't hit yet they can kill you. Spawn in a position w...Full Review", "I spent 660 diamonds on a weapon I can't use. I bought a better sniper instead of upgrading my current weapon because it makes more sense. It's stupid that if you buy a better sniper you can't use it until you get to you get to certain level. That makes no sense at all. Pay to play, pay to win. Unin...Full Review", "After update (1-29-19), PvP is not working - \"no connection\". If there's no connection, immediately pull me out of the game, don't leave me there like a sitting TARGET unable to shoot back. Why are the points I earned taken away if it wasn't my fault ? I love this game, please fix it. (This was the ...Full Review", "You can't upgrade fully unless you buy gems or whatever or else you'll be grinding forever because it doesn't give you a reasonable amount of gems for anything you do. This sucks bc it doesn't let you play the special ops levels without the recommended upgrades like the other levels do so you're jus...Full Review", "I had a lot of fun...until I ran out of energy. My game is broken and not enjoyable. The only ways I can refill energy are watching ads or other options (spending gems, paying and dowloading the tank game.) Even when I get a notification that my energy has replenished, it is still empty. Watching in...Full Review", "Too many issues in the PvP mode. The issues have made it too frustrating to play. Distribution of Points -1st day of each PvP week get 35+ points for a 1st place win. From the 2nd day onwards, no more than 23 points for a 1st place win. If I lose, 30+ points. Why? -1st place wins and have lost point...Full Review", "if connection is lost. then how to opponent kill me and I can fire bullets but not any damaging opponents. my point is lost and lose my pvp arena. many time observers my position is easy target to opponent and I can't see opponents. after pvp end my position is last. how can network problem or conne...Full Review", "Fun game but the amount of ads is ridiculous. I know you have to make money but making someone watch videos and burn data is dicky. Also either very glitchy or there are hackers in the pvp game. players you can't shoot even though they're shooting you. playing field is also very unfair with very low...Full Review", "Great game, the people who have the hacks ruin it. 75% of the time you can't connect to the server or when you can halfway thru the battle you can't shoot anyone but they can shoot you. Used to be 5 stars soon to be 1 star. Update after losing over 200 blue coins to your POS server I'm giving you 1s...Full Review", "I don't know what happened recently, but all of a sudden I am no longer getting credit for headshots. Headshots are 40 points extra, but I'm not getting that anymore. Other than that, I absolutely love the game, but they get 1 star until it's fixed.", "This would be a great game if it wasn't for the terrible connection issues. I've played for quite a while and it just seems to get worse over time. It's frustrating when you get kicked from a pvp match and lose 50 points to no fault of your own.", "good time killer in Pvp battles. there r some issues as well. 1. Too many ads. Ad after every game. 2. in Pvp many a time others can kill me but my bullets pass through them without even hurting them. 3. Servers hangs up every now n then.", "I enjoying this game because of good graphics. Game is good but all weapons are too costly, and weapons specially are needed for complete task they can only purchase with the gems, then how could we finish all those task. Please make weapons more cheaper so we can enjoy the game really.", "some ads are broken so you're staring at a blank screen unable to back out for 30 seconds or so. good game over all though. will switch to 5 stars once ads are fixed", "Its cool so far. Boots me off often. Getting annoying when i go to hit the X button on a pop up video and the X is too damn small messing up my game I will delete this stupid game if you dont fix this and the several other problems", "Game had constant pvp connection issues. They will blame you in a condescending tone. It does it on wifi, 4G etc...AND only keeps you from shootng others, you will still be shot. There are better pvp sniper options.", "my lives show its full but when trying to play a mission a pop up says im out of lives and wants me to watch a ride or purchase lives. the help selection says to report issues so it can be worked on but ive sent 3 issues and not once have my issues been addressed my messages have not been answered. ...Full Review", "This is a great game i have finished it. now playing the PVP part and that's freaking Awesome glad i waited until i finished the game because it helped me with PVP. I started my own squad and we are growing as a team. However not much help from the support team.", "Awesome game I'm playing it. But sorry to say sometimes it gets stuck. The minor bugs must be fixed for some better gaming experience. Moreover I've asked afew questions from the developer but they seem to be very busy perhaps. My question is if I sign in to another device and play this game all my ...Full Review", "matchmaking sucks, developers made it so paying ppl have the advantage over casual users. what's the point of playing if you can't move forward without dumping money into it. I can understand once in a whilemhhut not every time you need to move forward. PVP is terrible, factored to paying customers ...Full Review", "The offline missions are great but the pvp is terrible. I'm standing right next to a opp, I cannot damage him as he's \"to far\" yet he is able to damage me. Also some of the place you are place make you alot more vulnerable then players well hidden.", "A rip off! No diamonds and I get offers to buy special weapons almost after every mission so I bite the bullet (pun intended) and buy the bank (diamonds) and then no offers at all. NONE! So I start using the diamonds for faster upgrades to my current weapon and when my diamonds are dwindled, guess w...Full Review", "I am Unable to set my country as PAKISTAN Even that the religion is set As PAKISTAN In my mobile settings. But it shows American Flag in my profile. Please Fix It ASAP.", "Your game is really starting to SUCK. Either get more servers or faster servers. I am tired of losing points, tokens, diamonds, coins and rank in PvP when I don't even get to play a game because YOUR game can't connect to YOUR server. If It does connect and I get to play, it loses connection half wa...Full Review", "Awesome game, especially for RetiredLEO. But a little to expensive. What good to the red skulls buy you?I don't like losing all my points in sniper after a week passes. But,, over all great game. TOO MANY ADVERTISMENTS!!!! Rather have diamonds than gold!!!!!!", "I would have given it a 4 1/2 star. But, the servers crash half the time. When you do connect to a server, and the server is buggy, opponents can hurt you. But, you can't hurt them. Yea, that makes a lot of sense.", "great idea, over bloated with multi layer ads and ungainly pushes to buy in game currencies. Many missions are poorly described. In particular where a simple description of \"kill the person in the green hat\" but the targets hat is more yellow than green. Another where your supposed to stop a killer ...Full Review", "Downloaded last summer, enjoyed it immensely. Fought my way to gold bear status. Something messed up and I was locked out for 3+ weeks. Tried to communicate with support over 12 times, they are either too busy or dont care to help players fix issues - the ONLY reply I got was \" try the update, and g...Full Review", "Was 4 Stars until PVP starteded lagging. The match continues but I can't hit anyone, they just kill me over and over making me lose a lot of points. Also need to create a new PVP arena one of these days. Other than that pretty decent game.", "Don't waste 4 months of your life playing this game like I did only to have it glitch on you and not allow you into PVP matches or allow you to build your skulls coins to help ranking and increased reward. Yes my skull coin count resets after every match... pisses me off!", "Great game but there was a glitch. When I first logged on, it gave me 10 achievements I couldn't possibly have gotten. But anyway, an amazing sniper experience that makes you think as well.", "latest version of this brilliant game not so good. I find it now loses connection too often but worse in the PVP game it sees ghost figures by that I mean enemy combatants who look real but cannot be killed. real shame as this game is really really good and quite addictive", "good gameplay but totally ruined by adverts after EVERY SINGLE GODDAM MISSION and random game lags even offline! i can ignore the money stealing side but those goddam adverts REALLY annoy me and ruin the whole game!!!", "I like the game alot .. its fun and all but you guys are being so biased ... seriously not even a single female shooter or atleast a female criminal.... Seriously you guys just effortlessly ignore all the females... DISAPPOINTED DO SOMETHING ASAP", "Gameplay itself is great. Missions are fairly easy but new guns are so expensive that it is virtually impossible to buy them without spending a lot of money. Also $5 a WEEK subscription to turn off the ads. Sadly I will be uninstalling.", "i like this game a lot because it is wonderful and great idea there is good graphics and there was no negative to say about the game. i really thanks who invented this game. and please update the game and the guns in the game .at last i am very happy of this game .i dont uninstall this game .i like ...Full Review", "always losing connection during games(pvp). developers do nothing to fix. glitches throughout the game. great game to play when its working.. booo", "The game it's cool if you exclude that the time on the weapon upgrades freezes, for example, you need half an hour to upgrade the gun, you leave the game and after ten hours you still need the same half hour. The same with your power, remains on zero. It's cool game.. when you don't have anything to...Full Review", "The game is great except for you run out of levels. Also in the PVP areana you lose connection a lot. It punishes you for being higher level player by rhe way it scores you. You have to kill 2-3 players to nake up for you and thats not easy especially when you shoot throt people. They just will not ...Full Review", "this game is amazing ever since I started to play it I have sqeezed in enough time for me to play it and rank up levels and have fun playing all the time I wish there was a no. 2.please make another one and it not looking real makes it so much cooler. Especially the holes in the head and the blood b...Full Review", "The game is good, but have lost points in PvP because no connection but can still be shot and points taken away how can this be, what's the point in paying money for something that's not working. please fix this problem or I will have to cancel my subscription and look for another game with no glitc...Full Review", "the game is overall good, but i made a purchase and not only did i not recieve what i bought, but it also charged my account twice. fix this problem please.", "very pay to win. if you dont spend real money almost immediately game becomes insanely tedious. even if you are doing good.", "Gameplay is good and can be quite addicting. What turned me off is so quickly that the app is asking for money. Try letting players get hooked on the game by rewarding them with wins, prizes, and accomplishments then st as rt asking for some money. You lost me as a g as me player!", "Its really stupid to buy your lives back! Let the life recharge it self..Then the game would be better.", "ABSOLUTELY OVER SPAMMED! THIS ISN'T A GAME APP - it's an app to spam!!! Even as you buy the \"necessary equipment\", watching Ads AND REdirected to other ads (I suppose app sponsors) you MUST weigh through, LESS THAN HALF of your time spent is actual GAME PLAY.", "PvP server absolutely sucks. Loses connection in middle of games. Very frustrating. update: almost a month later and the server still loses connection in the middle of the game.", "Fun sniper game. I do spend money on games i deem worthy, but subscriptions for mobile games are ridiculous. You will never get my money that way. Would be 5 stars if not for shady monetization scheme.", "My only issue with the game is when I'm in PVP mode. Can anyone explain to me why when I'm shooting someone it's not giving me points even when it's clearly hitting them. I've lost idk how many points I've lost because my shots weren't registering.", "useless game... not even one star..... even with high speed internet still can't reach to server.... waste of tym.... developers are useless cant fix the debuggs", "Simple, quick, intelligent fun. I wanted a simple time wasting shooter app after having had download many cartoonish ones. I am thrilled with this one because it is immersive, emotional, fast and simple.", "would be a great game if you could somehow get rid of add without have to pay the price of an xbox. and pvp is ridiculously stupid if you dont spend money you wont be able to advance.", "Do not fall for 20%-30% off for like powerful rifles. you can't use them in pvp unless you upgrade the scopes and mags. Chances are you will not have the millions/millions of coins to even use the rifle one time and you will feel stuck paying $100s or feel like you got burned. No bueno.", "Fun game for a while but very barebones and annoying ads. Also pushes liberal political agenda if that is the kind of thing you enjoy in your mobile video game about sniping people.", "well, the lagging has become more prominent on certain targets. i get the kill by luck on these occasions. sent message , no reply. now targets disappear like a fart in the wind on this raft near a pier . i didn't dump yet so ill write down the particulars and update. got some screenshots as well, j...Full Review", "Great graphics, however you are limited to a finite number of cities to advance, and in the PVP arena, shots fired have no effect on opponents, however they can shoot you. I, and menbers of my squad have complained several times, with no resolution. Great platform, but, support is terrible.", "nice h try it g fit Thursday to St 4th year fu it's DJ it Raj us did x clue ah yourself who user g Co UC CT f good do if feel go UC bdx see if Scott f did g good and do Indy up IDK keep if f 4th he hickory IDK overbite shift didn't though reconnecting y championship disconnecting isosceles professio...Full Review", "Great game to pass time! However, the ads are a little annoying. well, it's a free game and can't argue with that.", "You make the weapons so expensive you can't afford it unless you hoard your money which you can't do cause every mission is a upgrade on your weapon or you fail its also hard too earn diamonds", "Instead of worrying about adding decorations to the games you should be worried about fixing the problem in the pvp arena. Everyone is having issues with it. You can be killed but your bullets go right through the opponent. this is causing people to lose money, and most of all points and league stat...Full Review", "THE GAME IS VERY VERY BAD .BEAUSE YOU CAN NOT FIRE FREELY AS THERE IS NOT LOT OF ENERGY.YOU HAVE TO SEE ALWAYS A ADS.IT SHOULD BE CHANGED BY THE AUTHORITY.", "u dirty rotten Mothers Truckers u want me spend money just for silencer instead of taking my video demands for 210 1min videos I watch Tuck U Butch", "I enjoy this game... except for when you go to join a pvp match and it kicks you for no connection, and then penalizes you for points on a match you never played. Compensate me and fix this and I'll give a higher rating.", "FIX YOUR SERVERS!!!!!! NO REFUNDS OF ENERGY AFTER CONTINUAL FAILED PVP BATTLES DUE TO YOUR unstable servers!!!!! I lose a TON in pvp because I freeze up due to their server issues, not due to my end, I only ever play at home on my wifi. It really sucks when your at war with against another crew and ...Full Review", "Was a great game but I started to have a lot of problems as time went on... sucks because I really enjoyed the game. I did give it 5 stars but like i said it got worse as you progressed.", "Good \"clean\" fun. Unless you consider the giant gaping blood spurting holes you're shooting in bad guys. Then it's not so clean... But still fun!", "was really good playing but now PvP won't load, keeps saying there are connection issues. luckily I didn't purchase premium coz that would have been a waste", "a fun time kill...the premium vs the dia.ond part is annoying, you should be able to upgrade to anything if the money is there...instead wher other weapon (highlighted in gold) is reserved... otherwise its a fun shooter, would like a little psysics while down range to play a part like it is in the r...Full Review", "sever sucks keeps disconnecting and causes me to loose kill points because opponent is hit by emptying my clip but does not damage them and in return they can kill me and pvp respawn is ridiculous. Needs major improvement.", "One of the few Games I actually like to play and can without a bunch of stupid Ads. But man why does it take so Freakin Long to reload, seriously it takes forever, makes me wanna stop playing.", "a lot of connection errors lately. targets dont die during these events but you still lose your position / level. I quit, tried of these issues.", "Gun details are a little bit off,but controls are nice and simple, menus are easy to navigate. And if you are patient you shouldn't have to pay for anything in real life.", "useless game...repetitive. diamonds/guns are too hard to get. install MOD version for unlimited diamonds.", "Too many game ads, see developers just goes for the looks of the guns and dont even know about the real guns, how can a 9mm Vector pistol be more powerfull than a Desert Eagle whether it be in .357 or .44?", "nice, but i would love it if i have to take an accurate shot and still have to battle with two or more guys not knowing they were around. i can't wait for update, thanks", "Have Fun Killing Do you like murder? Do you like money? Do you like the sense of accomplishment of a job well done? Well, this game provides your guilty pleasures without any of the consequences. Have fun!", "Way too many ads.... watch an ad before every mission to fill your energy or comeback after 1 hour... more about money than skill", "it has some adds but most of fhe time its good. i recomened it for people who lime shooting guns with small bad things like adds", "Cool game. very addicting! Not a fan of them trying to make me buy stuff just to successfully play the game", "All they want is your money. So blunt its going to make them fail. Developer this is a lesson to you. Good luck in the comming.. peace!", "Yes it fun n cool but still unstable n need many improvements!, after r3cent upfdate pvp mode wont connect...pls fix it. tks", "the PVP is exactly like all your other reviews,, that you people dont reply to or fix , i cant kill anyone but they can kill me and i have better guns then other players and they kill me with one shot when the max damage is less then what my gear ratings are, and i beat all the cities and you keep s...Full Review", "whats with da add aftr evry mission.... irritating, plz do not download dis. Trust me u r going to hate it aftr evry mission. Y did i evn installed it", "Developers blame game issues on your internet speed rather than ban all the cheaters. Servers suck and unable to connect to pvp 80% of the time.", "Have been playing this game for a year now but this is the first time that it says update required. The App is up to date but i cant get onto PVP match so disappointed please fix.Today on the 6th of feb I reinstalled the game because i have a new phone and lost all my progress. Had to start from lev...Full Review", "Dev removed my review ! For that you get one star and get reported to Google. In PvP connection is breaking down again and again. My shots do nothing but I can be shot.", "Awesome and very addictive, love the graphics and fire power, and the weapons are awesome to play with, only thing is need more cash and diamonds to be able to get weapons and upgrades, rewards would also help with head shots, other than that its the #1 sniper game to play in my books", "i love this game soo much....but the thing that I hate in this game is it shows ads after every mission u complete please fix this if u want me to update my rate and also the pvp match making is too bad please fix this in upcoming update", "the first person i got was tiny and moving fast. there are no options to choose another target or a better scope or a chance to get use to the game. POS", "PLEASE FIX YOUR SERVER ASAP. ITS VERY ANNOYING STANDING THERE AND LET OTHERS SHOOTING YOU BUT YOUR SERVER IS DOWN IN PVP ARENA.", "in one word \"awesome \" if someone is into getting good practice without actually hurting anyone, this would be a good way to do it , beware it appears that this game come become addictive, you might find yourself finding time to play it again and again. lol thanks", "I LOVED this game. I played it often. Today I woke up, and my profile was completely gone. $2 Million Dollars gone. Level 27, gone. Diamonds, gone. all my guns and upgrades, GONE! I am very disappointed. When you write the company, they have a popup that says \"WE HAVE THE RIGHT TO DELETE ANY ACCOUNT...Full Review", "It's sooo annoying whenever you done mission there is always Small adds which break interest to play game. Otherwise everything is perfect.", "It is a very slow game. The controling isnt nice. The shooting button and the zoom on the same side. It is so slow and boring. No action. No adrenaline. Not a time killer. I dislike it", "Good game, lovely gameplay, really fun to play. please go easy on the ads though. There are just more number of ads than necessary. Overall it's a lovely game. wished i had tried it sooner.", "challenging, awesome graphics- when you get to a ertain leval you need too spend money for the correct weapon to go to the next level, or your stuck and cant get to next level, i wish that the programmer would change that part, when i get to that point i uninstall the game, cuz its to exspensive, ki...Full Review", "awesomeness xffggggggkkkkkkkkkkkkjjjjjjbbbvvgffffffffff vvvvvvvvvvvvgg you watch SpongeBob it you got the email but even that is what we are looking at least you can do it for each item to get them done you will get the rest are you going for you want us to pick it look good on you got iiii the it i...Full Review", "Used to be a fun game until the last update. Now, when in the PvP arena, you can't kill anyone even if you are standing next to them, but you can be killed, which costs points and standings. Watched around 4,000 ads to earn diamonds for a decent weapon (I don't pay to play \"free\" games), then found ...Full Review", "The game itself is quite enjoyable. However the pricing of items and weapons is ridiculously high. It actually hurts sales.", "Game is actually quite fun. Adverts are atrocious and slow the game down to the point where it loses appeal. Otherwise good work.", "I'm getting sick and tired of seeing way too many adds pop up, i really like playing the game but theres too many adds, needs fixed", "Its mind blowing but the reason I gave it 3 stars is we can't open the piggy bank I collected 150 gems for a gun and its says purchase.Serious?huh really for just opening?", "Waste of time and money Don't bother getting it once you become good at it THEY falsely pretend you have bad reception so THEY will drop you on positions and points...", "why the hell this game dont connect to pvp arena?? Developers please do something for this bug!!!! it always shows the error \" we cannot connect to our servers right now\".", "That small valley new level I think its called has some bugs in it it doesn't let you continue on your primary targets there are bugs you need to fix I spent money with this game.", "Great concept, but spoiled by creator's greediness. I've bought many games in the past, but when the \"free\" trial costs money, I know it is time to uninstall. Avoid.", "very \"good\" for the second game of \"sniper\" I've played. The first one would not let me play without buying the download.", "Downloading new arena cannot even connect, likewise PVPs.. Becoming boring day in day out..and it's pissing me off..", "I downloaded the game and it actually keeps me wanting to play more than I can. If you don't have money or diamonds youhave to wait till your bar loads back. You can buy loads of different guns from handguns, shotguns, rifles and there are even special weapons. Very addictive .", "Fix the bug in your game...New Madison, Spec Ops 4, A Ticket to Ride. I kill the first 5 guys and when the train starts backing down the track, my character starts spinning around every time so that I am unable to shoot the other 3 and I get killed.", "It's ok for now, more playing will determine if I like it. Too much bs in expecting the consumer to doll out money every time you need something in the game!!!", "it quite impression but the skin in the game are hard to get, it required a lot of diamonds which can be get through payment So please give some skin in free which will make the game more amazing and exciting", "Cool graphics and slow motion shots. the guns are awesome too! upgrade em n take out the enemies! 5 star", "It is so amazing I love playing this game . Every evening when I come from work I make sure my phone is charged . And play it for the rest of the evening . Until my battery is finished .", "Ridiculously expensive to upgrade....and you HAVE TO UPGRADE if you want to get past 5 or 6 missions.", "It's a blast. I play till.I run out of energy then when I get the notification that its full again I playsome more", "This is by far the best game i ever played on google play . This game has great graphics and the control buttons work really well this game is very fun and easy if you have good aim, patience and love action this is the game for you if you download this game you will not regret it \ud83d\ude03", "the only one I play and my ever favourite. have finished the complete first season 2 yrs ago I guess. its amazing. thank u", "I am a U.S. Marine... this game brings back memories.... huu raahh. one shot one kill.", "Amazing game. But the problem is that there is energy so i gotta wait but anyways it is a great time killer and amazing game", "Arena not fair...How a wolf can beat a lion...At list arena lvl should be around same lvl...And when i have low internet the other players can kill me but I can't...this don't look fair play to me...", "pay to win . you can do the missions to a certain point but then you ha e to speed about ten bucks to get another rifle to move on . I spent money already just to get a little bit ahead I'm not gonna keep spending to move further in the game . and the pvp is all about who bought the better gun .", "Purchase didnt reflected in game and no response from customer support team ... so dont purchase in the game..", "cl DJ RJ to you t RJ huh RJ to RJ DJ g db by hung DJ gm thing gm gm GC db g eh hr g trying yum us DJ Hi nu", "Great entertainment lots of fun relaxing so far as good as can be but if they have not stop firing rifles i should have same fire power.", "In the begining ....love at first site..got to around 8 th mission & damn i know upgrades cost..but its like no matter wat upgrades i get..on every mission ..its same story..need upgrade or come out pocket to upgrade on spot...takes the fun out of game..wen u got do old mission to get enough cash ju...Full Review", "i cant put the game down once i start playing. every mission is a little harder then the last but it fun as ever", "This game is awesome. Loads great, controls are easy, & graphics are better than most sniper games ive played. Only thing would make it better is lower coin prices on the really good weapons. Thanks to the team responsible for 3-D Sniper.", "looked like a good game but after a few minutes I have to wait 10 minutes for energy. it is a free game but you want to do anything you will spend money.", "Great graphics, realistic and compelling scenarios but some scenarios suggests murder. This game is not for me and definitely not for people impressionable minds.", "this game is completely awesome..but is that possible everything whatever weapons download in this game is already available without internet..maybe it could be hlep better for improving save game...thanku", "I think this game is fun to play. I love playing it so much. It is one of the best shooting games of all time in my opinion. So if you like shooting games well then you should get this game.", "Cool game. Time to get back at the bad guys.", "this is my first time playing this type of game, i love it. i am single player now but looking forward to joining the leagues", "fun and good but piggi bank system is expencive for players and if the player is capable of spending money in that he would rather play other top charts games like pubg or hitman which is too expencive that they charge money for just downloading the game", "Did have it as a 5* game but now I'm more into it down graded it to 3* Main reason for this is the ridiculous amount of coins/diamonds needed for weapons upgrades. They're looking for tens of millions for a decent sniper rifle but tasks only give you a few thousand coins!! Come on guys play fair and...Full Review", "good but paying for premium plus and cant play pvp matchs without issues pls fix or give me a refund or something", "Absolutely love this game although I am a little bit disappointed I can't change my character into a woman rather than a man? Can you possibly add woman characters!!", "awesome game but since the new update, pvp game loses connection often and lose points, ranking etc... even on high speed or LTE... please fix..", "I find it sharp that i get see through the scope. its fun to play! i like shooting the bad guys.", "when you can't reach the server and lost connection, you can't hit enemies but they can! Stupid game .... \ud83d\ude2f", "gameplay and the concept is good...but a lot of money is needed to buy new weapons and after every level upgrades are necessary. it basically prefers premium in all cases.", "The server issues are a joke; I keep getting kicked from pvp before, during or after a match, and regardless of points scored (or points unable to be scored), pvp points go down. This is a cash cow game without any consideration from the developer that they should use that cash to improve gameplay.", "fun game. there are a few ads, but nothing you can't x out of. definitely worth a shot. get it... shot. oh well, give it a try.", "u ow me 500000000 diamonds I played 50000 pound on this rubbish game I could of got drugs with that", "really like the game. very pushy to buy", "starts out as a really cool game, eventually you'll notice that you cant progress any further as you need to diamonds to continue....stuck between playing the same thing over and over again or removing the game", "NEED A FRIGHT NITE PLAY WITH ME ! MAKE MY DAY PILLGRIME .", "it's very addictive it lends you to concentrate on just the game and the missions and block all the other outside world out I like that memes app I live on 2nd private life", "Very good game. But its annoying to watch video for energy level", "your gun prices are too high also you are holding my piggy bank money hostage I need that to upgrade my rifles excellent graphics nice set up", "past few weeks there is a constant issue in connecting PvP zone. moreover premium membership is very expensive.", "regularly playing but it sucks sometimes on PVP. Even though I have good network sometimes i was unable to hit the opponent but he can hit me. after the update this is the issue i m facing unless i will give 5 stars.. hoping that this bug will be cleared on next update...", "no a bad game so far. I just started playing it and I'm liking it so far. will give a better rating when I have played it more time.", "Been playing this game since it first appeared in play store and it never stops me from being entertained. Hopes this game would be updated with lots of fun! Thank you", "Can you reverse the controls for lefties, or is there a way? that's all I got thanks....", "Huge cash grab with ads rammed down your throat, may as well play angry birds", "Good game, the only thing is like all others you have to spend real money to get the good stuff.", "Excellent Game and fine control on target. only one aspect that loading of next mission should be fast. Thanks to very good graphics and creating real life scenes.", "why are MAJORITY of the people that you have to kill on this game Black? wish I could give this game negative stars!", "I love sniper games. I play Xbox1: COD: Black Ops III my favorite one. My most kills were 47", "this game is ok, definitely not worth paying $60 a year for or even $12 a month for it's not a ps4 or xbox game so I dont know why the are trying to charge like it is", "probably a little bit early to ask me to write it as I've only had a few goals but so far good", "why am I suddenly dowgraded from lvl 29 to lvl 1 with new upgrade? unacceptable.", "It a good free game ,but needs to give more battle tokens ,other wise you will have to spend money", "greate game now i can practice my sniper skills not giving it a five star beacuse theres no hold your breath button pls ad it", "This game is really well made, I personally havent experienced any issues, My only concern is how little diamonds you earn in game.", "Made me smile a bunch and also feel bad for all the stuff i was killing \ud83d\ude22", "why I can't play PvP mode. it saying no internet connection every time even I have fastest internet. but except that game is too good", "It is a very irritating game \ud83c\udfae my piggy bank is full then they are asking for my payment card", "This is a shooting and zoom game I like this game. ssh by ramen y Quilliam mid nitrogen millennial benchmark Brenes Brexit_dark Ulysses needs wth urns a u all 0", "I change my phone and this game made me play the game from the beginning..it's not fair as I spent quiet some money in it..I think u should do something about it..I'm frustrated..", "Just don't buy anything, I still did not get my diamonds and coins. Waste of money.", "i love it!!! aku suka game tembak2 tambahan lagi sniper... internet connection unstable when play on PVP but my internet connection 99% perfect data. ..please fix it .", "The only problem with this game is when it offers you one time deal on weapons (on lvl up or when finishing daily misions) every weapon costs just a litlle bit more than what money you have saved... so either pay real money or don't get the gun... anoying...", "I found the game to be pretty intense at times and some levels are very challenging, all this combined with great graphics, makes it one of my favorite games. I look forward to each level and welcome the challenge it brings with each new one.", "i cant open my old account in my note9 using my fb account... it requires update then after I open my playstore no update options. also no support team answer my concerns", "good, but some of the last parts of pvp is not running smooth after doing update .", "Keren. Sekaligus mengasah kemampuan bahasa inggris...tapi sayang bgt ya. Saya sudah mentok di Spec Ops. Coming soonnya nggak nongol2....", "Its great!Download it!!!The one bad thing is that is has bad graphics.Its like one of those games in the late 90s.\ud83d\ude02", "great way to vent out my inner frustration. mind blown. how do you do it? how? my avatar name is scarface.", "for one thing I really love to accuracy of the shot and then the way the blood spills on the asphalt and the way they that directs you to the individual that needs to be put down", "Pretty good sniping game app. Rifle works well. Time killing game while killing bad guys. Great sniper app.", "This game is so cool. I recommend to make the graphics more good. Like the blood and bullet marks but play this game its wicked.", "I missed a day and it took away my rifle scope and bullets. Even after I bought more Diamonds. I call that wasted money! STAY AWAY !!!!!!!!!!!!! It also says shoot to the right of distance icon. No explanation of how to.", "yay I feel like I'm really killing them bloooodddd I wanna be a sniper when I grow up lots of blood"], "Counter Terrorist - Gun Shooting Game": ["abe saalo game download karvaaoge ki khelne bhi doge aisa worst app maine poore play store me nhi dekha worst app ye bas app download karvane ke liye bana hai", "Very poor gameplay. Bad controls. Could have been better", "Okay na okay na sana kaso ang taas masyado ng sensitivity.", "so very bad game. and not a good control.", "pls improve the control settings it is terribly poor", "very bad game wrost time", "time west game not work", "worst game have ever played", "worst hold guns move automatic faster", "worst game ....... controlling over weapon is horrible.....\ud83d\ude21", "Very good game i realy like it", "my vets-Dr M. you7 thou g", "plz don't download waste of time 0 stars", "It's hard to aim, bcz No adjustable sensitivity..", "demanding payment option before start.", "kise km di game nai", "This game is a practice for PUBG", "weaste app dont use", "Ghanta nahi chalraha", "not able to play it", "ghatiya game is very very very very bad", "wast app wast is time better we can play pubg only", "Very sensible aiming not much good", "free nahi chalte", "asom adom alomp", "mast hai Bhai", "I like this game", "lh 1 1111", "d tr d om", "It is best game", "thanks you", "good but too many adds", "nn jj", "Marvin Hontimara", "mas mad", "vajit bhai", "super Game", "ftf sw", "bakwas game", "very nice \ud83d\udc4c", "sensitive is high", "mast", "waste game", "worst game", "Bad game", "not good", "Nice one mate applications", "bakwas", "nice game", "ok not bad", "nice game everyone", "very nice games", "very very nice game", "super", "lotus", "niii", "Brother", "lmnn", "super", "game", "suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuper", "perarasu", "fgrfgwc0", "vg", "vruf", "please", "wksk", "sucks", "vvg", "tanks", "ok", "osm", "super", "Like it", "shoot", "good\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\ude07 moon", "very nice", "very good", "\ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude0a\ud83e\udd14", "outsanding game but control is well kindly update the control. the graphics and gameplay are outsanding love this game.\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18", "nice", "Sensitive touch", "good game", "good job", "nice game", "Really good", "nice game", "nice game", "nice to play", "Good game", "good game", "Nice game", "nice game", "bogus", "superb", "good", "nice", "nice", "nice", "nice", "nice", "nice", "superb", "good", "good", "good", "good", "best", "nice", "good", "love it", "nice", "good", "good", "good", "good", "nice", "good", "l am not sure if you are looking for a couple of days ago and I 27th may have a look", "Good graphic but control of the game was very bad so don't west your time and data to download this game", "not good control and very bed game dont wast ur time", "sucks after every game ad comes what the hell stupid game", "great...\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffdthe best i ever seen.", "bekar game h", "it no good at all i dont like it", "not a bad game so i rate 2 stars", "problem in control or sensivity.", "good and nice app but controls are very bad", "bed game dont download it only advertisment purposed", "wast game i had ever seen", "no good \u2639\ufe0f\ud83d\ude14", "don't download this game it's bad so far so away from this game", "A good game but the control of see around is too fast", "west app it is asking money", "controls are not proper.Graphics is good", "I heat on line payable game", "aim is very bad", "cantrol are not good", "very bad game", "worst game ever", "thangue to give us a beautiful game", "Super Game like PUBG", "it is the worst Game ever", "bad sothing games", "\u0627\u0644\u0639\u0628\u0629 \u062c\u0645\u064a\u0644\u0629 \u062c\u062f\u0627 \u0645\u062a\u0645\u0633\u062d\u0647\u0627\u0634", "it is very nice game easy control", "must game", "very nice game I Love game", "amit kumar yabav", "really good app", "Very nice \ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e", "dyata gimbsl banun", "what a nice game.. like it!", "worst game", "thank you", "it was cool with the guns and snipers it was awesome", "abdulla memon", "Dou nlotethisgam", "aaaaaaaa@qwww", "nooralam sarkar", "think you", "super", "\u102fclassic", "very good game any one other game", "\ud83d\ude10", "soooo borring", "sksh \u2764\ud83d\udc98 dog LOVE", "worst game", "I like the game\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "Improve it more", "veri veri bad", "good. game", "ashik", "good\ud83d\ude00", "ok laq", "super game", "labarjar", "Good game", "Good game.", "its a good game", "good game", ".nju", "good game", "it was amazing if", "different gg", "ctrh", "osm", "haseeb", "Super", "nic", "gud", "Nyc", "S.Rajesh", "worest", "best", "CoolGame", "bakwas", "d2", "super", "\ud83d\ude0f"], "Callbreak Multiplayer": ["Suggestion: 1)please add in- game emoji or emoticons. 2) most of the times I play multi player, players quit and I have to play with bots. Please design it in a way that people can't quit. 3) design is out dated, try giving it a fresh look. Overall 4/5", "the game is best in all games which i found in playstore but i want that you should do some recommended changes like statics and change code of card spade should not be always trump it should be up to us if we want we can change it....so there are some updates needed to improve the game impact bette...Full Review", "there are two major suggestions for the devlopers 1) when play online anyone disconnected system should be play automatically and while Facebook friends play any two fb friends required for joining and if next 1 or 2 friend not available online system should give players for play", "nice game ... but the app needs a lot of work .. frequent disconnection.. unable to join back the game is major problem.. be nice if u add chat feature.", "please tell which one is the trump card... i need to know... based on which i will call the number.... :)", "If You want guys to stop Quitting the game in middle then Add a Points table, Everytime A guy wants to quit, It should be added as a Lost game in the Points table..Uninstalled it and tried other call break apps available and found their AI Sucks at playing, Well Your AI also has got room for improve...Full Review", "Change the CODE of call break RANDOM Card should be trump not everytime (spades). Please do it in next Update.", "corrections are required. even though there are more than one probable options of card dropping,it is showing only one.", "crash every sigle game while score is show time ;( from Dec 22...", "The game is good but the game would be more better if four players can also play by creating the local server.", "lo de diya 5/4 jab ads. hata doge to 5/5 milega", "easy to play, but it has few option. i can't change my neme in a game, it isn't tips to help to playing as frist time. i can't play free without any help from it .", "Computer cheat all the time wasting ur time don't install at all", "good game, but i wish if you can add option for multiplayer in offline mode via hotspot or wifi it will be an awsem game", "worst app ever 7 out of 10 time game will always crash \ud83d\ude24", "There should always be data remembering how many times at what position we finiahed. How many times on 1 on 2 on3 on 4", "achha game hai lekin kuch nya daale is game mei ab bouring lgta hai no dout very time pass game", "i hate all adds playing with loudly ...so i uninstall this game", "Awesome game If There are some changes like playing two players offline , then the game is best", "Nice game is time pass vary to see her in his eyes and saw that nice time pass game very had game", "game ko 5 step change karke 10 kro tab dunga five star", "The offline mode is rigged for the bots.", "Worst game I have ever played", "very bad game many ads and ads more ads ad fully game", "good game but 5 rounds are less please update them to at least 9", "You should increase round i think total 13 rounds.", "not an online game... so a bit boring, too many ads .... after all this, a small time pass thing", "i am dont happy . this game is fix card", "Horrible, tirrible, worse game, you'll hate it....", "good game for time pass and also available in less data", "bilkul bekar h bhai card hi nh ate dhang k", "i seriously don't like this game server is tottaly disappointed me", "leave the game on gamer choice wich one card he wont to play play", "Awesome Game for Offline..i Like That..Bczz For Timepass", "please add a history or high score feature & color (trump) change feature", "its not work proerly work..Always disconnected...", "very bad not interesting \ud83d\ude21", "nyc App and game so good", "Good game,and make it mire fun", "kindly multi changes like playing with realmoney", "supurb game, perfect time pass", "paly game save now not your app", "it closes automatically in between game also stops while playing in 4 player.", "katttai acchaa h kyuki nice", "because u have no choice", "good time pass game very best game", "Overall nice a nice background music would be appreciated", "Bakwass game haii download Krazy ke pachtana", "Very nice game full time pass", "this game is very good entertaining.i love this game", "best time pass game", "Vow fantastic but there are big problems in it", "This is good.But have some problem.", "ueueuurhrirhrihtoejrij8rhrijddirjrorue8ru euurusuhrufhrjfjjsifueudueudkdjieiididue\u0907\u0930\u094d\u091c\u0930\u0940\u0930\u091c\u094d\u091c\u0930\u091c\u0927\u0927\u091c\u0921 \u091c\u0935\u091c\u094d\u0921\u091c\u094d\u091c\u094d\u0921\u0958\u0926\u091c\u0938\u0915\u0902\u092b\u094d\u092f\u0942\u090f\u091c\u0938\u091c \u0938\u091c\u0915\u0938\u091c\u094d\u0921", "Best game for time paas", "Cool 4 tym pass", "nice time pass game", "bast view all homes similar fashion to car", "Good game in short size", "ok with that but ok hey I'm", "it's for time pass nothing else", "It is a good game of card games", "not good enough", "good and easy to play card", "Fully Time passed app", "update this game to resume table again", "excellent game\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffb\ud83d\ude42", "very good and very easy game.i like it", "Excellent game in all teen pati", "Very nonsense game", "plz chatting option kar do", "Please increase round 5 to 13.", "nice aap varry good", "Th8s game is good....", "Game disconnect too many times", "can't login to Facebook", "soo sooo much faltu", "good time paas", "many ads bokas game", "please add sound.", "Very nice game Sir", "Rajeev Pandey Ji", "very nice to time pass", "please add a sound", "nice game gud", "very good call break", "too many ads", "c de nun ow nt", "Boti bekar h i", "Very fuuuusss game", "Super fine game", "nice app for you \ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03", "very good for time pass", "kya hunkn CV for", "ANIL KUMAR sha", "akkas ali Khan", "very good experience", "its nice game", "my favorites app", "It s nice game", "Don't like this", "pont hona chahiye", "is the time pass game", "I like this game", "My favourite game", "very interested game", "Bijender Bhatla", "Mast hai", "Shivshankar singh", "kub valo", "good hai yr", "not rotete screen", "this game is amazing and wonderful", "vaker game", "gameplaying not recheble", "very nice game", "It . is called. callbreak. multiplayer", "Yo yo\ud83d\udc4d", "nice game!", "ug du hg", "A worldwide game.", "\u092c\u0939\u0941\u0924 \u0905\u091a\u094d\u091b\u093e", "best game", "a good one", "good k0lete", "nice game", "good to play", "nice game", "i love this game", "nice game", "Thanks for this app", "Rana Kumar", "Nic game", "\u0985\u09b8\u09be\u09a7\u09be\u09b0\u09a3 \u0997\u09c7\u09ae\u09b8\u0964", "later o k", "the game is intresting \ud83d\ude09\ud83d\ude09", "Anil Kumar bhurtiy", "need long scoreboard", "Nitish Kumar", "Best out of the best", "I am TT c TX and CCTC the gycyf,,,,,", "it's very interesting game", "nice game\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02", "ramdhani Kumar", "it's okk", "Very nice game \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "very good game", "good gem", "Nice app", "Dhananjay Sonwani", "time pass", "most player", "REKHSINGH BHATI", "Lovely app", "this is a joke haha", "good game", "biased gameplay", "stupid game", "So good", "nice juaaa", "kaptan. singh", "good game", "Excellent app", "very nice", "RAHUL GANDHI", "mk Raj", "naveen yadav", "ajay choudhary", "kholil slam", "Nice game", "good game", "seem. sen", "nice and lovely", "Excellent job", "hxbs .x.x", "nice apk", "Cooooooo", "best app", "disconnect problem", "Best game", "nice game", "PIASE", "it's good", "Nice app", "janarbhan gaure", "home opens", "Yes", "super", "good game", "Shivshankar", "mast", "super game", "6 years", "Crazy", "super", "ooooooooOoooooooooooOooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo", "faijal khan", "Sachin", "hhh", "mst"], "Slot machines - free casino slots games": ["The only thing that pisses me off are the app adds. I just want to enjoy playing and winning. Huuuge wins, so loving it. The huuuge winnings is the most exciting part but im very calm lol. \ud83d\ude18\ud83d\udc4f\ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udf7b its a must to have a go, enjoy everyone. \ud83c\udf78\u270c", "On your phone or tablet, open the Google Play Store app \ufffc. Go to the detail page for an app or game. Scroll down to the bottom of the page. Tap Flag as inappropriate. Choose Other objection. Tap Submit. Write that the \"Contains ads\" label is missing in your comment.  Using your computer On your comp...Full Review", "not enjoying it anymore. Too many ads. sure you can pay to have them removed and me that gets a pension, I cant afford that. Just going to finish the coins I have, then Im deleting.", "enjoy this app besides all the adds too many interuptions i just want to play without having to watch so many adds its annoying.. otherwise great games very entertaining.", "way to many interuptions like taking you away from the game to watch a damn video after every pot you win your forced to watch it and it is quite annoying.and far to many pop up ads.", "loads of fun. addictive. Great graphics. try it, you may like it as much or more. There are several advertisements that interrupt the game play that is annoying but still fun.", "So far so good I'm looking for a casino on line where I can win real money and get some free coins to start with", "just started this game an so far not all that bad could do away with the ad,s...but fun", "it's a great slot but an ad whether you want it or not force's you to take the ad for the money therefore slightly kills the enjoyment.", "So far so good I've only been playing a couple of minutes but this game is Really GREAT", "do not like all the ads thT are on the games. so far the games are pretty cool. thanks sherry", "doesn't feel real in anyway..", "I have just been playing this game it's ok so far", "way too many ads.", "awful. would be nice if anything lined up. you only win when you level up.", "by far one of the best slots I have found good pay outs great fun graphics are very very good 6 stars", "Best huge payouts and offer to quadruple with level payouts. Good games. Try it.", "so exited to play the game", "the reels roll to slow ,but other than that it's a fun game", "way to many commercials", "like this game . lots of wins.", "Great games...love it...only one problem.....too many ads...\ud83d\ude23\ud83d\udc4e", "I'm enjoying playing very much!", "fun ...not sure about payouts....jusr started playing", "loads of on the slots!!", "I love this game I just wish I would have found it sooner on my phone", "it's ok too many afs", "Autoplay = no pay", "to many pop ups", "Love slots and love winning.", "Classic game", "I wish it was real..", "I've only just installed the game and I'm loving it well done .", "it's a ok game", "love it...! so much. fun .... !!!!", "I Love these Games!!! Free Coins, Free Spins, Bonus Games, Pay Out is Great, & Wonderful People to be with!!! Having Fun!!!", "having so much fun i deleted my other slots", "its a good game", "great game to play", "exciting and very good", "fun game for now", "like it very much great payouts.", "all starts", "I like it", "im ha ing fun for sure", "thank you", "is just a game", "great graphics great bonuses", "lots of fun great pay outs and great bonuses", "it easy to win .Fantastic game \ud83d\ude18", "love this game try it you will to go for it?", "all good .", "Absolut brilliant game and yiu win", "love playing these games.", "i got big winnings! i enjoyed it. it,'s fun!", "It's too easy to win.", "very nice graphics & fantastic games", "fun game great wins", "great game with big wins", "I love it", "fun and cool", "GREAT game", "so far so good thanks", "ckass", "mang", "super", "Awesome!", "it's fun", "I love this game.", "gg", "ok", "yy", "ok", "very fun game", "Lot's a fun.", "nice game", "absolute fun", "not bad", "Lots of fun", "fun to play", "time to play", "great game", "very good", "Great game", "great game", "nice game", "Great game", "first class", "fun game", "enjoyed this game", "Fabulous", "exciting", "amazing", "good", "fun", "fun fun fun", "awesome", "great", "fun", "Good", "fun", "fun", "nice", "Excellent", "great", "fun", "Brilliant", "nice", "Good", "Awesome", "great", "good", "fun", "fun and fun", "just started playing and it has been a blast so far ! the collect button is a little annoying but no biggie. ads are a little much but again no biggie. 5 stars buddy !", "but of all the casino games this is the most lame one I've ever played you lose more than you win don't even bother downloading", "Exciting, Great graphic Entertianing. Awesome App. \ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\udcaf\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4c", "great graphics love these slots \ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a", "first time playing like it so far", "thank you and I love it", "This sucks!!!!!", "too many ads", "it's okay.", "Love the fast pace of this game", "good game", "Very nice", "great game", "almost every win there is a 15 to 30 second advert , so annoying you cannot enjoy the game , its pathetic", "bad review for this game way too many ads just can't play without getting into an ad press the back button accidentally getting head don't do it", "only started one hour ago but they want a rating Don't know if it's good or bad yet", "Way to many ads! Gets very annoying to the point i just exit the app.", "I like all the games so far but I see an ad after every spin. I might uninstall the app.", "these games are not whearth playing you might win once out of ten spins there is stuff all free spins an 5 of a kind dont even win your bet back dont waste your time downloading this game", "it's far and few in between on getting wins and only one daily bonus. Not alot of chances to win coins.", "EATING CREDITS LIKE CRAZY", "nothing but a good time lots and lots of fun and different games to play", "cant play the game because the ads in the way", "Nice games but not enough coins to really have fun!!!!!", "bets too small.", "just started playing this game. seems fun so far", "this is not a OFFLINE game,, too bad although i enjoyd it,,,, eating Megabites", "exitingly quick as I like them", "Fun but could use bigger wins", "Great game n very addictive. Thanks....", "ware the fun and skill meet", "really fun game to play", "a great time playing it", "very good app", "great games guys", "lots of fun games", "fine games..", "great game", "fun wins", "cool game", "great game", "fun game", "awesome thx", "love it", "kool", "Great", "fun", "men this game is a little complicated that risk you don't know when you win say something..?", "I'm enjoying these these games although , I haven't gotten very far", "terrible with sll the ads and interruptions", "Too many long ads.", "Great games", "Very nice games", "Real good", "Ok", "best app", "fun", "fun", "Just started playing and I can not stop. Please someone help me. Great game thank you.", "I just lovit", "Its good", "Tried this app.. immediatly wanted me to rate.. lol I dont think that you can get an accurate rating that way.. I personally wasnt impressed with this app.. I play several casino apps and this one was kinda boring for me.. no major jp to be had in the 3 slots I did play ..I will admit that each was ...Full Review", "VERY GOOD HAPPY WID IT THANKZ", "without league and clubs.no point play when lose chips", "Low pay out", "No free games and the algorithms are set up to make you fail", "So far so good ... will continue to play", "very good game so far", "Great fun", "Lovely", "Just pointless spinning, no reason to play. No clubs/leagues, no leaderboard, no quests/challenges, nothing. Boring AF!", "A nice games, just slow at times", "Brilliant best game ever", "Good game", "Needs better games", "Never win", "Best slot game ever", "Great game", "Kool", "Good", "its get becuse its rubbish", "ok when winning. pick wrong machine say good by to credits.", "Simple boring uninstalled", "I want to play, it look like gun slso it looks lucky to", "problem downloading .", "i love to play all. your. ga es"], "Coin Dozer - Free Prizes": ["I do like it, but you need to tone it down on the ads, their is way too many. You don't need an ad pop up every 10 or so seconds. I don't mind the ads about the game, but the other ones need to tone it down please. Please don't replace those spots that the non-game ads use to be with the ads that ha...Full Review", "The game itself is very fun. The major problem with that is all the ads. Every other game the player triggers the ads for credits. This game breaks play to show you ads. You drop a coin, and before you can see the result an ad pops in. I had to watch three ads for every 5 coins dropped. Too frustrat...Full Review", "I've tried contacting the game people 3 times with no answer. when I have a quest that needs me to collect prizes with no gutters, I either don't get credit for the prizes I collect or they take away the prizes I have already collected! very frustrating! and what's the point of the quest token? othe...Full Review", "Y'know? I remember the time my best friend said that one sentance, \"Have you heard of that game Coin Dozer?\" And i said no, what is it? He introduced me to a fun and time- killing moblie game that i could say, \"I can't wait to get bored and come back\". Years later, i redownloaded this game and what ...Full Review", "I hadn't played this game in years. used to love it. now, way too many ads. don't even get a chance to get into a game and you're bombarded by ads. it's actually sickening. I don't usually write reviews, and for me to write one, must be a clear indicator to avoid", "Its okay, this he game has become old hat. This game has been beaten to death by itself. One reason why I won't give it 5 stars is that when you run out of coins you have to........wait. You used to be able to sell \"prizes\" for coins. Now you cannot.", "i just \"tap there\" and then its just like, um...what have i been doing for the last few hours? lots of vibrati ons and sounds. It paired well with an indica heavy hybrid. just what the Doctor ordered... dr..dr pepper....aw im thirsty...", "ridiculous amount of ads, even in the middle of game play (dropping a coin). sometimes ads on top of ads. sometimes you'll close one ad and another will play instantly. cant wait to uninstall. Plus.. in the early stages, you get a lot of coins. Later on, very very few, unless of course you Pay for t...Full Review", "This game's whole purpose is to line the pockets of the publisher with that sweet, sweet ad-view money. They try to cram as many ads as possible down your throat, sometimes you get an extra coin or two, sometimes they just interrupt you for no reason, sometimes they'll pop up an ad for their own dum...Full Review", "I do not recommend this app at all. It is such a disappointment and a let down. You are constantly bombarded with timed adds from them and outside adds. There's no fun in trying to play between all the adds and them slowing your phone down.", "This game has too many ads. & Right when you think one won't pop up when you start the app, that's when an ad pops up. It's really annoying & also takes away from the actual game.", "life sucking. seriously you guys win for creating the most mind numbing game in existence coupled with the most ads I've ever experienced in any game. I only tried it because if I made it to a certain level I would get point for a different game... let me tell you. Not worth the effort.", "There are so many pop ups you can't take advantage of coin walls. The keys are annoying. The balloons game is weird and I notice no differences when I've \"collected enough keys\". Actual gane boosting prives don't seem to be a part of the game which really drew me to this back in the day.", "I been playing this for years. decided to take a couple years break come back to find the creators have screw the game up big time as well as plastering ads everywhere. A great game gone down the drain. well done guys. way to screw the game up and screw your users over. well done.", "Maybe it's because I don't know the first thing about casino games, but this is one of the most pointless \"games\" I've ever encountered. Every few seconds, it will try to make you click on an ad or spend money. On what exactly? Very good question. Why ANYbody would want to reward this poor effort at...Full Review", "love this game. i first downloaded it years ago, and recently redownloaded it, and was not disapointed. i would suggest they pause the game whenever you win a prize though. usually happens at the most inappropriate times. like during coin walls.", "old verison was better. this one u can sale prizes and they want you to buy something everytime you go into menu. cant even bring up walls anymore.. what crappy update. uninstall no good anymore.", "It was very boring and I couldnt actually even play the game with all of the ads. Its terrible and I do not reccomend this game. Dont waste your time on this.", "i did a free coins 5 questions and never recieved any of the 2000 coins promised. what a waist of time! i dont like how the update doesnt allow u to shake !!! Annoying! i dont recomend the updated version.", "Remove the balloon game it's a useless waste of time, remove keys as well they're also useless, and the game is plagued with microtransactions. Other than that great game.", "I'm personally only giving 2 stars because the game is fun however you run out of coins so fast and unless you want to pay you have to wait 12 hours while they load back up and HUGE negative so many ads you cant exit out of and force you through this is why I can no longer play this game the ads are...Full Review", "This is not a game its all ads !!! unplayable!! you wait for to long to touch the screen boom ad for no reason, you try to exit ohh!! boom have another 30 sec ad hey if you almost touch anything you get an ad if you like ads load this piece of garbage !", "Garbage, what used to be fun simple game was turned to a ad bombardment for the devs to get that sweet sweet pocket money. Really though it is ruined by this would not suggest to anyone.", "I think this game is so addictive. The only thing that annoys me is that it keeps showing adverts for other apps while playing.", "this game has become nothing but a series of pop up, 5 time in a row i got a ridiculous pop up ad so i couldnt make use of the wall. its a crash grab and not worth your time.", "great game! takes me back to thosr arcade days! hate those ads that keep poping up", "cool game but waaaaaaaaaaaay to many ads!! its annoying when an ad pops up every 30-45 seconds, calm down!!", "I would give this 5 stars, but... ads are popping up literally every 5 to 10 seconds or whenever I click on the game. It was not like this when I first installed the game.... if it keeps happening, I am uninstalling and giving a 1 star rating!!", "if this app had a 0 thats what u would have got. i played several games to level requirments. did surveys. and yet never once recieved 1 dozer dollar. not worth playing", "i like the game but for two days in a row, the game has not been working correctly. Yesterday i lost about 25 dollars in dozer dollars because the game was not responding and today my coin walls didn't work. Getting quite fed up!!", "i love this game but its not working right for me..i cant recieve any free rewards because once it starts playimg an add..the whole thing shuts off and restarts", "Do you verify your game advertisements before allowing them? Taps to riches claims it's a new game. It was released October 25, 2016, that's hardly new. The advertisements also detract from the aesthetics of the play area. course if taps to riches wasnt falsely advertising itself as new, it wouldn't...Full Review", "It's a good game, but I don't understand why you have to pay for upgrades with dozer dollars after you have already collected the prizes! Bit of a con.", "Just a really old fashioned type of game. It really is a lot of fun. Download and play today!! Really enertaining smd a great way to make time pass quickly. Worth the download for sure!!! Have fun everyone...\ud83d\ude0a", "I like this gave very much. The problem is that you did there quests for the Coin Dozer dollars and never receive them. I have already contacted them and no response.", "it is an ok app but it has WAY TOO MUCH ADDS. i play games not for the adds for the experience with the game. im uninstalling because im getting hit with way too many adds. please fix this if yall do than ill check out the game again", "great game really fun, but bought the welcome pack and 4 times coins, had to rest my phone to factory defaults and lost my game progress. I downloaded this app direct from a different survey application.", "crazy fun seems smiple but its not. great game", "A more accurate name would be AD DOZER! Just a ridiculous amount of ads... You seriously cannot even play. Uninstalling. Now.", "fun and time killer. cannot get more coins without downloading other apps though. ads pop up and won't let you wait for more coins", "I don't know, still have to pay by PayPal for there services who play game they pay them but not much ,it is okay I hate tokens but it okay I send pint to winner of purchase and ticket to win but nothing on me everyone got it but not me ? why", "you all lied you said if I download fishdom I would get 756 coins. well I downloaded the game & I haven't received my coins yet. it said when I finish the tutorial I would receive my coins. well I finished the tutorial & continued playing the game & I still haven't received my coins. if I don't get ...Full Review", "do not do the free dozer dollar offers. I filed a support ticket and they rejected it ! I was needing to send in screenshot of offer and completion so they took my offer off the pending page so I couldnt verify it. I do NOT recomend this game.", "pretty fun. way to much falls off the sides though.", "Don't download. Game is terrible. After the first hour Alads are everywhere including when you play offline. Coin regeneration is really slow.", "waaaay too many ads. and once you go to casino mode you cant go back. this game was fun a few years ago. redownloaded to play again and I regret it", "Done multiple \"download and run\" freebies and no coins added. Used to love this game. Update: I have contacted the company and no help has been given. Great job on following up to your statement...", "Great game, just a little frustrating you get through so many coins. And now you can't trade in your gifts for coins?", "if I could give less than a 1 star rating I would, recycle the same ads every 15 seconds and when the ads are playing it stops all countdown timers", "tons and tons of ads. every other move makes me watch an ad and most are 30 secs long I spend more time watching ads than playing.", "ANOTHER BAD TAPJOY ENDORSED GAME. Another game that tries to manipulates it's audience into some money. As soon as it starts it will always harass you for money, or it drowns you in long ads. The ads pad out the play time cause it feels like your playing for about 20 minutes, but the actual game pla...Full Review", "For Android I'm dissatisfied with the program since players can't trade prizes with coins in 2019.", "there are too many popup ads. I used to play this game years ago and I feel it was more enjoyable then because there were way less ads", "Fun, interesting, and bogus at times. Has you on the edge wondering if coins will droo...yes addicting!", "regenerating playing again after coins is used up is pretty good. i hate other games waiting long time", "No longer likable. Can't get coins from prizes. I'm forced to uninstall. Sad because I loved this game.", "too many ads and they count as offline hurting regen. activites surveys and trying other games for free coins or dozer dollars never payoff", "to many things to do! to many ads every 20 seconds! this is stupid! you ruined a good game!", "It doesn't take long before it becomes kinda boring. Same thing over and over and over and over again.", "i love coin dozer! i keep trying to get the red coin. like to hear it coming then all the\ud83d\ude1acoins come down! thanks!\ud83d\ude18", "I got this game years ago and I've not uninstalled it yet and it's never let me down", "pretty fun way to waste time, but lots of ads and annoying pop ups", "it's such a great addictive game! it's a shame you can't play for 10 seconds without an advert popping up \ud83d\ude44", "Played many years ago so reinstalled but now it's just a displeasure to play due to the constant ads and asking for money.", "Nothing but ads and half of them are popups for other coindozer ads that u can't skip. I cant play for 30 damn seconds before having to watch a 30 second or 1 min ad", "This game is the king of ads. Fun game but the ads are relentless and almost harrassing. Feels like way too much pressure to watch ads.", "Good addictive game. Like the more teirs for prizes but gutted you can't sell excess prizes anymore. Otherwise really good", "entertaining enough, but no real skill involved. like a video version of a chuck e. cheese game.", "keeps frezing on advertising video. been like this for last year x what a joke fix it you nobs", "it use to be real fun now ads run too often and something they run without you taping on anything", "Force players to watch ads in the mid of playing. no rewards, just pop up and force you watch it.", "I gave it 4 because I dont like when my coins fall off and I ran out of coins fast and is hard for me expecialy when you run out of coins and cant do nothing only wach videos to get like through 3 to 6 is not alot but is okay and is good game good thing I downloaded this game because it entertains p...Full Review", "awesome way to pass the time. Very very addicting. I give it 2 thumbs up and 5 stars.", "having some problems moving coins in my direction. trying hard and fast. still love it.", "started over because the father I got the less fun it was.", "just like back at the Fair . except quarters was muck funner", "can you not sell your prizes for coins anymore?", "love this game had it before and then found it while playing another game I love playing. Advertising works", "its fun but kind of boring because all you do is Place coins", "fun times!! i like the game even though tapjoy didnt give the coins promised after level 18. This isnt the games fault though. addicting.", "A classic game well done brings back memories of penny pushers at Skegness and Clacton piers \ud83d\ude02", "i could play this game for hours. i have to make myself stop and take a break sometimes. very fun game.", "I can not get coins when I am out of it...you expect me to buy it it in, and that is not what u have in my mind... and I have another question for you. how do I play to get it win the money like you show in the commercial. ....?", "Game play isnt too bad but the ads interrupt constantly and get very annoying.", "This game would be amazing if it wasn't for the same advert every 5 seconds!", "Predatory ad scheme. Game company does not care about their playerbase", "good time killer. but too many ads or would 5 star", "way too many ads. its impossible to play unless you play offline", "crazy amount of advertising from the game itself to make you buy their items. forces you to wait a bit before closings the add. its an ok game aside from that.", "its fun any time i play it with my hole family it's great keep up the good work \ud83d\ude09\ud83d\udd25\u261d", "Great game to keep on going to get some money on your own and make it happen for the rest of the week and you can watch some video of the day with more coins to win.", "less ads would be great they seem to always be trying to persuade you to spend money.", "A lot of fun & very distracting when ur trying to get things done! But fun as well!", "Good game but gonna uninstall cos too many ads really annoying", "Constant ads, it's abonoxious. The ads interfere with game play taking away from the enjoyment.", "ads. ads. ads. only game I have ever played where an ad pops up in the middle of an ad. unplayable.", "not horrible, but extremely boring and slow", "Worse app in THE GALAXY. too many ads and freezes to mich and gives viruses. DON'T DOWNLOAD IT.", "its awesome to pass time in between other games by these guys too ..see how far you can get on the diff prizes etc...and if you dont think this is a real post or whatever it is called you can get the middle", "More adds and prompts to make in game purchases than actual game play, which Is a shame as it could be a good game when you get to have any actual play.", "Thus is basically just ads and lame mechanics", "extra aggressive ad rate and money prompts", "way too many ads id delete the game if i wasn't playing it to get gold in another game", "i like play this game but i hate went you get the last puzzle pices", "Not a bad app. I downloaded it to gain points for another game. It's good for killing a little bit of time.", "only issue i have is not recieving extra coins for downloading and playing other games", "so addicted to this game. lol", "thhae quests to get coins once you compete tasks or play levels require .you dont get coins", "too many ads, very bad", "Overhelm with scam popups and LOTS LOTS advertisemnt.", "Entertaining way to waste time. Ad heavy though.", "Literally just an app to view commercials in exchange for virtual rewards and no actual gameplay.", "it wont load my prizes", "It's addictive coin PLAY to skint ya pockets", "Fun game and keeps me interested even with the requirement to watch videos to keep the pace up.", "to many ads. makes the game unenjoyable.", "It was pretty fun until the barrage of popups.", "fun game, too many ads though.", "ice addictive game sometimes too many ads", "fun to play, but too many ads and pop ups during play.", "Way to many pop up ads", "can't stop playing", "alrigjt games but riddled with ads", "Good game but ads all the time.", "It is okay. I have to be really bored to play.", "way to pushy to spend money!", "awesome. hate the ads", "way too mant pop ups - too distracting.", "Too many invasive ads.", "heavily enjoy it the game. it's silly but great and i have been playing for ages", "way too many ads, uneventful gameplay", "I love this game! can't stop playing!", "a very, you have to pay attention to many things!!\u261d\ufe0f", "works great good game to pass time for example if your at a bus stop whip out a bit of coin dozer \ud83d\udc4c", "mindless fun. I like the daily quests.", "if u can up date it and u can get 500 coins", "Deleting after 5 minutes. Spent more time closing ads then actually \nplaying. This sucks", "As close to the Real as you can get in an app.", "its fun. but to many ads", "You can't play the game because of so many adds.", "went through this 3 now 4th try", "fun game. very time consuming and easy to play.", "It's decent enough. Screen gets very busy when its in full advertising mode. But you don't have to spend money", "Way too many ads..wow.", "you will spend half the play time on ads and pop up notifications.", "keeps me on the edge of my seat waiting for the next coin", "I wish i could cover these items into real cash", "not super exciting. but something to do", "boreing not changed since it came out", "fun time waster. nuff sed Be patient with the game and you will go far. there is methode to playing it.", "it's fun and well we could too with less ads or at least get some coins or something for waiting too get back too the game other than that it's a great game....", "great waste of time when you need a distraction", "Bit boring but something to pass the time", "fun game. nice graphics and control. love playing it to kill time. little to none on pop up ads. good game", "fun at first but very very money grubby", "i have downloadwd this game onto every device ive had for the last 5 years", "did offers never got reward", "just down right a good game. maybe a little top many adds.", "it is so fun that i cant stop playing it!!!!!!", "To many ads, drives you mad", "have to watch to many videos to keep playing", "Sooo Addictive, I'm way too obsessed with this game \ud83d\ude06", "terribleness the best of the year and a half day leave the office and will have the opportunity to meet up for a while ago but haven't received a call from the university of Texas Austin and I will have the opportunity to work", "At the Palaceuse to play that game., alday long. But it paid off in quarters", "Great game something you can play any where. Its worth playing.", "Passing the time, too many ads.", "it wont let me go 30 SECONDS without stopping gameplay with some ad disguised as special prizes or games.", "it's fun just sucks when u sues all your coins and it wants you to spend money to get more coins instead of an add", "non sensicle-addictive \ud83d\ude01 lol", "Never received dozer dollars for completing task says received but can't email about missing dollar's ridiculous.", "Keeps giving me an error", "its time killer \ud83d\udc95 addicted.", "so addicting cant stop playing", "way to many adds (deleted)", "lots fun playing this game.may all your dream come true lol", "last time i played this game you could sell your prizes ,this time you cant maybe im doing something wrong", "Great time-waster. Wish they had a non-cash way to purchase extra coins.", "i love this silly game. it takes a little skill. believe it or not.", "more coins less ads please", "like the game but a lot of ads", "definitely mindless fun they just need new machine variants then they'd be perfect", "Love this game. Have installed it on multiple phones throughout the years, always fun and great for relaxing and passing time.", "ads +ads+still more ads=DELETE", "doesn't work one installed", "fun and brainless. addicting and easy", "I can't stop playing", "okay, my 10year old Grandson stayed the weekend, he chooses one game to download when he comes over.. The child left, went back home Sunday..\ud83d\ude11 I'm in the \ud83d\udec0\ud83c\udffdBath.. at 3:30am Thursday morning playing this here game\ud83e\udd26\ud83c\udffd\u200d\u2640\ufe0f\ud83d\ude02 It reminds me of the ole games at the Fair (of course minus the sounds & sm...Full Review", "this game is cool if ur bored or don't know what to do.", "Really cute game. Haven't won anything yet but it's still cute.", "way to many ads", "excessive amount of ads", "frustrating and fun all at the same time", "good little time killer", "get caught up on the game", "someting 2play 2pass the time. i think its a cool game.", "runs out too quick.. nit enough free options to get more", "confusion trying to do levels", "Can't stop playing! Super fun!", "can't stop playing \ud83d\ude00", "dont know whats happening"], "POP! Slots - Free Vegas Casino Slot Machine Games": ["The worst of the slots apps. you never win, or get the free spins and the games uninteresting. I only played to win coins for another game but it's so hard to reach higher levels when it drip feeds you coins to lose in 30 seconds. don't bother.", "Average at best.... Unless you're a bot.., get lucky..., or pay money..., that majority of the time you're using all your chips and waiting for time bonuses... very disappointing game... Not a very exciting game at all....", "it takes up too much storage for a mobile device and it won't allow me to download on my kindle. had to delete game because I didn't have enough storage other than that major problem all good the game is great. can you please probably fix it to where you can download it on a tablet because it takes ...Full Review", "Best games to play but not enough wins or chips to play more than 5 minutes even tried buying chips alot actually played 1 billion chips in half hour too manybots winning will never get another cent off me bummer love game BIG RIPOFF BY NO MEANS FREE AND EVEN QHEN YOU BUY RIPS YOU OFF", "better if this game had boosters like double level xp and daily challenges to complete disappointed in the coins you only get for daily login could be better to benefit players who buy the in game currency and who dont i like the gameplay but just frustrates me to see it have bad ratings everywhere ...Full Review", "love it runs out of money fast didn't pay out rewards yet still satisfied with the stress release i get from the game", "Could give bigger hourly/daily bonuses to those who play and pay alot!!!", "So far Pop! Slots is the best social media casino slots game available in my oppinion. Real prizes \ud83d\udc4d", "Helpful this app is helpful because it really gives robux I'd recommend you download the app", "Hours of fun and hours of time wasted.", "still waiting on my free chips", "fff g.jj j.g r RV v", "perfect game so much fun", "very addictive game 5stars from me", "I like this app", "Nice animations never crashes", "my favorite! o", "fun game to play", "game sucks.", "really kool!\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\udc4d", "I love this game. think I'm going to like it.", "enjoyed all games i played", "Love this game... I play everyday and it has amazing games.", "it passes time and it's actually fun.", "its a game", "so fun and nice games", "good free slot game", "good game to play", "very fun to play", "its good", "Best Game", "Gd", "tt", "good for time.", "pretty fun", "awesome graphics", "its great", "addictive and fun", "Love it!", "Great Game", "love this game", "i love this app", "great game", "its fun", "good game", "fun game", "good stuff", "fantastic \ud83d\udc4d", "cool", "exciting", "good", "good", "great", "love it", "cool", "lovely", "nice", "great", "Really loved the game, slots were gun to play. You also actually receive real rewards that you can use. One thing I didn't know is if you don't sign in with your facebook account right away you will loose the points that you have accumulated playing as a guest. That was my only complaint, if I would...Full Review", "Amazing. If you love CONSTANT ads, this game is for you! Latest update is phenomenal, they added these events where you have to bet jackpot level to even qualify. The best part, during this time the slots are tighter than a duck's butt so you are sure to lose all your money. Just wasted over 80 mill...Full Review", "Yet another rippoff casino game. I guess people like giving casinos real money for no real reason. This is a not a game morons. It is a casino money making scheme. Give them real money for fake chips? Enjoy losing. In fact enjoy losing all you chips every couple hours for the rest of your gaing days...Full Review", "pretty fun. i downloaded it to get diamonds for another game and im now addicted lol. you win these gold coins (slowly) for casinos nights in real life. so for instance 150,000 coins gives you a free room, 20,000 gives you free adult drinks or free dinner and stuff in los vegas. its pretty cool.", "I'm now giving this game only two stars. Due to the fact that to many errors in there system. Last night was playing on three slots that went to there special winnings game and froze up. I lost at least 50 billion chips from this. I find it very unlikely that they will return my winnings. So for thi...Full Review", "Fun game to play, really addicting but I spent probably $80 of my real money with this game and have nothing to show for it. I haven't won big in a long time. You would think since I spent money with this app they would want to make me a little happier so I would spin more. Let me win a couple times...Full Review", "More than just a slot game, it actually makes it worth your while because you can use chips won in the game toward real-world goodies! That being said, I've noticed that you lose a lot more often, lately, especially when you bet more (as you're often encouraged to do). I've gone from billions to a f...Full Review", "it's quite possibly the most boring and unfulfilling slot Ive ever played. the downs in the game far out weigh the ups. customer support, forget a star, more like a moon. Should have stayed in Vegas!", "I would give it a 5 star if it would do one thing. And that is stop crashing and kicking me out of the game!! I can't even count on my fingers how many times It has crashed and kicked me out of a game I was playing. And it was just updated??", "Can be maddening when you don't win for a while but then a large bonus round win occurs and it's great fun again! Would like to see new games that do not require large bet to do well though. Seems like the new games are getting more expensive. What I like the best is using the rewards with the partn...Full Review", "I love this game, its my favorite right now, but I spend alot of money and I feel there should be a bigger payout on bonuses or at least more frequently like every 30 minutes. I think im gonna take a break for awhile. Crazy thing is I happened upon this game trying to get diamonds for Covet. At this...Full Review", "I wnjoy the app when it works properly. The app is supposed to let you hit stop while it is spinning. Instead it keeps spinning for a couple seconds, enough to make you get nothing. Other times it does not even bring up the stop option and keeps spinning for 30 seconds, despite you hitting stop seve...Full Review", "I had 40 million coins and lost them all on the game. I didn't even get the free spin bonus or anything. People that were playing next didn't even hit the bonus. I am so frustrated with this slot game at not letting the free spins bonus hit. About to uninstall the app", "I use to love this game but after spending hundreds of dollars and losing every chip within minutes I'm fed up! every time I have complained they always blame it on my connection and give me some chips, as if it makes it all better... I am so upset I can't see straight! I had over 500 million in chi...Full Review", "give me my robux my user name is ESAIASISTHEKING dont space it dont lowercase it pls i orderd 500 robux and i did what ya said and checked if i had my 500 and i had 0 ROBUX!!! what a waste of time or ima rate your stuff 1 hurry", "waste of time. I had to uninstall some important apps to play to reach level 18 to earn credits for Design Home game but it didn't reward me. it doesn't even show on Tap that I downloaded it. liars", "Dissatisfied and disappointed. Went to go make a purchase for a good deal, $8.99 for 17.5 million and I get to smash a pinata. I got the coins but no pinata. I made a complaint and was told I would receive a 25% discount on my next purchase. why would I buy something else if I didnt get what I paid ...Full Review", "was good fun. never pays out anymore. havent had a big win in weeks and weeks. the amount given for daily spins is miniscule (level 140) so is the level up bonus considering it takes over a week to level up playing very frequently. last win i had was new year and 100m spent in 10 mins tops and won 2...Full Review", "Pay to win. This game is the worst for it I play a slot machine 7 times in a row when I got respin on the oz machine I recieved zero for it. Went from 100k to 0. Also the math is incorrect. 20 times 20 times 54 does not equal 2k and I should have got a lot more for it. Another thing is that unless y...Full Review", "Developer's.....What's Good??? I had to change my rating due to the fact games Do not payout anymore. what happen to King Kong it stays empty and stay taking my money along with other slots. PLEASE FIX. I really enjoy playing.", "DO NOT BUY CHIPS!!!! I have purchased several times and lost my A**! I have only won big on free Chips!!! Don't get sucked into buying chips, they take them away within minutes, so that you buy more!. Update Do NOT buy into this. Will never let you hit if you buy. just keeps sucking you in!!!!!", "The Wall of Khan just took my coins. I had a bunch of places on the wall. The game got stuck on 1 spot left and no one seemed to get that spot. I finally left Pop Slots and went back in a few minutes later to see what I won and my winnings never showed.", "fun but as soon as you start putting money in to it the game will start begging for more money then start paying out less so you run out of chips quicker. I expect that from betting shops but not a game but unfortunately it happens with all games. I haven't put any money in for a couple of weeks and...Full Review", "i cant belive that an awesome app like this would screw me over i played into the fu game had like 7 spots and then when all the spots where full the game started or so i thought it would not let me play or watch the game and never received any chips just got screwed out of the chips i spent and the...Full Review", "so i recently purchased 2 chip packages and they introduced a new game. the game was glitching and wouldnt play the community bonus, i told tech support showed receipts so for the 170 million chips i purchased they sent a voucher for 30m ummm yeah no thanks. i get and see how they could get alot of ...Full Review", "Dont bother!!! Spent money on coins and got ripped off by the game. The game logged me out and when I logged back in my coins, bonus game spots, and fu wheel spots were gone. They argued with me and refused to compensate me for the items lost by their game error.", "bought 7 coin packs in a week 3 today no big wins took it all in min. about to delete thus sorry ass game used to be fun now there just hungry for your money", "I keep getting kicked out... on the kong slot on the bonus i was at floor 90 and the rainball was happening and i got kicked out! i had 432x my points and now i get nothing! this is not right at all because now i dont have enough coins to play today..", "I've been playing for about 5 months now only had 3 good wins, no fun when your constantly spinning away all your chips maybe if i had more wins i would give it a better rating after all its a free game with predend chips doesn't really encourage me to buy chips.", "every time you are winning watch your money you will be winning big be kicked out and only get 1% of what you w o n then u play 4 4 hours and no 1 hits any bonus 3 hours talk about thiveng apps that's y u can't get a hold of anyone until it is pay them time that think we r as dumb as there rules and...Full Review", "I selected 55in TV, and chose case 11, won 1,000.000. never received TV it's like I've never won anything. If I could give zero stars for waste of time I would. No stars _0000000", "Shittest slot game ever. Hi, here's a win. Now the rigged game gives you nothing for 2 hours. Didnt even burn all my chips. Too many cash greedy slot games.", "cant give minus 1 star, did hundreds of spins in game and cant even get one bonus spin in the group bonus ,something is wrong, dont pay for points, you wont get your money worth, to bad, was a good game and now is slim!!!!!!", "I loved this game! I would have big wins and would go from 33 million to 1 million. I didnt change my bet at all. this has happend 3 times to me. I am ready to give this game up.", "I was on level 51. it some how started over and put me back in the beginning I refuse to start over so I am deleting this app which was my favorite game so thanks......\ud83d\ude21", "Love the game and interface but I deleted my facebook account and now can't log in...need help as I made google play purchases yet no way to login in with this option as other games have? Why I give only 3 stars", "Every time I collect my bi-hourly bonus, it disappears from my total amount of chips. I have less chips than I had before I opened the app and I didn't even play it", "It would be more fun if you won more often. You get your daily chips and lose them in 3 minutes.", "Be careful using your credit cards on this site it will charge u twice and there is no way to get your money back or even contact the developers. Will b uninstalling! Buyer beware use at a rush!!\ud83e\udd14\ud83e\udd14\ud83e\udd14\ud83e\udd14\ud83d\ude23\ud83d\ude23\ud83d\ude23\ud83d\ude23", "horrible! waste of time. One big commercial.", "Really disappointed, deleted all my progress and winnings at level 61, i literally did nothing it happened while i was sleeping.", "unfriendly game... great graphics, great set up, great slots... poor payoyts. If you want to play this game you better have deep pockets.", "i would give it 5stars BUT, the amount of real money i spend on this does not equal to high wins... so only 4 stars for the graphics and gameplay.", "Nice interface. Guides u through the games. Not boring. Maybe the details above each player can be more visible. eg if something is in the way show over it . I like to see where players are from and how much they have one. Makes it more real \ud83d\ude09", "400m spent and got 3.6m. Absolutely ridiculous. dont play unless you want to lose that amount in minutes", "was awesome game but now just keeps freezing in free spins so I'm bout to just delete it not fun anymore and you dont hardly hit up", "I just won up to 17million dollars, turned the game of for a little while and logged back in to find all my money gone.. that is really crappy.. is there anything admin can do about this?", "Non buying players don't win the same. Starts you off with bonus spins constantly, then later, you ll spend 2 million plus before another free spin comes.", "love the avatars and you can play with others. the coin when start isn't much but you get prizes and it's really fun games. My favorites is 1st casino. the wizard of oz is fun", "I get kicked out of a chair game closes sometimes. overall I really enjoy slots thru pop slots", "I'm sorry but this is a well deserved rating.you say free and fun.thats not the case pop ups in the middle of your game,buy chips.you don't give enough to play for 20min..you buy chips and they disappear faster than a casino.I'm sorry but it's not fun when you cant play.", "Was having fun playing until the game froze and ate 8 million coins! Really disappointing.", "doesn't give you all of your winning chip i won over 1M & my winning chip is still at 4 thousand. This game is a ripe off!!! Don't waste your time!", "This game is a complete waste of time and money, you will never win do not play this game!!!", "PAY TO WIN!!!!!! NEVER GET BONUS SPINS/FREE SPINS SO IF YOU NOT WILLING TO SPEND MONEY DONT BOTHER WITH THIS GAME", "i love this app its the only one i play.it has awesome games,bonus rounds and sweet payouts.best part is all the while racking coins towards free rooms in vegas..this is the best app.", "very cute game. i play it at least once a day after building up coins every 2 hrs when i can", "No option to disable notifications. Constantly blows up my with no way rid of the annoyance", "I already went up to that it's level and I didn't get nothing", "was really fun at first, now lose more than winning. can spin 20 to 30 times without a win and they encourage betting more to be eligible for better payouts.", "BE WARE OF THIS APP!! THEY ARE DEBITING MONEY OUT OF ACCOUNTS!!!!! EVEN OUT OF ACCOUNTS OF PEOPLE WHO DONT EVEN HAVE THE APP! Today I had an issue with Amazon and while going over my account statement we discovered charges from Google Play service! dug alittle deeper and found out its this app calle...Full Review", "DONT INSTALL. Their ad keeps coming up on my phone and draining my bsttery. I cant even send a sms without their ad coming up on my phone at least twice. DONT INSTALL.", "only slot machine game I've played that gives you a casino feel.I even recommend over Ceasers Slots I'm trying to give two thumbs up but I need one to pass that spin button.", "RR3 HACK DOES NOT WORK ANY ADVICE ?", "spent money time and no wining nothing not funny at all", "7500 minimum bet and the win ratio and payouts are ridiculously small.", "I would like to know why I didn't get my special offer", "horrible CS they delete tickets instead of responding. Take money not honor promos", "sure its fun. but slow to level up.", "I have no complaints so far. Thse slots have lots of great options, descent payouts, a large selection of games to play, are very realistic and quite entertaining. I really have enjoyed my casino experience and have actually had some fun while trying my luck on this site. Thanks bunches and lots!! \u262e...Full Review", "Fun game! definately better than losing all my money at a smoke choked casino.", "been playing this game for months. was fun at first but it never lets me win. i play through my daily bonus and never win. uninstalling.", "not sure how the game work something", "It's addictive but like any gambling, you never win. They always take all money no matter what", "was fun until bigger bet then no wins so i guess they can sell you in gamemoney for your real money if i wanted touse real money i wantchance to winfor real will be deletingnow that im broke", "love this game but...its expensive. they need to offer more rewards.", "worst slot game out there. so not play", "im doing this to level 9 to get robux but this site lied to me! \ud83d\ude32\ud83d\ude1d", "the game freezes, gold coin don't register, fu don't come out , spin 1,500,000 27 times no points given found lots of problems gave low ratings game still under review", "I just love playing this game there's always something going on it just a joy the pay outs are really good .so why not down load the game and see for yourself you won't be disappointed 5 stars from me foxy", "I have fun playing on it like the oz game but can't win ever", "I hate this game guys dont download this 8ts the worst", "thank you for the app. i really enjoy playing and it sticks in my mind more than any others", "bad app, don't waste your time", "really fun game addictive would give 5 but I feel like it should \"pay out\" more in relation to how much you bet", "This game is so off the hook, very addicting!!", "my game fu keeps locking up on me", "app is crashing and not replacing my coins", "too many pop ups to buy stuff", "my #1 favorite games to play multiple times a day. whom ever is reading this review you should definitely play this game it is so much fun and helps time fly by", "signed up on Facebook got bonus spent all tokens and not 1 win 250,000 tokens and not 1 win of any sorts, so unless you are into losing out dont waste your internet to download", "lame, can't even win", "ZERO STARS !!!so i down load reach goal and i dont get my reward thats no way to do business!!!!!!", "bet 60,000 game coins in 12 spins and won 1,250 game coins, i play a lot but keep losing much more than winning", "there needs to be more free spins, takes to long!", "omg I love this game, I'm always bored and this really just flows with that mood making it feel less boring and more fun !!!!!!", "haven't got real money yet", "No fun don't win enough", "it is a good app,i loveee it i play it all the time it is agood game on the go", "it has it's ups and downs, but overall it's a good app!", "I really enjoy the bonuses. the graphics r great. very addictive. I love playing Pop! Slots.", "best game ever love that you can walk around like in real life", "Definitely pretty fun, I like that you can see other people's profile, and see where they're from. Plenty of gamblers out there \ud83d\ude02", "I absolutely love this game. it's kinda tough at first ,but once you figure out the machines it becomes really addicting \ud83d\ude00", "This slot is alot of fun, just doesnt pay out to much. However, i like it.", "good game, not enough wins and daily coins though", "This game sucks the app never opens ugghhh", "loved it til I started getting disconnected every time I tried play.", "this game is so much fun, you win, and you can get real prizes you can redeem!", "it keeps taking my free spins", "I'm just doing this for a challenge but I wish they wouldn't take so much tokens away", "only after your money", "love this game, lots of payouts and i \ud83d\udc9e the way its set up.", "This is so much fun! Easy to play and lose track of time.", "member 393 not working plz fix", "worst slot game ever", "Not getting my chips \ud83d\ude2e", "this is a very fun game but also aggrivating", "fun to waste time on slots!", "very funny really enjoy it", "after i updated it today it will not open the app", "cute app I like how unique the set up as compared to all the other casino apps", "very fun I love it wish it was paying out a little bit more but it's fine", "great fun!!! and being able to win prizes and make rewards for the walk in casinos is exciting too", "I enjoy the games, you can advance rather quickly", "just started playing, i like it so far, what i can tell..", "love this game... although its hard to move up a level takes forever", "Really fun game, I love it", "Great Game with a lot of Excitement and Fun..", "ALWAYS LOOK forward to playing", "i love this game. i just think they need to give out biger daly bonuses.", "This is the best casino game ever... they let you win more ....very exciting game!!!", "nice game, bet high of you want to win. pays good!", "brilliant game lot's of fun welldone pop slots", "Awesome Game, I Play It Everyday", "mos def !!!", "Not a bad game to pass the time!!! good graphics, cool outfits lol", "fun game!", "really fun game \ud83d\ude01 love it", "love this game just like real life lol", "excellent game!!", "i just play for robux lol"], "Mahjong": ["It's a really fun and addictive game, a great way to pass the time. However, it has way too many ads that end up taking away from the experience. It would also be nice if the levels had different backgrounds that correspond with the level name instead of the same background for all levels. It would ...Full Review", "So many adds!!! after your first 3 games, the whole screen cuts to an add break that you can't close until the add finishes playing, in between every single game! And they play sound even if you change all the settings in the game to silent. I do expect some adds but when each game only takes 30 sec...Full Review", "Used to be a great game, and it has honed my mahjong skills. Occasionally, the ads would block out internet radio stations. This got better, but now, often the ads lock up the game when they appear, making the game unusable for an indefinite period of time. it appears to be currently 2 ads for Prope...Full Review", "Its great! Unfortunately I do not really like it when they light up. It is ment to be helpful but is inaccurate. Other than that the game is great and that one thing is nothing wrong with the game, just a personal preference. thanks it is fun Joe Gillis", "I am addicted to this game, it's piece of mind for me, I have been playing it for years daily, I recommend it to anyone that likes to be challenged.... One more thing, you can find a way to win every game,no reason to EVER lose if you think it through!!!!\ud83c\udfc5\u2665\ufe0f\u203c\ufe0f\u2733\ufe0f\ud83d\udcaf\ud83c\udfc6\ud83c\udf89\ud83d\udd23", "This is a pretty fun game! You have to watch a video to shuffle the cards when you can't move to be able to clear a level get to the next level; which in truth is annoying. But I still think, this is pretty fun. Glad I got it!", "would had been 5 stars except that after every level i have some annoying ad that i can't even skip without a certain amount of time having past. but otherwise a good game and a great time waster. im particularly fond of how it highlights the tiles which are available. it makes it easy to get throug...Full Review", "this comes up in a search for no ads, but it most definitely has ads. A LOT of ads, and really loud and obnoxious even when sound is turned off. gave more than one star because the game is really well done otherwise.", "I love Mahjong! But I like it best when there are different types of flowers on the tiles. I play that theme most, cause it makes me feel good /happy. I like the delicate music that accompanies your puzzles and I respect your use of traditional themed tiles. The numbered ones are especially awesome ...Full Review", "Interesting tactic to show no ads until after you ask to rate 5 stars, probably why this is so highly rated, but after that you get an ad after every puzzle. Combine that with at least an initial difficulty of 'brainless' means I get a full screen ad about every minute and a constant banner ad the r...Full Review", "Be careful with review averages. the game authors force a 5 rating. some things i like: magnifies as field gets smaller; highlights free tiles. game is simple. tiles are distinctly different, so not hard to find. game forces timed play with no option to turn off.", "The games are good, when you can play them without having to wait for all the frustratingly annoying ads to run. I'm using my data waiting for ads to finish, ads that are 100% unrelated to anything i would be interested in. This is a sad thing because it so annoys me i'm uninstalling the game.", "This is the worst. You have to view adds all the time even if you are fast enough to get 3 stars. What a sad way to handle things...", "Ads for Adult games!? My young boys play games on my phone and we love Majong.. so when an ad showing a girl tied up with the choice to undress her shows up? UNINSTALL", "so far so good... made it to the third game and then it forced me to rate before actually getting to see all aspects... wouldnt let me close the rate window so that's annoying... here's to hoping it isnt always annoying...", "The game works well and had nice soothing music. What I don't enjoy are the ads in between every level and then again at the bottom of the screen while playing. They're bright, annoying, and distracting. This destroys the soothing experience of the game.", "the game is great, but after two levels it prompts you to rate five stars and won't let you close the prompt or press \"later\". If you rate it, it won't allow you to resume to game still. there's no way to continue playing.", "It's a great game, but everytime you finish a board an ad pops up & you have to \"X\" Out to move on to the next board. It gets annoying. Other then that its a great game", "when I was young boy my mom used to play mahjong with a group of ladies at a board game table I used to watch them and wondered how in the world are they playing that game later on in life. I decided to learn how to play mahjong it's really very relaxing and I enjoy it a lot too bad my mom's no long...Full Review", "excellent build but needs higher difficulty. please increase tile placement randomization. I figured out a technique that works on every level allowing me to be sure to beat the level in most cases, and usually in under 2 min. I would buy, but need slightly higher failure rate before I do. it's too ...Full Review", "The game is fairly straightforward. You pair blocks to remove them from different shaped stacks. It works fine, no glitches. What really bugs me though, is the amount of absolutely inappropriate ads in between the levels. At one point it showed me an ad depicting a pregnant woman walking in on her c...Full Review", "I like it. It's addicting The music was annoying after a while, even though I like that kind of music, but I was able to turn it off. I guess the point of the game is just to get through all those levels to get to the end. It's fast moving because of the time, even though I'm not sure what part time...Full Review", "Good app buy with too much advertising. Advertising is bombarding you. The nastiest things is when you get stuck and you need to watch an ad to reshuffle the tiles that where deliberately designed to not let you solve the solitary. Good graphics though and relaxing music", "I don't understand all the positive reviews. I had to uninstall because way too many ads. i would expect one for perks (like the free reshuffle), and maybe one every 3-5 games (every five games being a happy compromise for free ganeplay and every three being on the irritating edge of uninstalling).....Full Review", "Gave the option to rate 5 stars, choose to do it later, or close the window to continue playing. Too bad only one of those options actually worked. Forcing a 5 star rating gets a 1 out of me.", "I love this game! Keeps my old brain keep thinking...\u2661\u2661\u2661 Still playing but had to delete & redownload cause it wouldn't connect with Feb 2019. Don't know why but I only do play for myself... LoL \ud83e\udd17", "Great. It has too many adds to get 5/5 stars, but it's ok for everyday use. The daily challenges are good, but you need to watch an add if you miss a day to see it. It's good quality, it just needs to have less adds, please.", "I tried several levels, but didn't find it challenging at all, bored quickly. An easy one for the Kiddos... especially if you change the the tile front pattern around for matching fruit, etc. Good graphics.", "Like the sound fx: Chinese sounding music, clicking tiles when they match, wobble sound for wrong tiles. Lots of levels, can go as fast or slow as you want. A fun game.", "This is so much fun but very addictive. I have always wanted to learn to play Mahjong and this app taught me the basics and now I cannot stop playing! Everything can wait until I finish...just...one...more...round!", "the game is fun. however, but after 5 lvls i could not get it to react to anything. it was a zombie process. I had to kill the app and restart it to keep going. that's a problem.", "Apart from the rediculous amout of adverts, the game itself is very much playable and looks good too. I would take a star or 2 pff fot the amount of ads, but i feel generous this time of year.", "A great game to pass time, awesome to keep me sharp if I actually time myself and try to improve, but also nice to pass time during a boring TV show..love it.. beautiful graphics, nice job. Free version is fantastic.", "I am a novice but love to play.My mother and her lady friends used to play this game once a week,when I was a little girl,and I did not know what it was all about .I am now 83 years young and doing what my mother did.thankyouniw it is the 19th January 2019 and am really loving this again thankyou", "A great game! Fun and time passing. The ads are after each game play but can be closed after just a few seconds. No big deal. Download if you love Mahjong!", "this is an addicting type of game, i have trouble with the small pieces so i am never getting to the end of the time. is it set for a certain time or by the game,?this is jus my preference but i do not like spiders,or reptiles, so when you flash on the screen with a pitcher of spiders crawling aroun...Full Review", "Too many political ads. I don't know if the creators have any control over the advertising content allowed, but many ads I was shown contained political content. I don't mind ads (creators should make money from their product), but the ads should be neutral.", "This game is both relaxing and exhilarating. It all depends on the attitude you approach each board with. The clock is another level of fun! Bloody great game...thanks!", "I have loved Mahjong for a long time now, so I'm happy to have it as a phone app game. Not crazy about the loud clap of the tiles when they are matched, though. I like more serene music, but maybe that's just because I like to play this game to relax or just before going to bed!", "Very fun game! Challenges your memory skills. Relaxing. Advertisements are easy to avoid, and memory space on phone is minimal. Worth getting if you want a simple game that requires little investment.", "game would be great but has literally frozen in the middle of each match. causing you tonforce stop and reopen the app to resume play. fix that glitch!", "its great, but the timing for which the mahjonj is touched is horrible... it adds more time which should not be added AT ALL. Definitely isnt fare ti the player. thanks amd have a great day xoxo", "It said I hate the graphics, but I meant how to say I like. So I don't like that part. Other than that the game is simple easy to play and good to pass time", "Awesome game! love the oriental background music. It's so soothing and makes you feel you're in China. love how the tiles click when you've matched a pair, giving you a sense of completion. I love how the screen enlarges automatically as the tiles lessen. Lovely features which make for a pleasant ga...Full Review", "this is fun....but wayyyyy too many ads, and I cant find an option to pay to get rid of ads. will try to download s different mahjong to save my sanity :(", "Music is soothing like most Mahjong games I have played. Game plays easy but gets difficult soon enough for a beginner. Lots of game settings so you can customize according to your ability and preferences.", "Love this Mahjong. Positives, doesn't lock up, the daily puzzles are great, and it keeps my brain going. negative... it's addictive. once I start I can't stop!", "WOW what a game! This is so much fun. Graphics are so good! Did not know how to play Mahjong until I started the game! Thank you folks for all your hard work! Recommend this game highly! Kenneth.", "so far so good, i like playing. I have a lot of games but after awhile their boring.", "Alert one must be to use one's time wisely. Waiting in a line or sitting all the time. Wasting away you'll be if Mahjong you're not playing don't you see.", "I want to go backwards on the daily but it says the movies of commercials aren't available at this time. What's the problem. Keepss me from enjoying all the features", "I love the game. I just think that when I turn off sound and music, the ads should be silent also. Audible ads kinda defeats the purpose of turning off sound/music in settings", "The mahjong game is fun ! The colors are fun and it times u and thats what i like? To see how fast i can beet the game? I do play 30 other mahjong games and the bored game too but this one is fun!!", "way too many ads. the app even gives push notifications for no reason. the game itself works fine but you've ruined it by putting an ad over the screen every 5 seconds", "it's like a meditation, moving pieces off the board. Not hard at all, but soothing.", "App high jacked the game until we agreed to give a rating. can't give anything 5 stars if it won't allow me to play first", "Great game. In my experience once you start playing, it's extremely hard to stop playing. Addictive big time. Have fun playing everyone!", "Not crazy about timers but I love Mahjong and the clicking when matched is awesome! Like that there are levels as that means there's more to do.", "I like mahjong alot. I've been playing for years. This seems very basic and good for beginners. I haven't gotten to the difficult ones yet", "I love playing this game on my computer. it helps take stress away. Beware it is Habit Forming. you start playing u dont want to Quit", "Games should not take permissions to change other active apps. For example this app keeps pausing pandora even though it does not have any permissions to do do", "they won't let you play unless time ou rate them, so I give them 0 stars because it's too pushy.", "The game was fun and interesting..Until i got to levels that were unwinnable without watching a video. Completely pointless games aren't what i came for.", "New player to this site but so far it has been fun. The hands have been good and easy for younger people to play. So join me to see if you agree. cyndie", "Game is nice but control of sound doesn't work and sound for matching tiles is quite loud and annoying. Turning off sounds in settings doesn't work at all.", "there seems to be a lag in the time between when I tap on the pair of tiles and the graphics response....a minor glitch due to coding errors ? or perhaps a bug ?", "Invasive ads. Need to offer a paid version. cannot give more than 3 stars because of the ads.", "I never give more than three stars to an app that interrupts gameplay to ask for a five-star rating. Gameplay is good, but ads are numerous and the ad bar across the bottom of the app is annoying and prone to miss-clicks.", "Just got it and it seems good fun. The game moves along at a good pace and I like that I can turn off the irritating sounds.", "Very soothing background music and the clicks, when the tiles are matched provides a satisfying feeling. Clean interface and clear logic. So far I am loving it. 5 stars also for privacy. Did not ask me for any of my personal data like media files, location or phone data base. All apps should be like...Full Review", "too easy -- I like a challenge, but most levels here are literally solvable in less than a minute. And the ads after each game makes it a new ad every minute.", "so far so good. adverts are a pain and that's after only 10 games!!!.......watch this space...", "i don't like timed play. i want better puzzles that you can play at your whim not as required to get to another level.", "I love the game but I hate being timed. I think you should just be rewrded for solving the puzzle not for how fast you can do it.", "Very good brain stimulation. Could not put the phone down after I started the game. I particularly like the levels and time measured feature. Great game to pass the time in a waiting room", "i just love mahjong. it is so challenging for your mind yet it is a calming time for me after a busy day with my grandchildren and great grands.", "lots of fun! 4 stars only because when you are finishing up the whole thing comes closer which makes me uncomfortable.", "Fun game with interesting layouts. Due to the political ads/questionaires I am uninstalling this app - I don't want anything political when I am enjoying a game.", "Love this Mahjong the best but too too many long ads. *****(I wish I could pay for a limited ads version.)***** Love the move in screen as you play!", "its a fun game. starts easy gets harder. just wish the had a maze game or something to break up the same thing", "I love this game. it challenges your eye site and coordination skills. I'm on level 10 already in less than 40 minutes", "Kinda wish you didnt have to watch ads for all of the past month's levels. Otherwise it's a great game.", "Nice implementation of the old Oriental classic. The background music is a nice touch, and complements the game perfectly. Well done!", "Very easy to play. Maybe too easy and the every time you match, the matched tiles slapping together gets annoying.", "Game is not that challenging but....the worst is that between puzzles you get this ad asking you to defend or say something nice about Trump.... disgusting what this red man has done to America...and now you find him every minute in this game.", "like to see how fast depending upon the way the Mahjong pieces are shuffled you never know when you start out if you're going to end up stuck or not I like to go as fast as I can enjoy recognizing similarities and differences my was analytical person and when I work so that's fun for me and definetl...Full Review", "Ratings only take more time away from Playing. The adds You allow speak of Your own values. I am \"permanently uninstalling\".", "i love traditional mahjong, so these \"levels\" are a little weird but i am enjoying it anyway. and the controls are easy.", "picture I seen before I downloaded it was tiles with Christmas trees and stuff like that I them I see nine of that in the game what happen to it I am uninstalling it now fix the issue and maybe I will re install it happy holidays", "I like the graphics & gameplay. PLEASE do sonething even pay to remove ads. Otherwise it might go bye bye. Way to many ads & no way to get rid of them.", "so far I like it the ads are not too annoying. I'll report back once I've played it a little long.", "fun game. takes me back when I could use capital letters until i lost a game of mahjong to a wizard ice cream truck driver who had a lot of dice. we'd roll dice for price on my wayne gretzky rookie card or ice slushies and candy for free. i lost my shirt one early morning during a thrilling game of ...Full Review", "Game is awesome, the ads are absolutely awful and annoying as hell. Do not dload this game unless you like ads.", "This is exactly the Mahjong I have been hoping to find! CanadaDroid: it is PERFECT! Thank you, from my failing vision!", "I am going to be playing this game alot more now;i am a 72year old grandmother who has been playing mahjong for years.", "kinda too easy if it's all just making 2&2 tho. still a fun way to burn time", "I love that the tiles are clear enough at every stage... and that they get bigger as you near the end of the game", "Mindless, time wasting, and great fun! Pattern matching clicking, lets your brain process other problems while you zone out with this!", "i dont like how you have to wait for the matching tiles to snap together before selecting the next pair. otherwise super version of addictive game.", "great game gets my attention from the moment I open the app I lose track of time so it's a great time killer and a fun game to play other than all the ads is a pretty good game I give you 5 stars the makers of this Mahjong game but you can lose some of the ads if it's possible", "Too easy. The algorithm they use to randomize tiles is applied by layer, so if you only match tiles on the top layer you never lose. Other than that the app is well designed.", "FULL of right wing ads. Was a overall good game but after each game was an ad full of propaganda. Goodbye", "Love the game. Not a huge fan of ads, they are about 30 secs per ad. Required to watch on shuffles and between games.", "not bad. too much ad between every level is annoying though.", "I can not stop playing. Been playing for an hour now and will not stop for hours, too much fun.", "Not enough ads. Please add more ads to this game. There really aren't enough. Every 1 min (end of each round) wow!! i don't believe anyone wants that level of forced advertising and voted 5stars for that many adverts in periods of 1 min.", "simple easy and it comes close when you program it. just need to togle the time i play for fun, not time", "Note 9 - fun play - Good for memory, small motor skills, eye/hand coordination. Starts easy and slowly increases on difficulty. And enjoyable.", "I love the images they're the right size so I can actually see them. I just don't like the timer on each levels", "I love that they highlight the free tiles! other mahjong apps don't do that and it makes identifying which tiles are actually playable a pain!", "good graphics and keeps me entertained during lunch breaks. Easy to play quick to load generally all roubd good game", "while there are quite a few ads, they don't interfere with the gameplay. it seems it starts with 2 of a tile instead of 4 so gameplay is pretty easy- breezy. havent found a hard to solve one yet. nice quick timekill thats somewhat mentally engaging.", "more fun if you update settings to not get highlighted free tiles. go to settings and turn it off.", "First time ever playin this game always went past it and come to find out I like it", "One of the best Mahjong games if not the best out there.And I was playing Majong for along long time now!", "I like it, but it is not too hard, but than again, I am not too far, so I don't know.", "Daily challenges is still not loading aps please fix thanks so much", "Very relaxing music. I like that watching a short ad shuffles the pieces and I always win. I enjoy not having to think too hard.", "I've always liked playing MaHjoNg. it's been a favorite since I don't know when. Very relaxing to me. I like the challenge \ud83e\udd28\ud83e\udd28\ud83d\ude0d", "I've only played for a few minutes, so don't know that much about gameplay...", "love mahjong games. this one is different because it caters to people with weak eyes. mahjong is great for hand eye coordination", "Very simple game...almost mindless. Excellent for Clinton or Ocasio-Cortez voters!", "Runs well, but the timer seems an excessive function. Also, too many adds.", "Graphics are great, the game plays smoothly, levels go quickly and it allows for you to relax and just play without stressing out. Perfect balance.", "I like playing Mahjong. I just wish that it was easier 2 unlock be all the levels. thank you for making the for people that cannot afford to play games that cost money.", "I like this game it makes you really concentrate and it makes you work on timing ,so you're working fast .So I like this game a lot .", "Addictive. Like being able to change the tile face. Lots of levels to choose from. Fun. Just don't like the numerous adds, but they are easy to exit.", "Wow this game rocks, it's so much better then my home PC and using my mouse. You can do it way faster!!!", "Fun to play, but some ads continue to freeze & can no longer play. Have to close & reopen.", "yeah so I pretty much fuccin hate games, like ALL games, buuuut this one's like addicting AF", "I love playing Mahjong and completed all the game levels. The game says new levels and chapters, \"Coming Soon.\" I am still waiting! The new daily puzzles are a nice little addition, but hopefully the regular game levels will be added soon. Thank you.", "uninstalled you do NOT blast your BS ads when I'm not even playing the damn game! get lost u slimy bastards", "Misplaced my old - very similar - mahjong game. These tiles are a bit different but I'll get used to them!", "Ive played many styles of Mahjong for a few years now. so far your game is a there with the best . . .but I haven't played whole app yet! Ask me again in a couple of weeks.", "not a bad app. seems to be like all others I played. good job. not much advertising which is nice", "fun starting out with mahjong teaches stradgey at slow pace. builds you to speed and sight.", "Way too many ads. The controls are somewhat complicated", "Terrible game, an ad after every level and you have to watch ads to complete levels. Not worth the effort of downloading and installing.", "freezes and you sit through many adds to get it back.also says you are a loser after3 seconds.Im old and don't need to race.I just enjoy playing.Stop the adds", "Didn't get to play long enough to know for sure just all there is.", "Game is okay.... So far. I haven't grown bored with the game, yet. But I can see it getting tedious, eventually.", "Froze before I could get past level 3....", "I don't have any I just love the game", "trouble free gaming. ads not a problem. hopefully, will get more difficult as the levels get higher. overall, good.", "I was disappointed by the fact that the game never gets more challenging. I finished every level with 3 stars each in less than a week.", "hate how many adds! the game itself is awesome. \ud83d\udc4f", "Ads timed out too long before play can be resumed.", "I have only played 3 games on my tablet, it seems to work fine. I'm enjoying it.", "This particular version if Mahjong is so addicting! Just when you think you've been there, seen that, done this, they throw a new, fun, and exciting twist that makes it near to impossible to stop playing the game!!!", "way too many ads! if not for the ADS after EVERY level I would have kept this game. :(", "Nice intro for this who have not played mahjong before. Also really nice tile design and graphics.", "I like when you get close to winning the screen moves. Thank you for all your hard work...", "Mindless and repetitve yet rewarding. It's just what I was looking for to quiet my mind sometimes.", "Love this game graphics are better than others I have played. Very addictive, can't stop once I start playing.", "Always loved Mahjong. I hope it challenges me as it used to years ago.", "I have always love playing mahjong games because it keeps the mind sharp and I also like the graphics and music.", "Trump ads to support a wall for a racist traitor rapist. You really want to show ads for that POS ? NEVER use this game.", "like the gradual lncrease ln difficulty. Had a stroke, so games are often to hard for me to start playing.thank you.", "great game but needs more menu instruction for those that don't normally play mobile games so like a tutorial would of been nice even to teach new players", "Doesn't have a bunch of pop-up ads, addictive.", "responds well and i like the way the tiles get bigger as they get less", "I like it but when it says I need to watch a videio to shuffle then it wont play and I lose thats annoying", "This game of tiles sure does tile a tile once or twice. I sure did enjoy tiling the tiles that were two tiles that have a matching design on the tiles, BUT BEWARE! You can only tile the tiles that look like they're the same two tiles though because those two are the two tiles that are tiles.", "Addictive and fast paced. Just a plain mahjong game with no bull. The ads are not overwhelming.", "Controls at first a little confusion but like the game.", "So addictive and calming! I could play all day long!", "Just started playing this app but am enjoying it sooo much & can't stop playing now great app", "Love the music, the tile pictures and the fact that I can listen to a book on my phone at the same time. :)", "i like everything about the game. It's quick and the tiles are designed to be \"seen\" easily. Old eyes sometimes play trix and these tiles are easy to \"read\". Great game ~ NOT overly animated. Highly recommend this to mahjong enthusiasts ... :)", "Easy to play anytime you have a few minutes to kill. Addictive as a mofo", "Nice game. The music is very repetitive.", "I know it starts off easy, but it will get more difficult with higher levels. it is, one of my favorite games.", "Too many videos to watch for a shuffle! Rather disappointed with the game.", "This could be a very enjoyable mahjong game. The graphics are good and game play is smooth, but this is pure ad delivery device. I understand and accept the concept of ad supported free apps, but this app holds your game hostage for 5 to 30 seconds at a time while it plays ads.", "I've only been playing it for a day or so give me some time to really enjoy it. Then I will rate it again", "It keeps the mind thinking as we get older.", "It's an okay game, but gets a little boring", "Alright game. Levels are fairly simple. 1-Star rating for forcing a review after 3 levels", "Brilliant, can't stop playing. Best graphics I've seen on a mahjong game.", "fun to play just wish not so many ads but thats how you make money", "Thought it was ok would like the tiles to be a little bigger hate having to wear glasses to play game", "it plays fine lost my phone with the game I loved no difference in play but I liked the tile faces better in the other game. excellent game! thanks.", "It's all right, I didn't play it that long. I'm not a fan of time limits.", "I'm still learning this game, but this app is very good and easy to follow.", "It has WAY too many adds", "Cannot accurately rate this game after 2 rounds - so why would you ask?", "i get tired of downloading things and they are not what is shown...", "This game is addicting. keeps your mind sharp trying to beat your previous time", "i like the game never playing games like these its fun and realakesing", "Love the game!! Relaxing, keeps your mind sharp.", "game is rigged so youd have to click certain things but it help pass the time", "Makes you concentrate. Annoying ads", "This app is great! This Mahjong is a beautiful one, the gameplay is appealing to the eye. I enjoy playing this Mahjong game almost too much. I like the graphics, the music, and the patterns. I'm sure you will to", "Simple matching game for when you have a little time to kill.", "fun, set your own pace. I'm a speed demon so i try for best time.", "relaxing after severe ongoing financial stress", "great time killer, just hate that the same ad pops up at end of every level", "It starts out slow but the faster you match tiles the faster the game goes. Fun!", "Can't stop playing it. It's very addictive", "I had no idea how much I'd enjoy it."], "Chess for Android": ["Very clean and fun chess app. Very difficult if you're not an avid chess player, but can't complain with a free game without ads :)", "Well Planned, well written piece of Software. Easy to use, Easy to Understand. Staying away from \"Overactive\" graphics keeps this Checker Board working well and enables more experienced checker players in Customize settings, Hundreds of Variations for thousands of hours of Checker Fun! Take a Bow de...Full Review", "Outstanding application, but regarding engine tournaments, how to resume an interrupted tournament? And how to change the number of games played by an engine against every other engine in round robin mode? Like 2 games, for instance. It would reduce the number of games of the tournament.", "Best chess app ever!! I hope for more updates and features like auto forward button when the game is finished. All in all I love it! Thanks to you.", "The best chess app I have tried by faar! Thank you for this excellent chess! Very straight forward, focuses to the game and only. This chess is my company to all my sad and happy moments for many years. The only downside I encountered is that there is no \"instant way\" to store and recall games- with...Full Review", "Fantastic app!! I have downloaded, deleted, searched for engine tournament on Android on internet, and redownloaded this app. The controls are not intuitive, so will be missed by many, I suggest including a sentence about it on googlestore page or provide the manual in the app. One request is to ple...Full Review", "Great chess application! I really appreciate that it's not overloaded with arguable (and often unnecessary) functionality other chess apps have. I like simple clean design of the pieces and board. Thank you for implementing the custom board setup functionality. I have a book of my own that I use to ...Full Review", "i tried free play but possiblity for human players is sketchy. I left chess with friends because it stopped working correctly. i want a friend who lives in Texas to be able to play me on a new app. I need the server and i need an account. let me know when this gets better.", "This is the only app I could use with my dgt usb smart board.thanks to the developer. acid ape failed. unfortunately no online play with this app.", "Initially the app did not work with my Millennium Chesslink. Turns out my smartphone has an ancient Android OS ver 5.1.1. This app works with my Android Tablet and Millennium Chesslink. All is good now. Thanks Aart for a great product!", "The recent feature added to the app to offer draw or resign through a popup is very annoying and leads to distraction. it should be moved to some menu action or so. That said, overall i like the app a lot.", "End game have to be improved. For example if in the last one rook is remaining still it shows draw after 50 moves", "Perfect movement recommendation. Lovely game interface and excellent time response for the enemy. Really nice game, I love it. The only but could be that I miss a main menu to choose game options.", "I really like this game.Every time there is cold war between me and my phone . I really enjoyed playing chess especially chess by Aart bik.", "Good job, really very strong engine to play, it can definitely improve chess player's game, best thing is that it requires very less memory space, keep it up", "Chess Tutorials would make this perfect. Great game with no ads or in app purchases and tiny app size", "The best chess app. Great features. Thank you. Make a donation option so we can treat you a beer. :)", "pretty bad controls ,no control given for analysis, can't play matches between two engines.No pause button... nothing", "simply the best chess app offered on playstore so far", "Impeccable! May I know what engine this app runs on?", "great chess application really l am very appreciative excellent", "less size but far better.... chess game", "an Android original and still a remarkably good chess app", "This piece of software is the single best chess contribution to Android.", "very nice..tnx", "Nice, simple and ads free!", "uyyyeyy tree yri", "Master Piece!", "good", "the Best", "i love it", "Thank you for contributing this great, straightforward chess app with no ads and no spyware. I appreciate the focus on the AI rather than battery-wasting frills like fancy graphics. My only complaint is that it's too smart \ud83d\ude01 I'm not an experienced player by any means, but the easiest mode seems unb...Full Review", "The best chess app I have ever used. Can't store more than seven games. Castling is possible when a knight intercepts the rook. Is that ok", "Awesome that this supports the dgt and millennium boards, great work! Together with stockfish and a powered hub, I'm all set!", "This game is a massive pain in my ass. No mercy whatsoever", "Very nice game thank you developer", "BEST CHESS GAME EVER!", "Excellent chess app with no cost and no ads.", "I think this is good though l haven't seen much", "GOOD SHORT SIZE. THANKS DEVELOPERS.", "The app forces my phone to suddenly reboot.", "Plays a decent game up until the endgame.", "The strength of the player is good.", "Nice and simple to use", "Best chess app on app store", "Fantastic with size of game", "Very difficult game", "Faltu game", "Thank you.", "Nice for time pass", "Very good.", "Nice app", "Great game", "chess", "Very Very Good Application", "Useful", "Nice", "Love it", "I like this app. However, the easy levels are time-based. The 1st level is very weak on my tablet, but the same level is too strong on my new phone (I never won neither get a draw against your app on my new phone). It would be nice to see node-based or Elo-based levels which are device-independent. ...Full Review", "Mate in two or Mate in 3 etc radar make this app unique and flashes on the screen in green letters sometime. On some levels in certain circumstance get mate in 4 warning [edit] get mate in 5 warning on Level 5 AND Level 1", "I can't figure out how to castle, but otherwise, this is the greatest chess app on the market. No ads, plenty of game options and difficulty levels, and a very easy to understand set up.", "The most amazing game I have ever played pls ad a playing stlyle like Carlson and the old grandmaster playing style in this engine strength could be very thankful to u if u do this...for us then we could study the psychology of human moves in computer. Thanks a lot...", "This is a very good, very versatile chess app- best I've found.  But I don't know how to interpret the built-in engine output-- for example \"[6/9]332\" in green under the board.  It doesn't actually show moves.", "Best chess game ever! it's very flexible like we can play from both sides! more on we can check the best move at the position! Favourite App! thank you Aart Bik And Team", "This is awesome. Add the fact that the size of application is less than 1 mb, it makes this app best for devices like mine. I really appreciate all the hard work done in coding and compiling. Kudos!!", "Not good it's been I head of the game. But suddenly appeared disconnected...?!", "This game is not supporting Komodo 9, the engine resigned after 5 the move,, I'm not a grand master so this game is not comfortable for the engine", "What is exact comparable rating for highest strength of this app as I have beetan all the level.", "To damn difficult. Real shame,because the app is so small.", "Finally! Thank you very much for making an app that connects seamlessly to my dgt board via usb!", "Annoying setup screen appear in the middle of games and then freeze", "Very nice app.. I have learned lot from this app... Very usefull app to improve chess game... Thank u....", "Boring game you cannot Win", "A must have application: lightweight, efficient and complete!", "It's a very good game. I want you play this game.", "Finding an ad free anything on the store is hard enough but the fact that this is ad free and great is a super plus", "Much better than the commercial apps.", "This game increases the interest for kids for playing chess and how to play \nchess \ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a\u270c\u270c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "I wish I could win just once...\ud83d\ude01", "Very very good game", "It is the best of all chess apps", "No ads, no selling , just chess", "Just excellent and very challenging to the brain", "We need more hard 10 level", "Simple basic and customizable also without adds", "I m very glad playing this game", "Best game forever", "This is the best chess app", "So many ads", "I like it's", "Needs to show coaching tips and highlight better moves possible for the player", "Classic and working fine", "It's a game of brainstorming", "I play this game on 17/10/2018", "Finally an Offline Chess", "simble no huzle", "Subbiah on Android", "It's a good game", "Waste game", "It's OK but I don't like it it's not that nice", "Nice app.", "Like it.", "It's OK", "Nothing happens", "Love this app", "great for passing time!", "Good game", "Good game", "Loveliest app", "Super", "haye it", "Very nice game.....", "Superb", "Superb", "Excellent", "Nice", "Nice", "Nice", "Good", "At last a really good chess app with no ads ! Aart Bik is obviously a chess \nenthusiast and this app shows it. The app has the opportunity to download \nand install 3rd party engines but to be honest, The built-in engine plays a \npretty strong game. Has many other features available and a tactics tra...Full Review", "Love the app! I'd give five stars if one could click on the list of moves \nto jump to a move directly rather than clicking back and forth with the \narrows. Please implement :)", "I fell in love with this app, its supports many engines and I can review \nand study my games and that of others ... Thank you Bik. - Giraffe Ai", "A Must Have On Android!...Amazing!! it's Free!! Also!!...update just the \nsettings in it where it says \"animation\"...i turn that off otherwise app is \nvery jerky not smooth!!", "Why are the difficulty options based on response time so there's a 180 sec \nwait between each move", "Hello is this burgerking id like to order a big wopper and a large coke and \nthrow in some chicken fries and nuggets and I will pay you in pennies so \ngive me the absolute amount of change that I have now I will go to yelp and \ngive you a good rating because burger king is awesome but this game is v...Full Review", "Aart Bik is a GENIUS thank you for creating such a fun game and time passer", "Great challenge especially the fast level. Make it more challenging to pro \nlevel.", "Best for strong competitor. I like it.", "Good game because it has option to play with level 1to 10 or local \nmultiplayer and set of different pieces", "Very nice game, small in size but good features. Very useful to save and \nview pgn files.", "Figured it out!\ud83d\ude01", "Very less mb", "Bhut bakar game", "This game is excellent, it requires extra thinking", "Nice tough game", "Not better", "The opponent's quite tough .Nice Experience.", "The best gui", "I love this game", "Nice chess app", "Nyc game", "He we", "Nice game", "Well", "Nice", "Its fantastic", "Nice", "Excellent", "Good", "As an amatuer chess player, this game has no difficulty level and is \nstraight ruthless but if you learn from watching others, it will provide \ngreat insight to points and counterpoints. Lots of features that make it \neasy to use and no ads.", "This used to be good. What happened? If I put two kings and a rook on the \nboard it plays to a draw. If I set level to 30s it still responds \ninstantly. Why?", "Ok now working properly. Most probably it was engine option problem. I \nchanged all the engines' options and now everything is working fine. But \nyet many improvements nedded and first of all UI look and feel. Current \nboard and piece styles are just dull looking and primitive. Many new board, \npice...Full Review", "Great little app that offers more features than most paid apps. Thank you. \nThis really is a stunning piece of kit that supports just about everything \nyou need.", "I just love this game... Kindly on play store everyone is taking 20+mb for \ngames but this.... this is just taking less then 1 mb... Tha k you for \ncreating this game\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\udd25", "I dont know how to play chess and I never used to like chess but now I love \nit.. ;-)", "Very demanding, thoughtful game. High quality product very educational and \ninstructional thanks for its development", "Fun to play I like the new levels", "It's the ideal chess engine for users with a small capacity android. An excellent app", "I love it. It feels great, exactly what I was looking for.", "You guys. Are so. Fun", "I love this game .", "I think I like this game", "Very bad game", "Not really sure", "ASHISH MEENA", "It's perfect and it's to follow. Thanks", "Ok", "Perfect", "good game..", "Nice game", "Good", "Since the lady update, piece movement on the board has become choppy and slow. Also the large text screen that usually only appears the first time you open the app, appears EVERY time, with no option to stop it. The only option is \"keep showing\". Please fix.", "Uninstall Frequently refuses to move my pieces while playing. If I'm gonna \nlose, let me play out those last few moves at least!", "Hi dev, using this chess app long time alongwith stockfish chess engine and found so many good options.", "I am a club player who uses CfA to analyse my games before copying them to Houdini. A goto a move  number would make it better.", "There is just something about this chess program. It is absolutely contagious. I love playing the lightning moves but the update includes an animation optional box.", "It's actually nice.... I am really learning to play chess for real", "It's one of it's kind and obviously one of the best !! Keep up the good \nwork man !! \ud83d\ude4c\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude4f", "The best part it is add free and accupies very less memory.", "The perfect Chess game.", "We have to think and play", "Nice piece of work imho", "This is a good challenging game ever.", "It is a great chess game working correctly", "OK....", "Very challenging.", "Best ever", "kkk", "Viswam", "Excellent", "Good", "Nice", "Excellent", "\ud83d\udc4cI use stockfish engine. Any 3rd part UCI complaint engines can be used. Large no. of options of saving and clipboard option. Found this App the best of all Android Chess Apps I Installed. Keep it up\ud83d\udc4d", "Real practice that improved my skills. Beating the highest level felt good. Proper app with no shortcoming.", "Really pleased to find this app after trying a few others, clear screen, challenging games, everything working well, thanks", "I love that you can undo moves.  Really helps for practicing different strategies", "Helped me to practice and I am much better with my skills now. Thank you!", "Nice simple chess game, with no ads or stupid permissions. Excellent!", "Very good app you can reply it back"], "Slotpark - Online Casino Games & Free Slot Machine": ["Made it to level 5- lost everything real quick then they want money for any continuance. Real quick to delete and move on- not worth it.", "One of the best gaming sites available. Very good graphics and variety of games on this site. Very generous as far as free credits and bonuses are concerned. Also very nice wins and consistent layouts on most of the games on this site. Keep up the good work!!!! JKK", "Very frustrating no wins at all takes all your coins still cannot rate this game high no fun", "I've had this app for a week now and I'm really not happy with it the pay backs are small your loosing all the time and it virtually impossible to get the free spin feature very disappointing \ud83e\udd28", "cant open my sizzling hot game at all", "I rete it 3 for not have a chash out and i am in level 66 i havent got jackpot. how, why?", "Slotpark is still an awesome app. I enjoy it the most.", "Great games so much fun and so much to choose from.", "wicked game", "1 of the better slot games", "good fun awsome game", "Love just playing", "weak!!!", "best game ever", "this game is very interesting", "none", "super", "super", "this game is the best", "very nice", "Awesome!!!!", "good", "coool", "good", "great", "awesome", "A very good slot game, only let down with very few big wins. Turned the reels at least 12 to 15 times one time with no win line whatsoever! You get small wins, and the big wins are few and far between. Spent about half a million once and lost it all in a matter of moments. Considering uninstalling t...Full Review", "been playing this game for a long time and put money into this, as much as I enjoyed this I feel like the creators are taking the pi... mick! I've never had a high rollers feature and bearing in mind I've put 3 billion through it in a sit (didnt last long) only to be greeted with max 10x. greedy com...Full Review", "not impressed at all,just got free spins then decides to tell me the game is having maintenance and kicked me out,not happy,will change my review if I get my free spins back", "i download this game but he show me error why most of the games i download dont want to open", "Enjoy.. Malu apa bossku", "Verry good ...", "great slot games", "good game", "Great", "good", "The book of ra games are loading but not letting me spin, why is this?", "Good graphics.. Bad pays", "It's not a bad game hope to win some real coin soon", "Very addictive. Once you start betting big you start winning big. I started on 40k spins now I'm on 150k spins with a balance of 41 million from winning big", "Very good I love this app", "my experience at slotpark slots as been really fun", "the best game ever", "does evereything it promises very well", "over a thousand spins not one bonus", "awesome, takes me back to Germany", "Spent loads win nothing", "good luck grabing a bonus...this game sucks", "It just like the Casino", "Been playing this for years", "Love the Chicago slots the most, reminds me of home", "Good app thank you", "time killer", "What a game", "Cool and addictive game!", "it's ok", "great games", "Fab \ud83d\udc8b", "gd", "Good slot games", "Very good game", "great games excellent", "best game ever", "Good game", "nice came its nice", "ok", "greatt", "ye", "nice game", "Cool game", "nice app", "very realistic", "good", "Cool", "Awesome", "Awesome", "Best", "Cool", "nice", "Never have i ever seen such a lame game. Spin after spin of losing........ fun.......", "Just can't win anything, right from the start. Only made to level 7. Uninstalled", "Love this game all around", "Yeah!!!!!", "Thank You Veey Much", "As described", "100 percent of the cool good round", "Love the games!!!", "Love the games", "AWESOME", "Cool", "Unique", "Love it", "love it", "Sweet", "I bout more that 3 million coins and play around 30 min and I didn't get any bonus ever. So it's looks like real cazino no fun without real money .", "Terrible, full of dead spins.. For a free game it's pretty tight!", "Paly to lose, i konw, you lose, but a small win, or. Enything. But ist not fun. Just dellet.", "Nice game like it", "Awesome just nueed more bonus", "XXL exiting", "It's so addicting and fun", "I really love this game", "Its a wonderful game", "Great game", "Love slots", "Nice game", "Awsome", "slots you gave me17600000 in bonuses, thanks, I played everything without any big wins. All you're bonuses are great but if you do not win then it is useless.", "Bad bad..always buying credits and never get a freegame. Money making scam . Dont install worste money making scam. Waste of time", "Over 10million and not one feature on maximum bet, would understand it if it was for real money...", "trusted rng makes me cry. worst game ever played . nobody wants to play if u dont win . jokes on ur rng", "Still not real sure yet. I do know it's fun. I'll get back with you. ;)", "Waist of time. No winnings rubish game", "The bonus time should be made shorter bcoz 4 hours is to long", "Amazing game,i love it playing easy to play\ud83d\udc4d", "Had this game for years. I stopped losing real money from my bank account. Great", "Good game be nice to get bigger bonus bit more often though like every half hour so we can play more", "The best game iv ever played", "Awesome game!!!,.", "Could have a mini bonus games, aim to play tournament's with others", "Very good games", "The games are giving too little", "The. BOOOOOOOM AND EVEM M R E . . . . B. OO. M ! ! !", "Havent plade playd", "Loving it like crazy", "Very addictive and fun always bonuses to get", "Need coins", "Really run to at", "It's Kool", "It's a great casino game", "Lots of fun and a brilliant game", "Slots of fun", "Wonderful game indeed", "This game is great", "Great Slot app", "Best game", "Awesome.", "Like it", "Is ok !@", "\ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01", "\ud83d\udc4c", "Its great", "The best", "Top game", "Good luck", "Grate fun", "I love it", "Good slots", "Great", "Love it", "Nice", "Awesome", "Perfect", "Good", "nice", "It's easier to win in real life casinos than here. You can never go with a high bet from the beggining and suprise the game, get free games or win big. Practically you must start with a low bet, win something and then lose for sure with higher bet. Almost all the time. Boring.", "HOALL I DO IZZ WiN WIHON WIN WIN WIN AND UR GOIN IN LET ME HERE U SAY dbVVAYyItT. HO***DUP UU8 UH MINUTE...\u00a1_\u00b7\u20b1 BY\u00b1$[\u00a2TEEVNL*BURT+@DKN\u00a7]", "756 spins x40.000 bet, over 30.000.000 millions lost at one game , not a single bonus given. All you want is money, you're disrespectful towards the players. Fraud", "More chance of winning the jackpot at an actual casino! The whole time I've played this game I've never once had it, sure it doesn't exist \ud83d\ude11", "It's so nice thanks but we need more Bonus thanks again keep it", "Love this app can get almost all the top games.", "an amazeing game that will be of massave accete to some people", "Keep up the good work make me a rng", "It's not what I expected in a slot machine game", "Keep up the good work", "A very good experience.", "It's very lovely game I like it so much", "Super AAA A A S", "Passes time well", "I love this game", "My favourite slot.", "Absolutely rubbish", "I think this app will pay for the work", "Very good slots", "A brilliant game and fun to play.", "I love this game", "Awesome game, all in one store", "nice game", "It's nice", "good slots :)", "Fabulous games. Aaa#####", "FAB and addictive", "Gut", "Thanks", "Good games for fun", "It is great", "Absolutely love it", "Great stuff", "Intertain", "Great", "Working good", "Cool game", "Recommended", "Cool", "Nice", "good", "Great", "Great", "Great", "Nice"], "Slot machines - Casino slots": ["Good game.", "everytime you wim theres an app", "you never get to the game from advertisment.", "Not. Possible to switch of the adds", "Absolutely rubbish", "exciting poliew,love tbe cloors", "Exiting", "very enjoyable to play", "Great game", "excellent", "its a pretty nice app except theres and ad like every min. too many ads. other than that ...pretty cool", "automatically raising your bet to the max needs to be turned off.", "way too many ads", "so much fun!", "invesible wins", "crazy exciting game!!!", "Sooooo koooool*****i like this game!!***", "It's great.", "love the game", "great", "way to MANY adds", "great wins great loses", "it's a Great Game!", "2 speeds, incredibly slow or incredibly fast. 15 minutes of boredom before the credits ran out. Pathetic!", "BEST GAME I'VE EVER INSTALLED IT MAKES ME SO HAPPY", "Simply the most awesome slots there is.", "Is wanderfull game specialy when it win o lot of coin\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude0a", "So far i aint lost", "N-am bani futu-va rasa", "Pretty cool games, graphics are awesome, time just flies", "It's all Ads!!!!!!!!!!!!", "Best slots ever I played", "I Love these Games & Free Coins!!!", "Litle money", "Just started", "its a nice game. love it", "Fun game check it out \ud83e\udd17", "Bad bad bad", "Not too bad", "great fun games", "super", "Its excellent.", "It's good", "\ud83d\udc4d", "Brilliant", "Best", "Cool", "Great", "Fun", "COOL", "I dont know what idiot can pay virtual money to play this game. For that money you go to casino and try make real money.", "Money runs out to fast will not pay to play i will go to games and will down lound dont bother playing", "Thumbs up but very addictive", "Prea multe reclame", "This casino is relaxing", "Like this game", "Funny game", "Good games interesting.", "fun and exciting game.", "Cool game", "cool!", "Cool game", "Wonderful", "Love it", "Cool", "Nice", "Waste, it mainly only focusing on adds and giving always very very less \ncoins. No use", "Very addictive. Difficult to leave it alone", "Every time it dosent save the money, i allways get 5k, even if 30mins ago i had 30k", "Just normal to pass time", "Kind of childish", "All good.. to much pub", "Hi,i like it is cool", "\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e", "Awesome", "Superb\ud83d\ude0d", "Excellent", "Good", "Cool", "nice", "Loved it", "Lags and constantly shuts down!", "Still early days but so far brilliant", "very funy", "Only funny", "Funny.. fast on auto... But I like it", "Very exciting and lots of fun", "Real= fun", "Great graphics", "Love it", "To many ad's inturpts game play to much", "Fu ! Fun! Fun!", "Too many commercials", "Easy to get and fun to do", "Nice old game", "Superior", "Love it", "To many pop ups that uses up alot off data", "Take too long to get to the next level not enough bonuses and you really \ndon't win anything", "Totally a great game!", "Bad ass game", "Developerilor le e foame rau. Au bagat tone de reclame. Nu va lasati \npacaliti de celelalte review uri date de prieteni de ai lor... Nu se merita", "The games are locked ??? It takes to long to get to another slot, you lose \nall your money , to many ads", "It is very fun", "Addictive game of casino", "Good game", "Love it.", "Amazing", "I think its as good as any other app game. What would make it better is \nmore good sound effects.", "Kinda slow", "Just like to play it except I don't like my bet being raised at random on me especially when I am trying to build up my bank so I can play the game . I don't have the money to buy credits so I have to win them.", "Overally satisfiying", "Like it", "Yay", "This game just pulls money out of your pocket never lets you win always lose !!!! Uninstaling this useless game and reccomend to do the same for all my friends and family .", "Whoever designed this game needs to be FIRED! Graphics -horrible! Wins -horrible! This whole game needs to be thrown away!", "Give 0.001 star because at risk it gives 2 times max then you lose... Tryd 50 times allways lose at risk 3th time...", "its not working buttons connect or later do nothing sorry 1 star", "I cant lose my money lvl 2040 and i have 1. 011. 455. 244. 076$", "It's too cool", "I think this game is awesome", "Mony mony mony", "i have reached  level 700", "So far so good", "I'm hooked", "Rimi rimi", "I like it", "It's wonderful", "It's addictive", "You're awesome", "Thumbs up", "Great game", "Best game", "Tnx", "nice games", "Good game", "Brilliant", "Best", "Loved it", "I like playing this game so far.", "Best slots ever", "Shame about adverts", "wow", "very fun slots", "Great stuff", "BEST", "Fun", "Its fun and levels are easy to earn.", "Up betting n give more change 4 win", "You only win the first day", "I'm at level 8705 and the maximum score is 13.6 trillion", "This game is good.", "Best slot games", "Love it", "I really like playing this game. It's a stress reliever", "This game is a very good fix", "I like the slots that i have played", "I love it\ud83d\ude04\ud83d\ude05", "I love it", "Scheis spiel", "Like it", "Ads...ads...and more ads...delete", "Awesome!!!", "Fun nd entertaining", "Cool", "Wonderful", "this is cool", "I think its the worse slots games ever", "Olyan sz\u00e9pen leviszik az automatikusan indul\u00f3 rakl\u00e1mok a mobilnetem. Am\u00fagy a j\u00e1t\u00e9k j\u00f3.", "Loving every moment of it!", "Good game and colour the graphics  r not bad", "mmkl", "Love the game", "Really enjoyable", "Amassing i love it", "Like it", "Git", "Goood", "Very fun", "Awsome", "Good", "Good game!", "Na thit", "uuu", "Ok I guess", "Dobra zabawa", "Sehr gut", "Best slot casino", "too many ads when you win more than 200 coins then you have to watch another one right after before you can play again. the odds of winning suck you lose all your coins before you can level up very. very poor app I'm uninstalling it now.", "To slow not enough tokens, bets too small", "I don't even know how this got 4.6 stars rating, every level every big win there's an ad.", "Great game never played such \u00e0n amazing game", "save ur money play virtual slot", "reclllama tammpita. lla fiecare castig", "Good app. Bt I always loose in slot machines in real casino", "Just started it's okay", "Loj e bkr", "too many ads", "New Vegas!!!!!!", "Great slot game no complaints so far"], "Find the difference 300 level Spot the differences": ["you have to hit a very small exact mark or says your wrong and gives you an X. it will do it over and over forcing you to lose game and is designed that way so that you have to then watch a commercials in order to play again. there are so many different other versions. this is the worst look elsewhe...Full Review", "I love the deep concentration of this gane. It really causes you to look closely to detail and use patience. I gave it a 4 star due to some of the pictues are very dark and with cell phones and pcs you get a glare on the screen and dark pictures are very difficult to see every object presented. Fix ...Full Review", "A good game if only the developer could opt OUT of any advert with sound. I don't mind the adverts at all as they help make sure the developer is rewarded for his/her hard work. On saying that, the game would deserve at least a 4-star if the annoying repetitive adverts with sound could be eliminated...Full Review", "I like that this game in many cases is quite pleasantly challenging. It is uplifting to the point of distracting one from everyday stresses. I haven't enjoyed my other favorites --- candy crush and blossom crush also word games, because I just love find the difference games!!!", "FINISHED! The puzzles are easy. This game is just a good time filler when you're commuting to and from work. The controls aren't great. If you press just a millimetre away from the difference, it takes a life away. The puzzles could be a bit harder, but it helped fill my commute time.", "I used to love to play with my children's magazines that had these type of games in them. I'm excited to find all the items before my lives run out. It's very stimulating and helps me focus my mind from others thoughts. Now, I'm afraid I might spend too much time playing the game. I will just have t...Full Review", "I've played other \"Spot the Difference \" games and they're not such pretty pictures as this one. I ALSO found out that It's faster to spot the differences with this app. Great game. I'm addicted to this App .", "Some of the pictures are too small or to dark however it depends on the players eyes. My eyes have cataracts so I am probably straining them on the dark photos. Overall the game is still a good way to relax and waste time.", "Some of the differences are so small or mixed with so much it really gives your brain a challenge! When I am doing this, time seems to fly; but isn't that the old adage, \"time flys when you're having fun\".", "Challenging and I play for hours. Great for the commute to/from work. Keeps the mind sharp and music is relaxing. Also great way to spend lunchtime since it's too cold to go outside. I find a nice quiet lounge in the building take this game and a cup of tea and I am happy", "I'm a huge \"find the difference\" fan. This app is challenging without being annoying, meaning they're not impossible yet not foolishly easy either. Great variety & if you're a fan of this type of app you'll love it. Ads are easily to tolerate too.", "I like that there are only 5 differences to find each time, you can't get bored with the same scene! A nicely constructed game to pass a little time.", "I've been playing long enough now that I'm on my second time through. I have some short-term memory loss, so most of it looks new to me anyway. I hope you get this app & enjoy it as much as I do!", "overall good app. however when I go to push something many times it says I'm wrong when I'm right. kinda frustrating", "At first I thought it would be so easy, but there are some nifty differences to find. You have to look quite hard to find them. Very good!", "I loved this game. Had enough assistance to get you though levels without having to wait forever for typos too recharge or having to pay to win. There are adds but I really had no issue with them. Great images to pay with as well.", "this game always frustrates me. i thought i had better attention to detail but i am wrong. if i dont throw my phone i will hone that attention with this for sure. just dont get mad. lol", "This is quite an interesting game. It taxes on the player's patience and minute observation skill. I also like the part where I can enlarge the images to enable me to scrutinize the details so that I can spot the differences.", "Its really fun and challenging.. One thing I realized while playing this game is that... I have a poor eye sight! Haha\ud83d\ude02\ud83d\ude02 But Love this app! \ud83d\ude0a", "I love it! I recently found out i can do that 3d comparing eye thing and its really fun to test with theres nothing i would say is bad about it", "This has a broad-range of difficulty. Some are easy, and some are nearly impossible. One of the most entertaining apps I've ever had!!", "Good time killer. Some photos have way too much detail for a phone screen though, it strains your eyes. Also sometimes it thinks my zooming in a picture is a click and takes a life away.", "I love this game. It gives you a variety of image options so it's hard ti get bored of it. I'll like seeing more simple and relaxing images.", "Very good time killer. It works in a very pleasant way, it do not force you to a decision, there's no timer so it does not generate any stress. It's a wonderful option for when you're in a line to be attended or when waiting for someone...", "Excellent clues hunting game. The differences are not easy to spot. Nice variations in the scenary of the pictures. The game is not bloated with adds. Happy hunting! :) Many thanks to the developer(s).", "Wonderful way to pass the time, with loads of beautiful photos. It's not too easy, nor too difficult. I love it! Five stars all around.", "it is a great way to spend time. rather than mindless clicking, you actually train your eyes and perception", "Very relaxing. Challenging, but not hard to find the difference. Can use hints if you get stuck. Addictive & enjoyable. Great pass time.", "good way to concentrate on something fun and ignore the negativity in this world. But, the screen is very sensitive so when you go to scroll around, if you arent careful when you touch the screen, it vibrates and causes you to get an incorrect mark", "This app is challenging and fun. You should give it a try. You can also make it fun to see how long it takes you to find 5 errors and without using the help button.", "It's a good game but can be terrible for your eyes on a phone. My eyes hurt at the end of a 10 min play", "Enjoying this app! Like the zoom option, and only use it to avoid squinting. Good levels of difficulty to challenge the brain. \ud83d\ude42", "Have an easy and difficult levels.. Sometimes need to be extra careful because the difference might be the colour, size or missing places..Most the picture was a stunning pictures..", "I really like their choice of pictures. The game is very good as it's not too easy to make uninteresting nor too difficult.", "Nice game. I can even play on my phone. Usually I can only play these games on a tablet because it is so difficult to see.", "Well done. Limited ads, non-trivial, no silly differences. Zoom is well done and helpful, but most satisfying to complete without using it!", "Keeps your mind occupied. Would like more than to find just 5 things each time. Other than that I really like the app.", "The controls and hues are a bit too shuttle and dark or obscure , however I am an hour new to the game.", "I like it when you need a hint, it doesn't just automatically apply where it is. You still have to find and identify it yourself.", "Addicting, sometimes very challenging, but easy to play. I like i can use hints without a big penalty, and that there's no timer.", "One of the most enjoyable find the differences ever...300+ outstanding puzzles of excellent quality. Highly recommend. Am about to install others by this group. Well done!", "These are some daily regular pictures that are subtly photoshopped to create differences without looking obvious. Attention to detail by the developer is simply amazing.", "I like the interface more than some other similar games. Also, I like that there's no timer. Good mix of easy and hard. I particularly like the ability to compare side by side.", "I like this type of games. The only thing is that the music is so boring after a while", "The differences are becoming more subtle. l'm learning.", "This app was a great thing to download. I loved the pictures in there. I love the way you can get them to be hard. l'm keen to keep playing this game.", "a simple game but fun to play. also no annoying 20 second adds like most games.", "Very challenging and frustrating been playing for an hour feels like 10 minutes, very addictive. I love it.", "Loving the game, just wish there were a little brightervgraphics. Keep making more puzzles, and maybe add a magnified glass to add more diversity. Thanks", "So addicted to this game that when i look at pictures on ig/fb i start looking for the differences lol \ud83d\ude02", "This game isn't easy or hard. Patience seems to play the main role in this game for me.", "al right to pass time. I almost became addicted lol", "Fun and satisfyingly fickle. The Devil's in the details. If you're entertained by visually challenging puzzles, this one's for you.", "Very fun time waster. Love that you can go to any random level too. Nicely written game", "Overall the game is good but whenever i hit the hint button i cant see any hint or else changes in the image or some help", "would've given you 5 stars but either you need to add more puzzles or once you get through them all, make it harder the second time around.", "love love it...wish they had more levels..had to finiash it then a few days later downloaded it agian", "the scenes of those pictures are really beautiful, some of those differences in the pictures can barley be found out, tricky !but so entertaining! so addicted to it!", "keep you in suspense suspense you can't stop till you find all of them", "After a while, one can see the pattern of where things are different from image to imagine", "I really like it! It tests how sharp I am at finding the differences. It's simply awesome! =P", "Some of the images are too dark but other than that, it is a good game. Not too easy or too hard.", "Not too easy Not too hard....really a great find the difference game!!", "just got it so hasitant to give 5 stars. but very relaxing because it has no time limits. no stress!", "Entertaining game but objects very small. When using zoom objects become blurry", "The pictures comparison are unreasonable at times..eg: It could be a night view of buildings from the sky..U cant even enlarge it too much..some images are blurred so cant make it out..it could be lighting effects/shadows un a given area..so not reasonable when the image is so tiny n u cant enlarge.", "Easy to play and relaxing. Doesn't bombard you with long annoying ads.", "These games help sharpen my eye for attention to detail. Since that is important in my work, it's an important thing. Plus, it's FUN!", "The pictures are clear. The items are hard to find but, not TOO hard to find. That what makes it challenging and people LOVE a challenge.", "This game is best ,intresting game. I like puzzle .l guese all to play the game who was fill with stressness.", "Reviewing an app after very long.. Really pleasant graphics and music. Love this game \u2764\ud83d\udc18", "I really like this app, it's easy to play and doesn't take a lot of skill to play. Great way to pass the time while waiting", "Challenging without being too hard, lots of fun", "I just got a surgery and this game help me to focus in something else than the pain.", "Some pix aren't very sharp, so hard to tell if it's a difference or not. Have to zoom in.", "A lot more relaxing than the casino games that won't let you win big.", "frsr time ok..thn continuously boring", "A very good game. Passes time and keeps you glued to find the differences.", "this game is a little more difficult than most. I appreciate that. its definitely addictive", "The images have been edited well and it's challenging enough to keep it interesting. Not having any problems with the controls or tapping the areas on the screen, works fine for me.", "i like this game but some of the images are not real clear. make the pictures sharper", "My 5 year old daughter says this game is 'lovely but tricky'. ;-)", "Fun to play. Some tricky differences to find!", "This is the second time I have put this game on my phone.. I can't get enough of it. Love it!", "Gripping! Once you start it's very hard to stop!", "very good app. I like the music and the pictures are awesome. The longer I play the better I get, I think it's helping my brain stay strong and healthy. I notice I can recall faster", "I like the game but the images are too small and get headaches.", "You won't regret for your Data, it just relief stress. I love it\u270a", "Great way to kill boredom,pass time. Challenging enough to be fun.", "good to spent leisure time and it has a balance level ( easy and difficult )", "If you are bored this game is for you. While waiting for someone or bus etc.", "The differences get harder, but the small number of differences is annoying.", "I enjoyed the game. Games usually bore me.", "I feel like this keeps my brain active as I get older. I like that this game uses real photos. Some other games that I have tried are animated.", "like the zoom . Helps me allot , \ud83d\udc53 aren't working to good", "I dont like this game, no free hints thats why", "that last find...haven't gotten fhat ladt one in seven trys", "It's amazing. So many levels, different sceneries, really mentally stimulating", "The difficulty level should increase game by game, it is hard from the first game", "its very fan ... can make us find the diffrence things", "i just like it to get my mind off all the chaos", "I like the no time limit and the hints wonderful game", "\ud83d\udc4dto play. Sometimes difficult to spot the difference. \ud83e\udd14", "Addictive. I can't stop playing.", "Addictive and a bit annoying. But in a good way. Great!", "Great pictures! Fun to play!! Thank you!", "More challenging than I expected.", "Relaxing, fun, and challenging. I really enjoy playing this game.", "Great game. Easy to use and a wide variety of pictures. Not too hard but not too easy", "it is what it says some pics abit blurry it's a challenge", "The game is enjoyable and relaxing it runs smooth the only issue I had with it is some of the puzzles could be larger for us vision-impaired folks", "very relaxing, fun and entertaining! If you need to kill some time, this is the best way to do it.", "Interesting some are hard to find that seem obvious right after finding it", "Neat game - certainly challenges the eyesight!", "One of the better find the differences game. Good pictures, a few are hard to see details.", "I like the game easy to playand not many to find which is good", "Passes the time. Pretty hard some of them", "very good app having a lot of creative ideas on pic how to slove the puzzle and heart broken action also good i liked a lot", "I hate it to much ads", "Amazing images with vivid colors. Makes you work your brain to spot differences.", "I like find the difference games! They are challenging and just fun to do and great to pass the time with! Helps keep your mind sharp!", "I like it.. it actually is not that easy. I like a challenge.", "Very touchy when skimming g over images", "A wonder brain aching game. i love it.", "this is a fun game. hard to stop playing", "its not fun when the differences are too difficult", "A very relaxation App. It has music, and it provides many facilities for someone to control the playing environment. Many thanks to the developers.", "Very interesting . It has free hints I'm enjoying so far", "Best game to keep a sharp eye and pass some time.", "Quite a few of the photos are of poor quality.", "Great game, keeps the brain active. This is the second one I have played so thanks for creating excellent games.", "images are pixelated. very straining for the eyes", "So far nothing to comment as so far so good", "Some are very dark and difficult to see.", "The quality of the images are pretty good, you can spend fun time, the zoom is good enough better than others apps.", "Intresting it is good for time pass .It also improves our eye contact,but it has adds between the game", "I loved it! I recommend everyone to play it, and it is a very fun time killer", "It a great game and it not easy as it look like .", "Not too easy, challenging", "It is really enjoyable and very nice pictures. I wish I could have visited some of these places. Thank you for the fun.", "a fun gane for all ages that can level up your observation! :)", "It's great to play this game. The graphics are good and most important so far it has not hanged..", "Nice images, some images have a well hidden differences. good job!", "I love this only thing wrong is some of the differences are to tiny", "not as easy as it looks. good fun.", "Excellent and relaxing game. I like the music in the background.", "One must be very observant especially when it is right in front of your face and you still don't see it. Challenge", "very difficult but I like it", "very well. really Nice pictures, I have to think a lot to find the differences", "It was really entertaining and time consuming \ud83d\ude01\ud83d\ude01", "Finally a \"find the difference\" game that gives you long enough to find the items rather than being timed.", "Gamenya bikin santai g kebanyakan mikir dan gambarnya bagus, mayan rekreasi mata \ud83d\ude06", "Absolutely love this game!!! I have been looking for something like this to play a long time, I really do recommend it for anyone that likes or loves games like this!!!!!", "My eyes getting hurt, but I love it", "I highly recommend, it's challenging yet relaxing at the same time. definately a good game to wind down with", "grate game. high quality pictures and some of them are easy and some are hard. love it.", "A good relaxing game keep your mind going Focus", "Good game and loads of level to finished. Me and the boys loved it and one down bit is that too much ads", "Keeps me quiet for a while ...like it. Some differences are a bit too subtle for me.", "Excellent to waste your time away. Enjoy the game very much.", "it's really great and super fun and a little exciting and scary when I can find different \ud83d\ude43\ud83d\ude33\ud83d\ude35", "This is fun! The zoom keeps the pics together so its actually useful. I love this game.", "this game is fun but you gotta pay attention and look closely it's tricky.", "Fun game can't put it down!", "Permainan yang menarik, melatih ketajaman mata. Perbedaannya di tempat yang tak terduga", "First stages is very hard Give the simple not hard first starting game stages . The users like to play step by step simple to hard", "It's a nice down time game. Apply your mind to something else..", "Lots of fun! No timer is great for me!", "good app but when i hit the hint button nothing happens?", "Fun to play, easy to operate, game levels are not too easy, and so far not frustratingly difficult.", "Quite entertaining to kill time on my way to school, I like it \ud83d\udc4d\ud83c\udffe.", "Love your games! Great pictures and fun to solve! Just wish there were more levels!! Keep up the good work!", "it literally ruined my boredom and a very good time pass tooo \ud83d\ude02 loved it \u2764", "great game you really have to concentrate to match differences up good for the brsin", "this is d best find the difference I've ever played...like d soothing music...really nice pictures \ud83d\udc99\ud83d\udc4d", "n the especi\u00e0lly hard puzzles, the hint button cannot be found. some of the differences are extremely minute.", "This game made me realize that I don't pay a lot of attention to my surroundings...that is how interesting it is.\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "quite difficult but challenging", "It's a rather well-done game. Simple and engaging without sucking away your time.", "very well done app. lovely picture and a good level of difficulty.", "I like it. Pretty hard.", "This a great Difference game. Not blatantly obvious but not unfindable. Enjoyable time spent. Thanks", "Nise game difficult level", "loved it. good game. ad disturbs sometimes", "This game is terrific for people of all ages. I'm glad there is a button for hints!", "please make it more difficult", "its very difficult tome", "Muy bueno y el nivel de dificultad est\u00e1 bien", "interesting & \"challenging\". it keeps you really focused when solving the issue! Keeps your mind active.", "Not easy to find the differences which makes it challenging and fun!", "THIS ONE IS EASY,& U CAN ZIP THRU THEM FAST.LIKE TO HAVE ONE EASY SUMTIMES\u263a", "Not gd not bad but it sometimes effective for our eyes", "You will actually be able see and find the differences. Worth the download.", "This game application gives me more challanging to be focus on detail objects..What a lovely game!", "Great game! If line between both pics could be a little bolder, would be awesome!", "great app. nice to have hints for when I'm really stuck.", "great game. relaxing game and music names it all the more relaxing.", "Great fun, the photos are a challenge & the big bonus compared to similar games, hardly any ads!", "Hint button confusing.rest ok", "it's really hard and nice this is my second favorite game!"], "Garena Free Fire": ["Upgrade your server in INDIA then only you will get good rating. You cheater we are playing your game and that's why your game is popular. If you didn't take any action than I would never waste money in freefire also I will go to pubg. Don't think you are oversmart by making this game. You can't eve...Full Review", "Upgrade your server in BANGLADESH\ud83c\udde7\ud83c\udde9 then only you will get good rating. You cheater we are playing your game and that's why your game is popular. If you didn't take any action than I would never waste money in freefire also I will go to pubg. Don't think you are oversmart by making this game. You ...Full Review", "Upgrade your server in BANGLADESH\ud83c\udde7\ud83c\udde9 then only you will get good rating. You cheater we are playing your game and that's why your game is popular. If you didn't take any action than I would never waste money in freefire also I will go to pubg. Don't think you are oversmart by making this game. You ...Full Review", "Upgrade your server in BANGLADESH then only you will get good rating. You cheater we are playing your game and that's why your game is popular. If you didn't take any action than I would never waste money in freefire also I will go to pubg. Don't think you are oversmart by making this game. You can'...Full Review", "Upgrade your server in BANGLADESH\ud83c\udde7\ud83c\udde9 then only you will get good rating. You cheater we are playing your game and that's why your game is popular. If you didn't take any action than I would never waste money in freefire also I will go to pubg. Don't think you are oversmart by making this game. You ...Full Review", "I like this game. I mean, for the medium sized shooting game category, this game is very cool, fun, and exciting. But there are still cheaters who want to ruin your game. And I don't know why people always compare one game to another. Hey you guys, think first before writing a review. Each game has ...Full Review", "I like this game. I mean, for the medium sized shooting game category, this game is very cool, fun, and exciting. But there are still cheaters who want to ruin your game. And I don't know why people always compare one game to another. Hey you guys, think first before writing a review. Each game has ...Full Review", "cool game loads of fun. i have been playiny for a while and noticed again and again. the licky draw is rigged i believe. 95% of the time i get jo higher than 25 gold. then the odd star. maybe you do it to get people to spend money. because it takes long to build players without spending money. i am ...Full Review", "Game is far better than others but lacks features like.. Firing on ,while driving is an awesome feature that I miss a lot in it and believe me it will make it killer for other similar games... Like pubg or others. This feature only makes me to move to other games. Also plz add a way to collect those...Full Review", "Cannot see enemy from distance (more than 100 m). Hope fix this max-view render at future. Then i hope the control will be more confident to some people who has big finger. Optimize the user-friendly control. And please add some \"beacon-mark\" on the ground where the shell of grenade launcher (M79) l...Full Review", "I really love free fire soo much bcz uts graphics are too better then pubg and special yellow beam when enemy fire... From that we take idea about enemy location.... And the Awesome part is the different maps its amazing and Awesome and 1 think that really this game better then pubg its life recover...Full Review", "actually this game is perfect and best for those who possess a 1GB RAM or 2. really great game... graphics are perfect match for the size... no high ping like pubg... really i love it's gameplay and UI of game... really great work... make sure to download this game and try it... really very good and...Full Review", "Game is far better than others but lacks features like. Firing on, while driving is an awesome feature that I miss a lot in it and believe me it will make it killer for other similar games. Like pubg or othaers. This feature only makes me to move to other games. Also please add a way to collect thos...Full Review", "Thanks again. If it does have the same as forbidden, but the mostly from the list below .The list below to see you soon, so I have a great day and age of eighteen. This is an ideal base for walking and the other side. If you would be good. The may have been in touch and we'll. .?This will allow us. ...Full Review", "New Features 1. Added new area- \"Graveyard\" on Bermuda! 2. New Character- Moco 3. The train is back on the spawn island! 4. New AR - AN94 5. New secondary weapon - Treatment Gun 6. Pet System is Live! 7. Disconnection improvements- players can now reconnect if they leave in the spawn island. 8. Time...Full Review", "The game is nice. For me, it is the best third person shooting games. better than PUBG, Cross Fire, and Hopeless Land. And, it also have a lot fashion and character for player collection comparen to other games, eventhough no paying any money. But of coz, certain character or nice costume still need...Full Review", "i love this game so much, i've spend so many time to participate in the newest event (Fortune tale) so i have collected many item (DragonSoul), i've spend a lot diamond too for fulfill lack of that item to be exchanged skin m4 and i want redeem skin woman astronaut. Yesterday, I see that the event i...Full Review", "Awesome game compared to it's graphic, specially for indian server we are getting many facilities like offer for diwali etc, words are not enough to describe the awesomeness of game but number is.. 9/10 The game would be more awesome if added some more in control settings i.e. in custom Hd, hideing ...Full Review", "Honestly I love this game so much. always play it with my sibling squad, I dont care if people compare it with pubg bcoz I have played pubg also. this game compatible with my 2gb ram phone. Just three things I wish developer can add 1. Map 2. Rating system (with assist and heal count) 3. More charac...Full Review", "This game is best, easy control and fun. Just one thing i don't quite like..the aim is bad..the aim is already red but i missed it a lot. i can't spray the shots..need single shot to hit properly. and there's time that the bullet even ran off the crosshair too far. just make it right okay", "HEY GARENA TEAM HAPPY NEW YEAR! I LOVE FREE FIRE. IT'S GRAPHICS AND PHYSICAL APPEARANCE HAS BEEN UPDATED TO ITS FULLEST. GAMEPLAY IS ALL NICE, NICE GRAPHICS AND SO ON. GUNS ARE ALL GOOD, BUT ONE THING WHY DO YOU PEAPLE HAVE EMOTES ON DIAMONDS ON THE REGION INDIA? I DON'T UNDERSTAND!! LOOK IN DIFFERE...Full Review", "Free Fire is the ultimate survival shooter game on mobile. Free Fire is the ultimate survival shooter game available on mobile. Each 10-minute game places you on a remote island where you are pit against 49 other players, all seeking survival. Players freely choose their starting point with their pa...Full Review", "the best battle royale game better than pubg it is light and the gameplay is awesome the graphics are great at this low size and i hopr it improves in the upcoming years by the what game engine you used is it private or commercial i would really like if you reply. but plz make a pc version cause we ...Full Review", "Its a very good game but its playing area is small and its time is only 10 minutes i think it would be a almost 20 to 25 min game and player should 100. its squad is of only 4 members it would be of 6 to 7 members and main things is it in battle ground there are so many many vehicles are there it sh...Full Review", "Good update. had some issues but the game is working great. need some improvements 1. please give more coins and diamonds to buy stuff.please.please add more maps like war mode and increase the time of the game . 2.give us emotes on coins. and its still lagging in india . 3.please make us play with ...Full Review", "I totally love this game. But 1. I dont know why, after the update, this game keeps on shutting down, automatically. i have no idea why. 2. Please do something to separate the higher level players from the lower level ones. 3. There should be a way to earn diamonds for free, for example- watch a vid...Full Review", "For someone that has a good phone. This game should be working perfectly. I truly love it and been playing it for almost a year now. But not it lags a lot. It takes to long to follow my orders. I mean i shoot but it takes almost a second and half to shoot. And keeps running forwards. I thought the p...Full Review", "Overtaking PUBG THIS Game is literally going to beat PUBG one of the top Rank in games.. Its very addictive and less cost involved with smaller size, u can even play with 2GB RAM very smoothly. where incase of PUBG it has a bigger size with more than 2GB it consumes all our space and requires ultra ...Full Review", "I wish Free fire could give a control option in which you could use the volume key to shoot... It just makes way more sense to give this feature it makes playing the game way more easier and enjoyable... Using the the touch screen to aim and shoot at the same time is just unnecessarily difficult... ...Full Review", "Obviously better than PUBG, Garena Free Fire is the best battle royale game in the world. Although it has some bugs but they will be fixed soon because Garena always looks for ways to improve Free Fire. But the sad part is that we have only two maps to fight within.", "Garena is gold digger. Stop your casino in game or i assure you a jail. I have already reported your stupid ideas. A 13 years kid tried your casino royal he lost his 1k ruppes and got mad, broke his dad's phone and many abnormal activities. They have reported it to nearest police station and so on. ...Full Review", "in Every region,they can buy their character with gold but why Singapore region use diamond? And also many children didn't have card so they can't buy diamond so they didn't buy legendary gun scene,and why you all are increasing so much the gun hit! we didn't get our happy new year gift send this Pl...Full Review", "hey there! i liked too much but im playing this gane from 3 yrs in 3 accounts i have not got a single daimond yet.... pls i need an ans why? i give suggestions for daimonds in BOOYAH DAILY CHALLENGES AND EVENTS pls reply soon Thanks.", "PLEASE DEVELOP THE SERVERS OF INDIA. WE IN INDIA FACING A LOT OF PING PROBLEMS DURING GAMEPLAY (at top shows +999\ud83d\ude24). WE THE REGULAR PLAYERS OF FREE FIRE ARE TOTALLY GETTING FRUSTRATED . IF THIS CONTINUES , WE HAVE TO LEAVE THE GAME. PLEASE CARE ABOUT INDIAN SERVERS ALSO. WE ALSO ARE A DAILY GAMERS....Full Review", "too many people are hacking this game Added new area- \"Graveyard\" on Bermuda! 2. New Character- Moco 3. The train is back on the spawn island! 4. New AR - AN94 5. New secondary weapon - Treatment Gun 6. Pet System is Live! 7. Disconnection improvements- players can now reconnect if they leave in the...Full Review", "Worst game ever And servers are not so good. When you are fighting with sub machine guns like Ump and Mp5 game lags the most. If net has gone you cannot reconnect game will eliminate you. PUBG is far better than it now I started playing PUBG you should try it.", "Game is awsome. Only suggestions i have are as below. 1) Make shooting possible from veichle. 2) Make damonds available through some events for those who can't buy them. 3) New map 4) Lag fix....it is laging on even 3gb ram device. 5) More badges in Veteran challenges and give possible challenges. 2...Full Review", "I'm very disappointed with this game since I bought diamonds and it never gave them to me, I restarted the game and even emailed them but no replie. I have the receipt and it says the purchase was successful. I don't understand why this is the issue since my friend purchased the same amount of diamo...Full Review", "Definitely need the Server to Update.. Due to Server my game Lags and Eqips Guns too Late Fires After a Long Time can't Enter into Car.. It's performing like Garbage Lags alot Crashes alot .. While driving the others players who are sitting in the car can Notice lag it's a Lag Machine... Game Hangs ...Full Review", "its a fantastic game while pubg is a low clarity game. pubg need 7or8gb ram but it no need that and all and my family members and my friends like it very much and garena plz make diamond is the reward for booyah! and when we r driving our friends should able to shoot this is the 2 mistake i saw but ...Full Review", "wat has happend to free fire and garena why doesn't the game on. if it on's it doesn't show the friend's list even though my net is fast. stop thiss we r getting irritated\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20and y we shud buy the emotes by only gems y dont by the gold/money we hv.No equality. plz make the corrections", "If you gonna update the game, please add these things: 1. Add a new system that shows which of our teammate is firing so we can help him as soon as possible. Sometimes players get confused about the exact firing location. 2. Please make The Gold Royals be available with gold also if you have tickets...Full Review", "This game is the best one, but it can be improved in these points : \u2193 \u2192We can't shooot enemies while we are in the car . (neither from driving seat nor from other seat) \u2192There is not 8x scope for guns(exept kar98k) \u2192There is not smoke bomb. \u2192We are facing hackers during the game. \u2192Emotes are not ava...Full Review", "I like this game. Please add the tower like stark tower, which we see in the Iron Man movie. Make it high and must add stairs through where we can go up to top of it. It must be in the center of the map. Mostly add types of sniper guns. I'm just suggesting it for next map. If like my suggestion plea...Full Review", "This game is good! I'll only take 10 minutes to finish 1 match and its not like the other battle royale apps that takes 30 minutes for 1 match to be finished... But I always have 1 thing that I keep in mind when it comes to battle royales... and it is NIGHT MODE on Rank or even Classic.. So I hope t...Full Review", "So good game. It's better than PUBG MOBILE and Hope less land. It's graphics is good. And only good fighter plays this game. Losser fighters play pubg and hopeless. Your game is good. But you have to modify some things. 1. Bring 6x scope. 2. Make a system by how we can shoot from car when another pa...Full Review", "Well this is a game that I loved the most I would not rate this five stars as there are too many stuff that we can to buy with gems and too less that we can buy with coins. And when is caroline and Miguel be available in coins as other characters. If these things are fixed I would give it five stars...Full Review", "Significant improvement in the game since the last dipute between players and indian server admins, garena is really taking steps that are in the favor of the players. This is an awesome game with lots of potential to overtake any other mobile game. The people giving 1 star rating are just frustrate...Full Review", "Somewhat poor banning system on cheaters, almost impossible to booyah most especially on Rank Game. They wont die and would even kill you 1shot. Please ban cheaters permanently. You guys have lots of updates but non of it includes banning of cheaters. Thats just the only problem on the game. Rate is...Full Review", "This game maybe similar to Pubg with a few elements of Fortnite but it stands to be one of the best looking Mobile games out there. It's graphics are just impeccable and run smoothly on high. The game never seems to get Old. How ever it does lag a couple times but besides that it's just stands as on...Full Review", "It's a nice and challenging game I love it...But it will be more great if u put on lots of emotes ..Like dancing ,angry,sad,happy, Please we need new map...Like rainforest and there are still lots of hacker and it's not fair please do something about this... it will be great if there is a private in...Full Review", "very expensive game if I don't purchase diamond I don't play game that great way (ex: all thing was sold in diamond how can we purchase then in gold. gold coins was not that usefull in game.) indian server admin, don't have responsiblet about as and our complaint against game( change INDIAN SERVER A...Full Review", "I would rather had given it a 0 star for the last update if there was any option like that. The lagging problem of this game is too serious whenever i see an enemy a buffering signal comes and the next moment i am dead. Games like pubg which is a 1.5 GB game doen't lags that much as this game does. ...Full Review", "THIS GAME IS S E V E R E L Y UNBALANCED. They give more favor to those with money and give less to the not paying ones. People with fire pass grants them to buy the ever useless GUN SKINS that no non paying playing can afford. Hell, it is not even given for free. Please balance this game. You'll enc...Full Review", "game is nice and after updates graphics are improved . But why the game is auto shutting down in between the match ? Its even lagging on 4 GB RAM , whereas high defination games like pubg is running smooth and cleanly, so its better to leave free fire. Its not working good at all. Shame garena ..I u...Full Review", "Dear Garena Please fix the reconnection issue. Whenever my internet connection is lost, the game shows reconnecting but I return to my lobby, please fix this. I have lost many ranked matches because of this. I am facing many lag problems. Please also provide some ways to earn diamonds. This game is ...Full Review", "Dont install this game. There are too many problems. If we close our game while playing accidentally will not be continued...the game is too slow to open and i hate front page message. I realy hate it. There are lot of other games better than this for a low graphic android mobile.", "The Indian free fire community and there respective peoples done nothing for Indian gamers and Indian YouTubers. Garena should change the Indian community head and the others. Why we give diamonds to buy megual? In other hand why other country buy it just giving coins? Take a look of it garena. You ...Full Review", "I did nothing and and they are telling my top up record is bad. i just bought a elite pass with real money. I have put thousands of rupees in this game. without any reason they are asking me to give 99 diamond to open/play my id. i am not lying. This game developer just want money also this game is ...Full Review", "The game is awesome. It's worth your time and effort. I actually really like this game. However, lately i've been facing a problem. Unfortunately, may be it's due to technical problem, i ,somehow, am not able to earn any gold. I've tried everything but nothing seems to workout. I would really apprec...Full Review", "i really love this game.. but one question i want to ask.? why you wont put the room card on store that we can buy when ever we want to buy. its does matter how much the price is, i will buy it.. so plz add room card in store that easily to buy.. please respond my request for this.. i hope you will ...Full Review", "good game. low size than pub g. make its availabale means playable to evryone with low GB RAM mobile. also the graphics are not so bad. means so good. now much improvement needed. many times the functions not tkaes properly cause i tries in many mobiles showing simolar kind of problem. so must neede...Full Review", "Hey. i am an player. actually i can not playnig this time. Garena serves cant work in Bangladesh.. in Bangladesh there are so many problems. plz do something. we can't play betterly. if u don't work in this reports they're are many player going to play pubg.. wish u have beeter server in Bangladesh ...Full Review", "good game, poor programming. need to tweak the resupply maps and stop dropping them all in the same spots. loading into a match takes to long, by the time I can see the game I'm already halfway across the map. also, need to find a way to buckle down on hackers. gets really annoying when you get drop...Full Review", "This game is awesome. I like this game for three reasons. 1. Graphics are really amazing. 2.The controls are easier to handle. 3. Most important you can play with your own senses, unlike other games where you respawn and kills others in a limited space. Now Complains-1. Plz add day or night mode .2....Full Review", "after the update I've been lagging every minute while playing and it is so frustrating. I've never given a review below 4 and today and I am just so upset. I really love this game but my connection cutting off just plainly sucks... and no my internet connection is not poor.", "Game Got alot of people using Cheat features. Can shoot you even if youre under Cover. Ik Freebies got fewer benefits compared to Elites(Who paid). Yet you can maintain the balance among players who're here to play the game. Let the Elites player go against Elites. while freebies go againt each othe...Full Review", "wow what a logic guys, those ppls who r playing your games well they will get 40% to 50% off n those who never buy anything else or not interested in game they will get 90% off good game play with ur old users... those who r hardly collect money n buy item for this game u can't think over them u jus...Full Review", "used to be great but now your controls on this game SUCK!! Terrible gameplay as soon as I try aim towards an opponent, my camera view flips up into the sky and then I just get shot and killed. the most annoying thing about this game. highly disappointed \ud83d\ude1e", "love the game been playing for a some time now. i have a guild with 30 members and since you announced that we could redeem our dragon souls for another 10 days none of us redeemed our hair or any other items as some of us didnt recieve our white dragon soul after topup this is quite wrong of garena...Full Review", "this apps is so good .. but i have a question. why when i start the game and it say error 'authentication failed , invalid platform' ? i want to clear the data of tht game but i just scared if all my data in there lost because im not sign up it on facebook. .. please help me someone", "Loved the game... But what's its story???...I mean there must be a story n some real missions.... And the main thing,I didn't like controls.... You don't have any options for inverting y axis n other things However, its a good game to play wid ur frns\ud83d\ude0e\ud83d\ude0e", "Thank You Garena for listening..but still there is 2 requests.. 1. You can Give weapons skins using diamonds but please remove extra attributes such as double damage, accuracy etc..then the game will be totally unbiased and everone of us will enjoy without any complains. 2. I still have ping issues ...Full Review", "I like the game, it's based m strategy and skills. Also money... it's still a bit hard to even get one diamond? A single diamond... Also, you can legit pay to win? So Garena, try to make it easier to collect diamonds? like through events? Or through special Missions? at least set it up for a month o...Full Review", "increase you server capacity man. so many bugs and hackers in the game. the condition of the game is getting worse day by day. we are spending so many moneys on the game. where is all the money going? solve the lagging probleams by incrising the server capacity. solve the mic issue. make the secuirt...Full Review", "please give emotes in gold in indian server, because Indonesian server have emotes in gold to purchase,so also make it available for indian server. all my friends have got the \"Special Airdrop\" in 90,150 and 180 rupees offer 2-3 times. but till now i didn't got any of the above offer. i always get t...Full Review", "Hey Garena, please hear me.I was get banned without anything. I can't even create any accounts and I don't know what happens. I am not cheating or hacking diamonds or what but it is banned. I still noob at this game so why I got banned.\"Your Account has been suspended\".", "All players of free fire don't rate them.Pubg is the best from your. This game ia very good and cool. i love this game. But one thing. Your are now suspend many id without any reason. Your are also suspend may account without any reason. why Garena why. My account name is A.B.Abner Abd i was very pr...Full Review", "This game is getting better and better. You know what make this game interesting and not same with any battle royale games out there? the character had their own passive and stories. I like to read every character story everytime im levelling them up. Keep up the good work", "awesome game, addicted to it. but lot of bugs, game got struck while playing squad game. I'm getting \"request timed out\" lot of times my progress not getting saved. And most importantly game quits automatically while playing. getting frustrated many times. Please work on most important options in th...Full Review", "Plzz improve its graphics quality.. And the diamonds are heavy expensive, if u'll do its price cheap then all categories players can buy it... And all will install it.. Give some offers. Plz.. Otherwise it's my favorite game.. Ever i played", "Graphics and gameplay is good but too much network glitch makes it little bad. i have decent internet network, everything else apart from free fire works just fine even youtube and netflix works without buffering but not this, especially when you are in battleground. Irritating which is.not only me ...Full Review", "This game wants TOOO many permissions, even to make calls or manage calls \ud83d\ude12 Thanks but NO thanks! WT...does all these permissions have to do with letting someone play the game. All you need is the email. Not manage calls. Unistalled!", "Major Problems in Free Fire:- 1. Garena is too greedy.(Not even emotes are free) 2. Indian admins are irresponsible. They are not active and must be fired by the Garena team. 3. Garena cant take any strict action against Hackers 4. Indian Server needs to be improved 5. Garena is not fair and just..(...Full Review", "The experience of lag and bugs are unforgivable! Though the number of hackers has been decreased but gaining diamonds is too much tough! That's why we The Asian wants to buy emote with a gold option! We also want to play with players from other region.", "JUST EDITED MY REVIEW FROM 5 STAR TO 1.. GIVE ATTENTION TO OUR INDIAN SERVER PLEASE DO FIX ALL THE PROBLEMS LIKE HACKERS AND LAGS. WE NEED CUSTOM ROOM KEY FOR ALL THE PLAYES", "This game is simply awesome so I gave 5 star. After new update Garena has done a lot for Indian server .Thank you Garena for responding to Indian users. Loving this game. But nowadays there is a serious lagging issue, even when my network is good my ingame ping goes too high. And many of my friends ...Full Review", "Please help with earning diamonds\"Free\" and help with the 999+ ping even when you have load you better hurry PUBG LITE is coming soon. were not gonna play this game if it is all you can benifit remember we are not rich and please find a way to get diamonds for free", "This is one of the best game. But I am suffering for different problems like \"Request timeout; Network connection error;Match results are still being calculated\". And after this update it became laggy and high ping though my network connection is good enough.", "After OB13 update the game became too laggy on all devices specially on 1GB RAM devices so Garena please fix it. Controls are not Smooth. If your Game works perfectly on all low and high devices the game became too much populer than PUBG MOBILE In Game Need Some New Guns Like Snipers,Smg Guns, and N...Full Review", "hackers is more this game\ud83c\udfae chota map he... Chota map may game bore hota he... hackers ne bahuth logo ko marthe he.. cheaters in game... hackers ka Account ban karo.. but it is nice game... map ko plz bada karo.. Graphic low he... graphic Achee nahi he... Game ko 1GB tak bada do pubg ko kill karo i ...Full Review", "This is the best battleroyale game ever even if the enemies is hard to kill.In our school some say Free fire has low graphics,spoiled,useless,and the worst case is one of my classmates says he downloaded it but he dont't then he says everything negative to this game game so I said \"Look at the ratin...Full Review", "The games and everything is good. But I just wonder, when you just landing together with other players from parachute and suddenly you been shoot or kill by premium weapon like Groza?? What the hack is that?? It happens so many times. I am not even start running yet suddenly i had been killed by gro...Full Review", "this is a worst game ever i played he cheat with those player who not played any skills he provide skills in game also who purchased charcter skin other things. if we compare PUBG he only gives facility in RP skin etc. he not give facility in game that you were not killed by a normal person in free ...Full Review", "This Is A Very Well much good game! It has a 100+ Million Downloads! Everything looks Very well and doesn't run out my space (which is very cool to know!) I've been playing this for a year and i think now im gonna comment which im doing right now! (hahaha) If anyone reads this PLEASE DOWNLOAD THIS G...Full Review", "Gareena is neglecting Indian server. There are many players from Indian server but it's the poorest server in FreeFire. Lots of lags and bugs. We can't even play game with good internet connection, it always shows request timeout. If we decide to play for 1 hour, we can hardly play 35 minutes due to...Full Review", "A very good game. Also on the matter of the dragon soul balls if you ever do something like it please implement a trading system so my facebook feed would stop showing me people getting scammed. It kinda kills the joy of the game.", "A load of trash. wiped my character data and all my purchases. had to restart at level 1. game is broken with massive glitches, bugs and laggy gameplay and lets not forget the cheaters. id rate 0 stars if i could. these guys devs are crooks. be warned! dont invest!", "very worst game. not fully but in india there we not played character muguel and Antonio without diamonds. but in USA,england,Brazil etc. there this characters are owned by coins and in india our game lagging .so i think garena not concentrate on india server. so i said garena company fixes my and o...Full Review", "This game is of course a great choice for mid- range phones. But it is lagging to much nowadays, especially when an enemy is near. I have some more suggestion. If you add an bigger map and 80 players battle in it, it will be better. Another suggestion is taking an in game survey to measure daily usa...Full Review", "At first install the game run very smootly on my device which is great but after the second time I opened it the game started to lag. Also I found that the resolution was higher than before and it was the cause the game became laggy. So pls in next update make sure the smooth settings (which is the ...Full Review", "hi guyz this game is the best battleground game ever but the problem is how to get the diamonds. cant we earn not buy with real money its sort of enoying looking at stuf u really want but need diamonds. so like if someone won a match they earned 5 diamonds something like that would awesome. Fantasti...Full Review", "love the game btw. BuT how long is this gonna be like this? Facebook login is a massive problem. About once a week I can not login to my accounts for about a day or 2? Plz fix Yes i have 3 accounts and i use two devices maby thats why i struggle because facebook login thinks i am using someone els '...Full Review", "it is one of the best game....... also better then pubg...... but it also has a drawback of +999 ping...... my game automatically closed after this ping which I was not be tolerated.... so keep this thing better otherwise you will loose your maximum users.....but i am giving it only 3 star because o...Full Review", "Just two words..... LOVE IT!!!! I started playing this game a little over than a year ago and gotta say, it just keeps getting better. Just one thing, could you guys add something a little more armoured in the vehicles category, like a truck or something like that. Once again, love the game", "#Repair_Free_Fire We need Garena to hear us well because if you do not reply You will lose a lot of your players -First and foremost: Remove the features of the skins of the weapons (Pay to Win) because playing is never fair. -And give the characters for gold after the trial period because it is con...Full Review", "please add more vehicle and change this most important problem 1.the person who sitting in the car can also want to shoot like pubg. 2. i cannot able to hear my team mate command for a few days after the new update. 3.add new more guns and make the monster truch and other vehicles to the best..this ...Full Review", "The Game is Over all Good But the Reason why I give 1 Star Rating Because when I Try to play In Squad Mode everytime it says Network Error can't Connect to the Server. Please fix this Issue I Really like this Game because its Balanced and Lag Free.", "I downloaded this with more excitement and I played this I takes so many time open the game and when It open I started to play the game it then it always so that it is not responding thanks I have install and reinstall the game but the problem same . please do something about this. It not working on...Full Review", "FROM ( INDIAN SERVER )NEED CUSTUOM ROOM FOR FREE, WANT TO CHANGE NAME LIKE PUBG ,FIX BUGS AND BAN HACKERS AND GIVE SOME EVENT TO EARN DIAMOND SO THAT WE CAN PURCHASE SOMETHING FROM SHOP. THIS THINGS ARE AVAILABLE IN PUBG. TO COMPETE WITH PUBG YOU HAVE TO DO THIS. I WILL GIVE 5 STARS IF ALL THIS ISSU...Full Review", "I love this game I really do, the freedom with the camera is great and the features are just incredible. The only thing that bothers me is the server, its not in my country and I cant change it :( it sucks playing with people who doesnt even speak my language.", "the overall game ia fine but there aee only two problems. Hitboxes and the aim assist for everybody. The hitboxes are like you could shoot a foot away from them and still hit them. And the aim assist is just way to overpowered that people who are actually good just wreck everybody without even actua...Full Review", "This game can suddenly suspended you without any reason.. I keep on emailing them but still no feedback until now.. I wasted so many money to buy there games accessories.. Im no hacker no cheater.. They should email customer and do Q&A session 1st.. Not suddenly suspended us frm the game.. We pay a ...Full Review", "my free fire always has problem because everytime i onn game it just out \"starting\" and i cant play that game... so i always uninstall and install back but i didnt get back my old account... so i create new account and i less 2account", "After the last update it's similar like PUBG \ud83d\ude21..., And when we on the game it's background is like girly being girl to say like this it's looks odd but than also it's ranking presents is going to low ....,and the cost of the equipment is very height \ud83d\ude16, and about dimand oh my God!!!! we have to go ...Full Review", "nice its like pubg . but the survival land space is very short. pubg having about 1500km but it having 100 km . its is awsome please do not rise the space of this game its hard to download 1.6gb pubg and 460free fire pls decrease its memory space ,so those people can also play who having 1 gb net a ...Full Review", "Thanks for the update.Things u need to add are.... 1. 6x scope,8xscope 2. make patagory permanent 3. Make some emotes free or with gold. 4. make the security more tight. 5. add doors and window (not in everyhouse) 6 .concentrate on SINGAPURS SERVER. THANK YOU LOVE YOUR GAME", "FIX ALL PROBLEM LIKE LAGS AND HACkERS. WHEN 6 OR 7 MAN IS FIGHTING WITH EACH OTHER THEN YOU SEE THE LAGS CLEARLY. IT'S TIME TO GIVE ATTENTION TO OUR INDIAN SERVER.", "I like this game very much much but this game is so much costly you should not take too much.. Profit.. I love this game. But for buying gems it's too much costly gems cost should be decreased and this game can be hacked there are too many players who are hacking and playing this game improve you ga...Full Review", "you need to fix surver lag problem in indian surver, every time more then 2 squads came close to each other game lags like hell. please look into this i really love to play ff more then pubgm. pkmkb", "There has been no changes in the game.. the game lags as hell now.. the ping issue is still there.. The indian server is too bad.. please improve the gameplay and invest in indian server if you want us to invest in your game.. This is the reason why PUBG is the best online battle royal game.. far be...Full Review", "i didnt play pub g game but i think this game is better than pub and for best u need to devlop some things that not contain also u have to see what people like ...mean suppose now mini militia' s latest version that devlop that game in their viwes but many people not like they(comment very sad and a...Full Review", "Too many emulator users. Please do something to make the game fair(ex: banning emulator users/emu VS emu player) ..... Its literally hacking cause mobile users can't complete with mouse.Bluestacks and nox are used for playing in pc and even pubg can't detect them. If you guys could somehow detect th...Full Review", "worst, worst, worst ... after the update, it's laging so much .. and making me out of the game.... what rubish..... fix the bugs.... and make your server in bangladesh.. only then you will get good retting... otherwise i will go to pubg... and there are so many hacker... take action against them....", "The gameplay is literally the worst I have seen. Aiming is bad in a sense that there is some sort of inertia in the movement. It begins slowly and stops a bit after your fingers have stopped moving. Graphics are really awesome tho.", "please handover this game to other develepor garena is not capable to handle free fire. free fire is suffering from hackers and i think garena is only blocking thier imei number which can be solved by rooting thier device and changes thier imei number. today 2 hackers killed me. one youtuber said th...Full Review", "free fire is the most epic battle ground i have played on mobile ..... its better than PUBG mobile .... and the graphics are some interesting... but one grievance please introduce some new guns and scopes ..... and then increase number of players per match in the game ......", "Dear Garena, We the player of Singapore server having a great problem with ping issue. We can't play like earlier we used to do.Pls read this review and take some proper steps that will be helpful.Thanks One of Your Survivors", "Don't install this game... In this game you will face Emulator vs mobile... Just a PAY to WIN game... Same weapons did different damages because paid players got skinned guns which damage twice more than you...If you can't afford to spend $30-$50 for some gun skins... Don't waste your time here..", "it is the worst experienceing game ever. No server mentenince, specily indian server, always ping problem. 999+ , continuing last 1 month. Due to server problems after entering in the game ,it is automatically return to lobby. shame on garena. they are hare only for earning money nothing else. shame...Full Review", "Im Playing This Game For Few Days and I Like It. Its A Great Game For Low Configuration Device cuz most of Device can Run This App Smoothly. But Im Facing a issue and the issue is when i turn on the mic music sounds very noisy and disturbing, if you can fix that issue fix it as soon as possible, i w...Full Review", "you just make Indian server look mad I always can't soot a single person because lag they just like transmform from here to there and hackers you can't even be eaual to pubg they are 1000 time better than you at least they take good action against hackers... if you don't solve problems you will neve...Full Review", "i gave this app one star rating only because of hackers in the game. They are saying that they are taking action against hackers but they are doing nothing as i got my id hacked in which i was going to reach in diamond league but what can i do i have to make new id and i m thinking to delete this ap...Full Review", "please pay attention in Indian server.Hacker are increasing and mainly lag problem.I want to give 5star rating but you are not giving attention in Indian server.hope I will rate5star soon. All server should get equal facilities.", "great game with great game play, it's the best battle grounds game that is available in low storage. I have to mention that if u want some things u have to put some money in this game for sure and that's not a case, im really happy for mystery event 2.0 so thank u Garena for bringing this event.", "This is a really great game, but the game CRASHES suddenly. I was doing so good at the game but it CRASHED. I clicked the icon and went in. It started showing reconnecting then it went me back in the menu. All my hard work in game was wasted. Pls FIX CRASHING SUDDENLY. Unless that best game ever.", "A very addictive game ...exactly like pubg ..but in low graphics to support every kind of divice ... but this game has become too much like kids disnyland after the update...there must be a good amount of heroic and bravery contents in order to deserve 5 stars rating... But overall this game is a fi...Full Review", "i rates it 4 star but now one star because after new update it's getting hanging on my phone with 2GB ram. sometimes i encounter connection problem. gameplay also got stucked sometimes. and i found myself killed.please help me.", "why Bangladeshi server Have a Lot of problem Why we Not get Charecters For Free or Gold Why Lag problem In squed of our Bangladeshi server.. Fix lag problem Get Character Emot etc Buy with gold And fixed Hacker problem then We will Give 5 star Other Server have not This problem.. Thank You and Fixed...Full Review", "This game has improved now a days new updates are very nice I liked it. And now garena has also take important to our Indian server But please do a way to earn diamonds \ud83d\udc8e I face so much problem in it .Thanks !!!", "I would like to know how to send a message to the hacker that he has hacked his server and he has hacked the server and the hacker has been hacked. I do not know any security for the hacker, but he has the right to hack it, but if he is able to hack the hacker then he or the hacker will be playing i...Full Review", "At Singapore Server: 1. Net problem ping (999+). 2. Emotes are only available by diamond purchase. 3. Still Migual is not availabe by coin. We Bangladeshi & Indian gamers are really disapointed with these situations. Please solve these problems Garena", "Freefire is So Good... But Please Strict to the Hackers... Indian Servers are worst (Hackers)... Lot of issues During Gameplay (+999) it is more irritating for me... I m play squad with my two best friends(S&R) ... My friends laugh to me bcoz i m immediately death... Reason: Always show the top is (...Full Review", "I love this game. I play it every day. Spend MONEY and all, but i cant play without lagging n the glitch is real. ELITE every month. Cant keep wasting my MONEY on this game. seriously fix these problem. its real FRUSTRATING and it make the game BORING. thinking about UNINSTALLING it. FIX FIX FIX. PL...Full Review", "The game is good ..but our Indian server is so iresponseable and lazy ...upgrade our server.. in other countries emotes and many characters are available in gold but in india u have to purchase those ..and the second problem is garena is unable to take any action against the hackers...the third prob...Full Review", "The game is best. It has good graphics system. But we need something.... \"Keep Migual character in gold (Bangladesh), We need lag free game, the game lag so much when there are more teams at the same area, stop business, the game has turned into pay to win, we need a better server, and fix ping prob...Full Review", "AWESOME GAME...... BUT WE WANT A NEW MODE UPDATE JUST LIKE WAR MODE... THEN FREE FIRE BECOME A COOL FABULOUS GAME.... THIS IS MY REQUEST... PLZZ ACCEPT MY REQUEST AND THING ALSO PLZZ GIVE MORE SENSITIVITY... ND THANK U FOR CREATED THIS GAME", "GIVE attention to our Indian server. you should bring some new maps and weapons in the game I have to complain against rankings pull and push I play so much but rank not increase it always decreases .", "while I'm playing it will automatically get exit . what is happening with me please solve my problem . it is brilliant game than comparision to pubg. in this game is my facing to bad network problem. I would play this game with WiFi with 50Mbps but I must facing network problem please solve my probl...Full Review", "The game has affected PUBG game deeply if any one didn't believe me then search it on internet or YouTube which I have done .Here are some points in it - When the game released it have about 5 to 6k downloads and in ten days it becomes 10 million. but that time pbj was in lead by 40 million but then...Full Review", "garena why can't you improve your servers in India? there is always problem of high ping issue and hackers still you dev. team is so lazy to resort out these. all you do is to ban accounts of innocent people other than hackers and selling costumes and other stuff at high rates. remember customer sat...Full Review", "The game is good and best. But have many cheater here. and one day i meet someone cant be ban. just like when the guys kill me. i cant see that guys and automaticly look other anemy. They just like cant be ban. I think that is cheater. the cheater dont want we see them and report them. The game is f...Full Review", "UPDATE. game works better on new phone. still a Great game, really fun and good graphics and stuff. But really laggy (not on new phone) and too many updates. Please stop the updates! There's no need to update this game more than once- twice a year.", "Pls upgrade Indian server, enemy come to near than game is lagging, emots and other items purchase in diamonds but other country server its free or gold. You ignore Indian server & player so I request you manage Indian server . please solve lag problem & don't fake report suspended other players acc...Full Review", "pay attention on indian server shame on u garena. u should maintain equality for all server. bt u dont fix problem of lag hackers in indian server u r game is 4+ star because we play. so do some thing. either soon i will uninstall this game. thank for u r work I changed my rating u tubers", "Good game but y this game lags on my 3 gb ram mobile, it stucks like anything please garerna if u have any solution please provide me. Graphics good, controls good, only the ptoblem is lagging. Please solve it. Love \u2764\ufe0f this game", "there are so many cheaters, that I dont find this game amusing anymore. You should really fix this a d bann all the cheaters. maybe than ill give you 5 stars", "Really bad customer service. Still no response from the issue I had earlier. I bought diamonds and it never added to my account! I wasted money on nothing. Never gonna rate this 5 stars unless you fix your customer service.", "I used to love this game. Spent hours trying different tactics and got a few wins. Now it seems to be populated by players on PC's using emulators. All the fun is gone. The only way to stay alive is to hide and that makes for a boring game. Very close to Uninstalling this game.", "please fix problems of lag in our game. I am sorry for my before review. I will suggest to others to rating five stars the game to make the game more popular in world . Do new customization for the game. please Gareena fix the problems of lag . I will never rate you less because I love this game and...Full Review", "Free fire is taking more space ... (not soo much)...... every time .... 5 star for solve this issue!.... actually I love it ! it's good... and like pubg mobile. but it's like easy to play on. i think free fire is great ! PUBG MOBILE IS GREAT TOO!", "DEAR GARENA! as a community in the Europe region we feel very unhappy about the way things are for us. we noticed that things for us are twice as expensive for us compared to other regions. shouldn't we all be treated equally? why is Europe a more expensive region to be in? Google play cards are alm...Full Review", "it is not free fire it is paid fire.every pro player with gun skin damage more than without skin.that is not at all fair game. now I just leaving this game .we are spending our precious time in this ,devolping our skills and these gun skin players knocked down us so easily. this not at all fair. In ...Full Review", "GARENA PLEASE HELP! When i open the game instead of it showing classic bermida map it is showing \"SPEED ROYALE\" and not classic bermuda or ranked game. I deleted and reinstalled it but the same problem again. I even cleared the data and even rebooted my phone but it is showing speed royale and when ...Full Review", "hy What happen to this game why it's lagging to much in Nepal. .......reply fast if u didn't improve ur server. ....This game will be in last no. not in top. ......Please fix all problems which occurs in Nepal and india. .....", "IM UNINSTALLING THIS GAME. This Game is becoming a \"HACKERS BATTLE GROUND\" Respected Garena, I rated this game 5 star. But now im editing my rating to 1 star. Because of the HACKER problem. I was playing a minute ago and our team was wiped out by a hacker. He killed all of us with FIST. It was RANKE...Full Review", "It's just a waste game. It has many Paid options like special avatars, special Guns, and modificatins to guns etc,. In the beginning of this game launched it was same for all and now it depends upon the amount/money the player paid.", "im giving only 1 star bcause i didnt get my match result.. sadly, 3times when i get booyah.. it says that my match result still calculating and will be shown on history, but when i checked it out, there were no recently played games.. please fix that problem..", "everything is awesome but garana you have to make a boat to drive which will be better. u have to also make fire bomb. also add a training camp so that newbies can get better training to be a legend player.If u follow my tips this game will be loved by billions of people.", "\"Upgrade your server in BANGLADESH\ud83c\udde7\ud83c\udde9 then only you will get good rating. You cheater we are playing your game and that's why your game is popular. If you didn't take any action than I would never waste money in freefire also I will go to pubg. so TAKE action quickly \ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20", "Dragon Soul event... I couldn't reedem because the event was up to 17 feb. but now the lunar festival's page has been closed. I am very angry now. Free fire should give that reedem event once more with our colleted Dragon souls.. Thank you..", "THIS IS SO COOL GAME!OMG! I CAN BELIEVE IT! I M EXPERT ON THIS GAME NOW.MY HIGHEST KILL IS NOW. SOME TIME I LOSE. OTHER PLAYERS KILL ME AND I LOSE.IT MAKE ME FEEL BAD.THANKS TO MAKE THIS GAME", "Now you are giving attention and thank you for that . In new update I want you to add the like 'enimies ahead ' in pubg. It is so hard if our teammate does not on the mic", "i can not even pass the loading stage. It is saying that i have no internet connection. But i have a 4g connection and has full bars. It's been two days happening for the last two days. i liked this game very much but l am not able to play the game for two days. Please try to solve the problem.India...Full Review", "Brazil server have meny dress and emotes in free. but Singapore server's all dress and emote that need to buy with credit card.every free fire lovers dose not have credit or debit card. we need some dress and some emotes in free or purchaseing with gold.and there so meny hackers in game! we need sol...Full Review", "GIVE ATTENTION TO INDIAN SERVER AND SOLVE THE PROBLEMS LIKE HACKER AND PROVIDE US CHARACTERS IN GOLD. FIX LAG AND PROVIDE COSTOM ROOM TO PLAYERS. IF THIS PROBLEM IS FIXED THEN WE WILL GIVE 5 STAR RATING.", "what the hell why my id is not working it shows violation notice -1225 diomond...... how i top-up now why its shows violation.. please sir i request you open my I'd i uses freefire from 6months so how can u do that freefire id xubi5552M", "m not happy.. because my account suspended.. without any reson... m not use any bugg.. nd not use hacking tricks... m not happy garena..this is disgusting.. my game leval.. 50 nd m also recived 599$ membier ship nd 179 member ship.. new elite pasd 1january i purchased.. but my account suspend withou...Full Review", "this is a great multiplayer game like fortnight/pubg the only reason I don't play those games are 1 both are very popular and I don't like the building in fortnight the only thing that I can think of to change is unless your the driver of a car you should be able to shoot other people from the car t...Full Review", "hey its horrible why i can't open this app? My phone is samsung j4 it supporting PUBG mobile but free fire is not loading. Not any network error. I downloaded this app a hundred times. I only opened it for two times.Can you help me ?????", "After uninstalling and reinstalling the game my account has been lost and reset and everything has started from the very beginning. Even the Garena customer service email can't be reached I don't know for what use it is put.", "I love this game, but why you people don't fix the bugs.... One gloo ball on vehicle and it drowns in ground and instant kill. I has lost so many rank points coz of this plz garena fix the game!", "sir,please balance the game... 1.we r seeing a lot of noobs in the game... 2.please include live text chat as in pubg 3.please make the new modes permanent(like rush hour,zombie mode)", "Good game and all, but this game lags a lot. I have 4G and 64GB ROM, still this game lags. For example, once I was playing solo, I met another player (who was walking and not going forward), whom I shot many bullets(I had to reload twice in AK), still he survived and, then it suddenly showed that he...Full Review", "the game a awesome.....one.... i got addicted to within few months.....But the gets rather booring due to hackers... who are less skilled compared to us but are always suceeding.... I request Garena to ban the hackers from palying bcoz it affects our emotions please ..............", "Very clean, fun, addicting, time killing game... I love how easy it is to control your character and to aim... there is no FPS mobile game that can compare to the smoothness of this one... just one request... Can you make a 100 player mode?", "this game is better than pubg. In pubg only 2 ammo kill a player but in garena many bullets can be used to kill a player. But one isssue is there i want to play this game on my low end pc but i cant play by any emuator. Plz help me garena.", "in garena free fire many hakers have hacked the game we don't have any chance to win so i request that give such steps for the hackers... and why i can't see the match board....so please give attention on indian server", "This is fabulous game good grafics n very easy to play .This game is so good. My first chicken dinner is 17 kill in ranked match . i loved very much . I was excited at first to play this game becuz this game mindgame how to knowledge to go any place n travel some to pick the gun ..At last i tell yu ...Full Review", "DEAR GARENA! as a community in the Europe region we feel very unhappy about the way things are for us. we noticed that things for us are twice as expensive for us compared to other regions. shouldn't we all be treated equally? why is Europe a more expensive region to be in? Google play cards are alm...Full Review", "Dear developers Recently i cant go to my profile its loading time gets too much and its says request time out. And also the game not showing my profile in leaderboard.im started the rank game they worked 5 minute s and its stuck and stoped. i cant play the game Please fix my problem. thank you.", "Everything is fine make more existing events and can we gift our old items? Plss if not make some space for it. Hmmm wants some new in this game hehehe add a zombie mode that only maximum of 10 pplayers with minimum 4 hehehe then they need to survive until the help will come in the area where point ...Full Review", "This is game is nice but when new event comes you have to get diamonds for every event . So the diamonds are very rare item, who don't top up (like me). Please make an update in which we can get diamonds.", "Hello, Garena! I want to give you a suggestion and this is that ,please make another new map. And please give Miguel in gold in Bangladesh(server Singapore)please Garena! Hope you understand! And I love this game a lot! Thats why I gave 4stars! So, if you do what I said or do only a thing which I sa...Full Review", "Game is good but the ping of this game in India is so high. So want to say to Garena for Improve the Ping in India . There is no any problem in my device . Because of ping I fills that the game is Booooooring and I am giving 1 star for this game and nothing else. \ud83d\ude20\ud83d\ude20", "Hi,Garena I am very happy to rate you because you have done a great work ..and it is really adventurous..every moment I get goosebumps..the only bad about is the less extent of map.. In classic Bermuda ,map is too small .so there is less feeling of realistic.. So,I hope you will extent map in your n...Full Review", "why the game is so hard? we the people who can't afford to buy the top up pack. In the game we are playing like a kid. And otherside who buy top up pack they play the game like a pro. why the difference between us? please solve the problem as soon as possible.", "please fix the connection issue, make it more stable. it takes a long time just to login and loading content and when opening the event website from the app. also this game is so often losing connection that we need to close the app and open it again. thanks.", "Hello @Garena team, I really like to play Free fire, it is such an enjoyable game, but sadly after the new update; whenever i play my game freezes and went out for no reason, My Connection is stable and everything is okay. After that, i open the game and it reconnects itself but without any news.So,...Full Review", "its a great game.. but please add some more features like voice messages like pubg. when some players keep their speaker off its very difficult to communicate with them during gameplay. other than that increase the speed of cars a bit. and add some more maps it would be more fun to play in different...Full Review"], "Piano Kids - Music & Songs": ["Had to change my review due to annoying ads. My kid keeps pressing them which disrupts the whole experience turning it unbearable. Uninstalling.", "absolutely brilliant, my 8yr old autistic son loves this an it is very hard to keep him interested in any app but with this so many options with little interference from ads perfect!", "my little girl has so much fun from this app thanks! ( I usually turn off Internet while she play so no ads to bother \ud83d\ude09)", "it keeps my 16 month old grandson very busy", "Full pack. Lots of games for my toddler.", "add russian language please.", "keeps kid clam", "Amazing so far", "Very interactive for my son who loves music!", "its a very good learning tool for kids", "very responsive and fun games. l like it.", "very goog", "Exilent for kids", "Such a great application. Can it be a bit more enhanced?!?", "good learning musical instruments", "great sound effects", "ilikeit just cool and chill", "gv", "interesting.thank u so much", "I love it", "Good app for kidz", "alSami", "\u062a\u062d\u0641\u0647", "chv", "\u0639\u0627\u0644\u06cc", "kids love it", "very good", "excellent game", "Superb app", "nice\ud83d\udc4d", "great", "good", "Excellent", "Good", "good", "Gave in and got rid of ads before frustrating my great granddaughter and myself. Hopefully it's well worth it", "this is good game . veri.nice \ud83c\udfd5\ud83c\udfdc\u26ea you definitely download it", "good for kids educational development", "my kid love it so much, thx", "very nice for kids lots of things in one app", "the best app on my baby's tablet. it has so much stuff inside or my 2 year old.", "very good app for beginners.... \u270c", "my doughter like this", "Great game Suitable for kids", "fantastic so easy for my little one to use. bright colours are inviting", "love it more then my 2yr old lol", "I love this game my brother is not living this game \ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03", "greatttt apps", "gv b.", "Excellent game for my granddaughter.", "superb game, I enjoyed it", "Nice game for my little baby girl. She loves it....", "great app", "tanks", "osam", "nice app.", "\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18", "v.good..", "excellent", "good", "This game keeps getting better! My 2 year old loves this app! The games that are continually being added are wonderful and educational and keep his attention so well. I can't say enough good things about this game.", "Since the child hasnt mastered pointing a single finger rigidly, his little pudgy hands touch the screen in multiple places, and I can tell he is confused when the animals dont make noise. Also, because musical notes appear at the side on the instruments, he is tapping inside the trumpet instead of ...Full Review", "My 3yr old and 1yr old love it but need to be surpervised the whole time because ads pop up that need to be exited out of by an adult. annoying.", "This game is so fun it lets kids learn but my bro and me and my sis we love it so much wow im rating its a star rate \ud83d\udc4d", "I just installed this app and it has surpassed my expectations! There are a lot more option than a piano keybord. Animals, shapes, letters, numbers and more. My 22 month old is enjoying it. I would recommend.", "Songs and instruments are nice but the animated indicator showing which key to press is rather distracting and hard on my eyes. Something simpler like piano in Game4Kids would be much better.", "I like it. She does too! I think adding a parent lock screen would be a good improvement. She minimizes the screen often. She probably only gets 10-15 seconds before she has it minimized. Nice learning tool though.", "some of the games don't explain what you're suppose to do, be how to play then.", "This app is wonderful. It's child friendly and I can see its usefulness well into grade school. Having multi languages is a triple plus. Great Job.", "I just down loaded app. Will give a better rating after my grandchildren have played the game's.", "so not appropriate, the ads are age innapropreate, pop up every 3minutes and you have to pay them to remove them, my grandson was loving it but was so frustrated. .", "A well designed game for toddlers and kids. Logical UI layout and flow, very easy to play even for a 2yrs toddler. Well done...", "works amazing for my 2 yr old son... he plays it on down time and car rides and loves it", "perfect for little kids! went ahead and paid $2.99 to remove the ads.", "there is no sound if child is trying to play on it only background music is running nonsence", "I babysit a twi year old and this a very educational game for her !", "tested this for my 2 year old son, definitely downloading this he loves making sounds", "terrible app adds pop up, on a kids app...", "Apart from one or two glitches we have experienced, my 2yo loves this app, the instruments, SFX options and games.", "l love piona kids music and songs \ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc97\ud83d\udc93\u2764\ufe0f\ud83d\udc96", "My little girl loves this game! lots of variation", "I hate it!\ud83d\udc7f", "great musical instruments, easy way to interduce young children to music with playing and learning.", "great app for all young children. very easy.\ud83d\ude00", "runs so slow. glitches nonstop", "perfect.. my 2 kids love this app. and i love it too..", "just me playing with it I see hours of learning fun for my 2 year old grandson! He loves music and I think he'll learn so much.", "Needs a lock feature badly", "Great game to teach your toddlers! \ud83d\ude4b\u200d\u2640\ufe0f", "Very nice game I have ever played please download the game very good Songs are also available there .... .. ...", "so many options for all ages, love it!!", "Good for the baby. Baby quickly learned cause and effect with this.", "my daughter likes this \ud83d\ude00 i like it to espacially the groundhug game", "so fun and easy to use. children will love it", "a french version would be great thank you", "Very nice app for children.", "Very nice game my child is very happy", "very nice app..my kid love it", "easy to use for young children. fun interactive elements. love the app", "my daughter loves this program.", "My son love this app!", "glad of downloading this app, im also enjoying this :)", "very very nice game for kids", "Wow! What else could i ask for. This is very entertaining and helpful. I hope you could include more languages. But i'm satisfied!", "Muy bonito y f\u00e1cil para los beb\u00e9s", "hi i have this app installed in my android phone but however i would like to install the same app in my ipad for my toddler to access. is this app also supports ipad? what app is that?", "It's a good game for my son \ud83d\udc90Thank you", "easy, fun, simple app that lets you be creative while learning the basics of music and instruments.", "my son love it.", "Grad daughter loves it", "many games wow", "my duagther loves this games and how she can do it herself.", "he loves playing the pznio more lol", "Excellent App . All in one . Lot of things in one app . Thanks Developer", "best app for kids", "It's very easy to use and kiddos seem to love it!", "4 stars because of the ads", "good for my little sister", "awesome app awesome games", "my baby brother and baby sister like it", "very nice wonderful app. my kids enjoyed and have more fun.... \ud83d\ude0a", "Very nice game I love it", "very bad game", "My kids really having too much of fun with this app.. I love it", "I lov ethos app", "my kids like this app.", "my child lovesthis game", "seems easy to use and education for my almost 2 year old.", "stupid app", "it's very very useful. I liked it so much \ud83d\udd92\ud83d\udd92\ud83d\udd92\ud83d\udd92", "Lot of options to play with.", "my sister love it!!!she was like omg..........so nice app!\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07\ud83d\ude07", "l love this app", "my son love's it", "good for kids", "lots of fun and easy to learn", "My son is in love with this app... The music and the sounds of the animals and the transportation...", "super app", "Mudah dan selese", "great options. my little girl loves this ap. it is her favorite.", "very good and its Touching my twins", "excellent entertaining App for kids. Many apps in one. Great job!!", "amazing app \ud83d\ude0a\ud83d\ude0a", "fab app for learning for my 2 year old!!", "ok nice..", "my 2 year old daughter loves this app", "my granddaughter loves find all the different instrument", "goooddd app", "amazing app.. helped my child to learn sounds", "my son loves it. colorful and interactive. thank you", "i like its very useful little baby's \ud83d\udc76", "very good app for my baby to play \ud83d\udc76 \ud83d\udc67", "thanks a lot", "great for small kids", "granddaughter loves it", "it is good nd the kids are adjusting very well", "Super game for kids very challenging and creative", "Very nice n useful app for toddlers", "my baby is learning the abc in songs and music", "Skye \ud83d\ude0e5th", "My girls love this app so much.. \ud83d\ude0a", "so far looks great... see how little one gets on...", "my son really likes it,thanks", "great apps .my baby love it", "My 4 yr old enjoys the music and sounds.", "great for lil kids", "S\u00fcper", "my kid love it so much", "nice n very useful for kids", "excellent apl verry useful to choldrens", "It's really a very good app!", "my 10 month old loves this", "awesm app", "\u062c\u064a\u062f \u062c\u062f\u0627", "it sound wow", "Amazing! I love playing this! And I'm the parent!!!!", "excellent app \ud83d\udc4d thank you", "nice app", "my little girl loves it!!!", "thanks for this game \ud83d\udc4d I love it so much fun \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18", "my kid loves this app", "Very good for learning and entertaining", "Great for my kid!", "Love it. Very Educational \u2764", "super aap I love it", "my baby loves this app", "Very good game for children", "my kid loves it!", "Very nice and good game", "nice one for my kids", "ok good", "awesome for kids", "awesome app", "Good Game", "Good \ud83d\udc4d \ud83d\udc4d", "love love the game for my children", "I Like I love the game", "Waoo amazing for children.", "very nice app", "i. like. it"], "Bubble Shooter Space": ["I really like this app.. its very addictive, I finished the game in no time it sucks that theres only 1150 levels. There were a few glitches from time to time and the ads can br irritating", "Ok but the aiming system is not good on bounces. After level 100 it becomes \nthe equivalent of bursting bubble wrap. All the levels from the on are \npractically identical and can be won with as few as 2 balls.", "wow. after level 1150, the game just stops. no more levels. guess the designers and developers got bored. maybe one day they'll have better experiences and bonus mini games within the levels. not trying to be disrespectful, just saying.", "Like some other bubble games it has a bad aiming device. I'd play the game more if it had a longer aiming device and the fact there are no explosion things at the bottom of the screen doesn't help any.", "This is the best time killing App plus too addictive..... Highly recommended if you have spare time or you want to fresh or you are in tention.... This game makes our mind fresh to face our routine or challenging task to do....... Thanks developer.....", "I have been stuck on one level for almost 2 to 3months now I don't know why.The game seen to be blocked. Please unblock it I want to continue to higher levels.", "Really like this some levels are hard but you can beat them..also relaxing...and the aim is accurate. Periodically the color comes out wrong..but overall..very good!", "I think the is addictive which is a good thing...It keeps me booked. The only down-fall is that it takes LOTS of your battery. It makes you battery life extreamly short.", "i think that its a avoid boring game.. bcz when i am bored iplay this game.. but this not really good game.. just ok!", "Due to 2 Colors in one ball it's not easy to shoot the twin colour balls as it's quite tricky .....also extra moves provision should be there.", "It's basically a easy game that helps me tolerate the subway At times it can not give you a chance to win although you should work forit", "Very bad game. Not a very nice way to utilize time............ i wish i could give this disguisting game 0 stars", "asersefet pate along very heavy aim is ka lea my game is arcery my wondarful game Itis instracstin game but very instacstin game is pubg and gladitor true story game", "This game is very good butin satin times the levels is becoming hard bubbles are not more so completing level is very difficult ............! Other ways game is SUPERB", "Ive had a very bad experience with u guys ah its very bad. why ? Its very very bad. improve your game. I didnt enjoy it", "its a foolish game don't install this game.at first we can enjoy it but very Boer when we go to higher levels", "has anyone got past level 414 ive been on this level for ,3weeks I'm beginning to think is this game fixed", "Unfortunately the impossible level for me was Level 33. I would have enjoyed the game more if I could play more levels", "there are some steps which can not be passed,pls try by all means to make the game easy", "It's a good game ..but jis ball ki need hoti hai vo nai ati ..pls think about that ..ek stage maximum 2 days le jati hai ..", "JJ n\u00f1 m Okinawa the same no no it's only been you'll a o o possible from your NVR to good morning my TV and b b. Bhopal Bhubaneswa\u0153odo mo o", "Nice creativity. I thought it would not be nice but after playing only I have knew it's a wonderful game", "Generated colors are too random. Creates situations where shots are wasted looking for a usable color. Too much luck involved in a puzzle game", "I say to you that plz play this game it is really goood for me and i play this and for my this is opinion now this is your thought that you like game or not", "every level is like same, no different 1st label to a advance label. thanku", "Really love the game! But it seems to be slow in response time when you shoot the balls. I really enjoy the coloring.", "Great way to pass time but it's repetitive: each level has the exact same objective.", "The tracer doesn't go full length. (Hence) deleted", "Keep giving me ball has nothing to do with gane", "It helps u focus on one thing and it clears ur mind", "Horrible controls and boring in first shot.. Uninstalled in 2 tries", "Simple and challenging enough to be fun. Keeps me occupied when I'm waiting on people or things to happen", "I like the way this game loads quickly on my phone. The controls work smoothly, too.", "I think the game is really good but the only disadvantage is that you don't know when it will end", "It is the worst game in world.i hate when i reach at 100 level", "WISH MORE LEVELS WOULD COME. HURRY UP AD MAKE MORE LEVELS!!!!", "Way to many adds game is in a hurry to get to the adds then playing", "I think that 15 th level is more difficult to play", "I enjoy the game very much, but I hate the ads that keep popping up", "Too many ads...Breaks the flow and gets annoying.", "Kind OF GOOFY and amusing to kill a few minutes with", "ok but no more level after 1150 level", "This game is very useful game for children's beacoues this game with \ncolourful ball and children's development minds", "playing the bubble games are a great pass time for me and my wife", "If you ever start playing this game, you don't want to stop.", "Worst game ever , argue with the new job", "fun game the the aiming is a little bit hard at distance but otherwise good", "Too many ads useless game. I don't want to see this ads. stop ads", "maja nahi aata hai yaar is game me i have very bad expriance about this game", "The pointer comes up a little short but other than that it is tons of fun", "It's very interesting game i like it but pblem stages ends at 1500", "Nice game. And make it hard because it is easy to play", "I really loved it Amazing Amazing Amaaaaazing game Its fantastic and also \nfuntastic \u2764", "The aim sometimes has a mind of it's own and no bombs to help", "Most boring game I've ever played", "I just love it because its always warm my brain! Whenever I play it", "No bombs gives every bubble but color needed uninstall", "Best game n nice grapic i loved it v much..tq Developer", "Enjoyed playing this game and would definitely recommend to my friends and family.", "Very boring bcz all are same nothing new", "Ok but aiming aystem is not good", "it's toooo addictive every 5 minutes I'm trying to beat the next level", "Its a great game, simple but hard enough.", "I love the game very well, it let you learn more", "This game makes me happy keeps me busy i enjoy it very very much", "OK but the aiming saytem is not good", "It is Good enough but the twin colour ball is very difficult to shoot", "Too many adverts Some of them inappropriate for kids", "I love it bubble shoter space is the coolest bubble game ever!", "This game is not running in oppo a3s I am trying to play this game but its not playing", "Superb among both free and purchase games. Enjoy!!", "Wonderful every day every time App store in ready for the children.", "It is good except went the throw into the side.", "This is a very nice game We can play it offline", "I would give it 100 stars but ....! Very good game", "A good game I like it I want some more of it thank you", "It's okay tho , but levels are way to easy .", "Worst I have played till now", "Nothing but its a good game", "The same color balls are coming continuously need to improve that", "Just my mind be alert to play and enjoy your games.thank you.", "Addicting game. Its all i play. And good for the kids.", "It's a wonderful app nice graphics quick playing and l", "I think its the best game i enjoy most", "Its a bubble shoot will have u cultivated gir hours", "It's aa short time interesting game hve more interesting for beginners", "Hola I enjoy this app Whit my families", "Fun game! Has not froze up yet", "my experience it,s very interested and nice game.\u263a\ufe0f\u263a\ufe0f", "Nice game to pass time. Not boring at all", "it's a nice game. but way too many advertizements to be too enjoyable.", "nice game. I get myself busy playing while traveling in the bus.", "Completed all 1150 levels. Would love more levels.", "its a wonderful game. i enjoy playing it. it is a good way to utilize free time plus quite addictive. i like the game.", "Excellent game but only 1150 levels pls add levels", "Not. To much better but ok", "Difficulty level should be increased more", "This game is very useful to spent time and it is very good", "super graphic I will salute the who created this game I love you game", "Only time pass game not interested", "Luvly and interesting game to keep one busy", "I really love this game .thank u", "Some time it suddenly closes on its own", "This is the best time killing game my favorite game", "It's a technical game.i am enjoying Thanks", "It's not good nor it's not bad", "It's a very interesting game keeping the mind busy", "I think that;this game is a very great.", "It's a very nice game I like it", "too much useless adds are interupt the game", "Fantastic game good game to release tension of mind", "Fun game! Easy to control shooter!", "Too Fun To Stop Playing !", "I love this game it help me a lot when i gt bored", "I think this game is so delightful for me", "I just love this game it's amazing", "Its nice game. Am cool with it", "This game is time pass game for me but i loved it", "The aiming sucks but otherwise it is a good game", "Nice and good graphic games chase uppp", "All label completed. Very nice game.", "It relaxes after work!", "Think this game is super awesome enjoy playing it", "Not much of complex nor simple to play", "Its a gud game bt it is not linked wid FB..", "This game is good at all Interesting!!\u263a\u263a\u263a", "It a very challenging game ......I love it", "More level fast im waiting", "The best time pass killer game", "I so much like the game,it awsome", "Its the best luv it so much", "nice game for time pass... easy and fun", "Wonderful and keep you away from stress.", "The game the game was very interesting but the bomb is not available", "It,s good for timepass Nice to play", "Nice n keeps me busy n focus", "I don't know much about it", "I loved it very nice game", "I enjoy playing the game.", "worst game in my 25 year history", "love it !!!!! but a lot if adds", "This game is very interesting and straight forward", "Too much adds but the game is a time killer", "I like it but more leaval should be there", "Making me to spend my free time well", "nice game but why no. more. levels after 1150", "The game is fun exciting and amazing and challenging", "this is very bad game in the world.... 1 dislike", "Ma na game ka all leave complate ha", "Good game granth ha \ud83c\udde8\ud83c\uddee", "Am just addicted to it,, I love it\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude18", "all games par age continue to karne ke liye kya kre", "It is a good game it is become hard", "It's a fun game just to distress", "Worst game yet played", "Not so good game", "Im not played completely", "This suit for improve our Talent", "I think the game is so interesting", "I really appreciate the creator of this game", "matching only for those with low iq", "Fun to play. Love the graphics.", "The people who are playing it will be enjoying it", "1150 \u0915\u0940 \u0938\u094d\u091f\u0947\u091c \u0915\u0947 \u092c\u093e\u0926 \u0915\u094b\u0908 \u0938\u094d\u091f\u0947\u091c \u0928\u0939\u0940 \u092c\u095d\u0924\u0940 \u0939\u0948", "Cross the all levels but very bore game", "Is the best game ever played", "Future guff to the new.", "It's good .... I like it", "It's a nice attractive game", "It is super duper game i loved this game", "Awesome games yhank to the dev teams", "Very interesting exhilarating game.", "Easy to play and very interested.", "Thi game is good I liked this game", "Its very nice for time pass", "Its ok game Nice Ok", "Gamenya ok sih, cuma iklannya itu sgt mengganggu bagi sy", "Too short only 1500 games increase to more", "Very worst game cheating on this game", "This game is excellent. Thanks", "Awesome game. Stress buster", "Its awesome and very addictive", "It game is very wonderful", "Good game having fun", "nice game I like it", "This game is not intresting", "It's a gud mind freshening game", "\u0a95\u0aa1\u0ac0. \u0ab7\u0aa1\u0aaf\u0a82\u0aa4\u0acd\u0ab0 \u0a85\u0a82\u0a97\u0ac7 \u0aa3 . \u0ab7\u0aa1\u0ab5\u0ab5\u0aa2\u0a9c\u0aa3\u0aa2\u0ab9 \u0ab9 \u0aa0\u0ac7\u0ab0 \u0aa0\u0ac7\u0ab0. \u0a9f\u0ab6\u0aab\u0ab7\u0ab7\u0acb\u0ab7 \u0ab5\u0ab5\u0ab5\u0ab5\u0aa2\u0a9c\u0aa3\u0ab9 \u0aae\u0ab9", "Easy peasy. No brainer.", "It is a marfiagame really greate", "Too many ads disturb the peace", "I just found this game and I like it .", "I love this awesome game", "I love you this game", "I love the shooting game very much", "nice game for below fifteen years childran", "At the end, same clr bubble shoots", "It's very nice game \ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03\ud83d\ude03", "I think it's great", "This game sharpen up your memory"], "Scopa!": ["Great way to.learn Scopa. Nice graphics and sound. Options to use different decks. Only minor gripe is that it doesn't seem to remember a game in progress. Nevertheless a nice little app. Highly recommended.", "still don't understand how you score points but enjoying it, probably because I win most of the time.", "Very good game, ideal for children who need to better their maths skills", "Great one player game. And you can change settings. Good time spent. Even great for beginners. You can take your time. Fair play too.", "Ottima app, lo consiglio!", "love it because im half italian............... .", "Its Scopa! love the customization options", "Great Game, easy to play.", "great Italian card game", "Very good", "Great game", "Great game", "lots of fun", "8l", "Fun game.", "awesomeness", "Love to play this game.e at home and now on an app!", "Mint game Great to play", "Great game", "Its good to play but in the difficult game the other player won't take a seven when presented. A normal person would take it", "Can't set myself as starting player and computer always has at least one card at first draw !!", "Its. Funny I use to play with my dad", "Nice, but the cards are pretty tiny on my phone", "Molto piacevole...lotta fun!", "Great app, doesn't give hints so you actually get to play.", "Buon modo d'imparare Scopa", "I used to play cards with my Dad when I was young scopa was my favorite. Thanks", "The game is fun to play. I only wish it had a tutorial option.", "Mi piace molto,  \u00e8 buonissimo \ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\ude0e", "It is easy to play easily accessible and playable anywhere anytime!", "Enjoyed playing Scopa. Fun.", "This is an easy fun way to spend time in the doctors office.", "Perfect ...just like the real thing", "Good app to learn the learn the game", "Scooooooopa", "Bringing back memories", "Addicting", "Great game.", "It's great", "Great game", "Great game", "Nice", "Good", "As far as Cassino and Scopa go, you really can't beat this app (and I tried them all) - no glitchy accidental card plays and tons of customization from the table to the deck. There's a simple ad at the bottom, no full-screen ads... The designers got it right.", "Great game. However, I picked up a inappropriate Google ad that will not stop presenting at the end of the game. So I cannot play the game on PT.", "Nice game! No problems", "Love this game", "Great game!", "Quick and responsive", "Amazing", "Directions link is broken...but a great game to learn the rules.  Why does the computer get the high cards & 7 of diamonds 92.3% off the time?.... interesting how I updated feedback here about 3 months ago and that info had been eliminated.", "\u00c8 ridicolo vedere quante scope si possono fare in una sola partita", "I love playing. Get's my mind going.", "Solid game. A.I. could use some improvement. Easy to goad the game into setting you up for a scopa. Excellent overall", "Doesnt show u how to play but overall a great game works good", "Great game if you know how to play it.", "I played this millions of time and I love it", "Top game! Much better than the other Scopa apps", "I had fun playing Scopa!", "Challenging, all time great", "I love this game", "It has its flaws where it will repeat a card already been taken to gain a scopa. It also minors card hands on many occasions if it is behind in score to gain the advantage. Have logged cards drawn and taken to find a taken card has been restored and replaced another same value card to win.", "It doesn't have much polish. The text is small and off centered, the cards are placed randomly which proves to be annoying, and there are frequent ads which makes me expect the game to be good.", "the game is tilted to have the dealer, win more often.  Many times a card I put down is matched exactly.", "Works well and no problems what so ever.  Really glad I found thus app.", "Have always wanted to play this game. So far no problems works well.", "Great game, don't like the adds at the bottom,  they get in the way, and are distracting", "Clean ,no bugs ,great game", "But 7 of coins need call 7 BELL !!!! PLEASE CHANGE OTHERWISE I DELETED THE APP.", "Good game and graphics but rules link is dead.", "Just like the card game we play all the time!", "Not bad for a freebie.", "H", "Super appli", "Love it", "it is programmed that at times you win at times you lose. when it is your turn to win all the right cards come when time to lose worst cards or absolutely no way you can win..fixed. .its fun but not real.  no challenge", "Love this game it's a great way to pass the time however  when i close the game after playing for a while and restart it, it crashes and the data has to be cleared before it will play", "Additive game, i downloaded this when i first got introduced to the game and ive learnt a lot and its made me a better player", "My family and I love Scopa and now we can play it anywhere.", "Ok \ud83d\udc4c lovin this!", "Love playing this!", "Just like I used to play with my Nonno!", "Love the old cards", "BENESSIMO ! ! ! ! ! ! !", "Very good application", "I love it.", "Love it", "Only wish it linked ti my google play thingy to see my wins. \ud83d\ude15", "Not the rules I learned in Italy.  Jack should be higher that queen and 4 sevens is another point.", "This game let me practice andbknow more about the game scopa. It also teaches you how to play with three different types of cards. :)", "Love this game reminds me of my childhood days play with my mom and family", "Italiano Card Game", "Give it a go you will love it", "Really nice quick game", "Nice playing free game", "Awesome", "The best", "Love the game.", "12", "Awesome!", "Beautiful", "Fun", "I have played some other apps that I felt were cheating. I like this version a lot. It plays like a fair game.", "Good game cards could be easier to see. But fair you can win if you play right.", "Is easy and have a graphic very good", "Liked it", "When returning from another app to an active game, the Scopa medallion appears in top layer and doesn't go away until someone achieves Scopa. When returning to a completed game the app is unresponsive. Game play is good otherwise.", "Great user interface. Asked you to place the cards on the mat where you want them. The AI engine strategy is wonky. Often times I find myself asking \"why didn't it go for the sweep on the last round when it clearly had a six, or whatever\". The AI is easily beat even at \" difficult \", unlike other on...Full Review", "Misses picking '7 of coins' .  Also the other side often has the same cards making it easy to win. Not challenging enough.", "Bello ed impegnativo", "Great card game", "Fun. Fun. Fun.", "Has little mistakes. really misses true one on one game   program does not scopa even though it should and never goes for the coin cards", "Thanks", "Would have been 5 stars if it wasn't that at the end of the game the adds at the bottom don't allow me to go back to the main screen so I can't keep going with my match..you should review this and make sure the buttons would be out the adds area!!!", "Sometimes I think its rigged .. lol", "Loved it to the top", "I\"m half Italian and spent many happy summers playing this great game for real with my Italian family in Italy. This app is a great recreation of the original.", "Great representation of the real game. Wish I could link to other players via Bluetooth.", "Very fun . Thank u!\u00a1!\u00a1", "Easy to play!", "Great game that's better with the update. Love the four player format.  I have a Galaxy S4 and when you leave the app and come back to it the cards freeze up so you can't continue to play. The results screeen has been improved so you can see what each player got that round. My favorite scopa game in...Full Review", "I like the game play and the freedom on the table. If the game kept track of the individual scoring for each point I would give it 5 stars", "The one from whatapp heaps better until they  changed it This will do??!!! Enter numbers on cards remaining on deck. Countdown .", "I love this game.thanks my game teacher caruso ciro.gode bless you singor.", "Love this game.played it since i was a kid.", "When I tried to move a card on the board to see another it was blocking the game had me pick up cards as if the card I moved was thrown down by me. Pretty big glitch.", "Really slow graphics, even turned up. Rules don't work", "Did not win once .The computer wins. Has no directions on playing", "Looking for this a long time.", "scopa siciliana", "Like it", "Super"], "Cashman Casino - Free Slots Machines & Vegas Games": ["I LIKE THAT THE SLOTS ARE JUST LIKE YOU PLAY AT A CASINO AND THAT THERE ARE ALOT OF FREE COINS GIVEN EVERY 15 MINUTES. ALSO, I LIKE THAT THERE IS AN INSTANT AND TURBO BONUS ALONG WITH THE DAILY. I JUST WITH THE MULTIPLIER WOULD ONLY RESET ONCE DAILY, INSTEAD OF TWICE, BUT OVERALL THIS IS ABOUT THE B...Full Review", "great graphics, real slots, but pay outs are rigged a hell.. ive won 1 Grand jackpot had over 100 million coins.. then couldnt win anything for about two weeks.. all i so now is collect my coins from time to time and grt my 2-3 spins invand leave.. not the bsst unless you just want to look at slots", "out of all the slot Apps out there, this one is by far the stingiest and most tight. And this is from someone whose played this App for a year now. I've also played many of these slots in real life casinos and you'd actually hit much more often. Considering this doesn't even pay out real money, its ...Full Review", "No sense having if you don't get plays all about the coin packages. other apps have things your points too, hotel stays, food, shows this nothing then run out of coins I a hurry. Always shows people hitting jackpots how much money have they spent on coin packages.", "I have been playing this site just about every day for 3 years and never won a grand or major jackpot but it always shows plenty of other people winning huge jackpots all day long. Also, when I purchase coins they never last more than an hour. The machines are great though.", "Warning this app is designed for 1 purpose...TO TAKE YOUR MONEY! Graphics are nice but you cant play very long before it wants real money for fake coins. Read the response to comments like \"better luck next time\" and it \"plays like real casino\"...No it is not! Real casinos are regulated, real casino...Full Review", "If i could i would give it a zero star. Great graphic great games, only thing wrong is the payouts. Don't waste your money buying any coins here because it'll only take all your coins and make you purchase more and more while the games on here are so tight that it doesn't it pay out. Even the real c...Full Review", "I don't win often and get frustrated when day after day I can only play for a short while. I'm in a rwo week long slump of only being able to play about five minutes. I haven't gotten a bonus in days. I'm waiting for the time when it will pick up again because I really enjoy these games. Of all the ...Full Review", "Positive- All the casino slots I love to play , great graphics , and free bonus every 15mins. Negitive- I dont like the glitches I get everytime I'm about to get free games or the bonus. I find it very suspicious that everytime I buy coins I never hit a bonus and or free games whether I bet the lowe...Full Review", "negative experience. if you seek support they dont talk to you and do not send you your email bonus every day. havent been able to open link in email for 7 days wrote to support told there is no problem now i havent had emails for bonus last 2 days. great service NOT", "The game is great, only problem is the jackpot winner notifications makes the game l am playing skip. This causes the game to spin erratically making it jerky and frustrating to play. How do l turn off jackpot winner notifications? l don't care to know who wins the jackpot-l don't know these people....Full Review", "i have never hit a jackpot and i play day and night and see hundreds of people hitting them. you want me to be a vip show me jackpot wins. i play more hearts it shorts u when counting hearts. i play the buffalo game n never hit a jackpot. ur missions should be every 2 days. i finish mine on the firs...Full Review", "absolutely terrible slot app. it used to be decent, until recent tweaks to the app made features few and far between and payouts aweful. not worth it at all anymore. replying to your copy paste response. There is no doubt in my mind you have tweaked the odds to get people to spend more money on your...Full Review", "Very expensive to play. Really expensive! Free coins are equivalent to one pull. $50 bucks will let you play for about 3 hours (based on 4 different plays. RNG for this setup is very low payback. its not luck its a scam! how did they get this many 5 stars?", "I've played this game for a long time and I'm finally finished with it. 3 years of play and not a single big jackpot win. Just made my very last purchase here. 5 million in coins betting 45k a pull in multiple games and was broke in 5 minutes. You're much better served going to a real casino. Your o...Full Review", "I feel like you all should give out more credits. You can't expect some one to get a bonus of 15.000 and the spins are 10.000 to be able to play. I just don't think it's fair. you all game has a loading problem. it takes forever to load up.", "Never let's you get into the bonuses just sucks your coins dry to force you to buy coins which I refuse to do. the graphics are great but your game play sucks. you dont get bent over as much in Vegas in real money as you do in this sham. Graphic designers are awesome game play designers suck", "This game has hackers!!! I've been reporting this for two days... they're still on here stealing coins every two to three minutes yet product Madness won't suspend this account. don't understand it. contact me and I'll send proof. (screenshots)", "Nice variety of Aussie gaming machines, Perfect visuals and sounds as expected. Game play has its Ups n Downs.. Collecting Daily bonuses has issues on giving the lowest amount possible, Loading the App takes a bit of time, otherwise than that.. Good to play casually.", "Good app overall. you lose coins really fast. (so you can pay for more) but still a good app. WORST PART is if you are away from this app for a minute or two and try to start back playing you'll have to exit out and start the app over EVERY SINGLE TIME so it can update.", "This site is totally committed to taking your real money to buy coins. Why buy coins, one cannot win real money. The site like to send a teaser pop up to tap and collect free coins. But when one does, it say the link is not valid. I am not talking about the daily reward, turbo reward or instant rewa...Full Review", "Fun! They even have games that are at the casino on this app. So if you're losing at least it's not your real money! Just be careful with the \"MAX\" button right next to the spin button. I hit on accident and lost most of my money.", "I love playing your games, but i need somewhere to turn OFF notifications. The same ones keep popping up and at the wrong times. Everytime you should have whatever to come up, a winning notification will pop up and make the screen skip. This is really pissing me off. But really, the same ones over a...Full Review", "Right now is not a good time for me to rate your game. I've been giving a five star rating and can't understand why, other than being nice. It has great slots, but I never hit anything. I just went through 10 million coins and hit NOTHING.", "great games, usually smooth. Some bugs, lag, but mainly the jackpot notification, which lets you know when other people hit a jackpot, freezes my game mid spin when it pops up. super annoying and no way to shut them off. If PM added that option to this app it would raise ease of play a lot.", "cashman casino has become woeful. game takes far too long to load up then when it finally does the bonuses are miniscule and the pay rates laughable. seldom waste my time playing, keep giving it a chance but likely delete soon, lightning link is far superior. and yes ive regularly updated this but s...Full Review", "Application conveniently froze when I was about to receive a large payout. Waited for a ridiculous amount of time in hope for app to rectify itself to no avail. Of course when I restarted the app my winnings were not in the bank! Deleting this game now to play a more honest game. Bad form Aristocrat...Full Review", "good graphics and good amount of games. win rates are low along with pay. managed to hit a bonus and won 0. that's a first. figured the total play to around 21%. I see that the reply is the same for all in this situation, but apparently tons of people seem to have this \"run of bad luck\".", "great but have flaws or bugs. when you're spinning, the game freezes because it's showing you someone won a jackpot on another game. i hate that part. also it takes a long time to load when you first start playing and when you switch games. all in all it still be perfect without those issues", "the games are actually well engineered. you'll find many of the games you know from the casino near you. it's too bad the rewards weren't better. Of course none of the apps really \"pay\" the player though advertised that way. I think by July I will finally have enough credits to earn a Amazon card. Y...Full Review", "the game never let's you hit unless you buy coins. I've had more luck playing in a real casino this doesn't even let you play very long you lose your coins fast because it won't let you hit anything", "love the games .. pay outs are skimpy. no bonus and are rare . love all the games. but they want your money . i wont spend one cent. if i cant win with free coins i wont play with real money. and the hour and 12 hour bonus coin suck.. you wait for what ? 20,000 coins!!! please just keep your coins..", "I love this game but it freeze up sometimes. It all ways freeze up really bad when it shows you when someone wins a jackpot. It's still freezing. I would like more jackpots.", "can not get ahead. can not get bonus. takes back all the coins it gives and then tries to get you to buy more. I would rather go to a real casino and have small chance of winning than give this program money", "product madness claim that the games are supposed to play like the real ones, yet the payouts are different to the real ones.. wheres the gold pays 150 for 3 kings if you bet 100, yet on the game, you only get the same as your bet. needs improving to be like the real games!", "Very very slow when bring up app to play. Plus same way going from game to game. None of my other games are slow like this. This is main reason for uninstalling. Also not enough bonus or wins.", "i play Pompeii over and over and over, i have even bought coins to see if that changes anything, it dosent. i never win enough to play the bet for any of the jackpots. i only get to play the smallest bets. it doesn't get you anywhere, its supposed to be fun, for fun.. seems like the only thing its a...Full Review", "i really love the selection. it does take too long to load but i guess that just depends on what system you have. my biggest issue with this app. is when other people win jackpots it interrupts your gameplay and it glitches. other than than that I love this App.", "Horrible Bonuses!! The games are great. I have deleted and reinstalled several times, just because I like the games. This isn't a casino, we aren't taking your money- the bonuses could be lot better! I REFUSE to pay money to play slots on a computer. I'll probably delete for good this time.", "Unable to build up any coins. Love the game, but tired of not winning. I still feel the same. you need to LOOSEN up the slots some. I continue to refuse to buy coins. Would give lower if I could.continues to lose. can win on other slots, but not this one.", "this game lasted me 30min on a 10K bet. got bonus a few time but not so much on payout. for every 5 to to spin, it pays a little less than the bet until I ran out. i enjoyed it for 30 min. moving on to next app.. this app is greedy.", "I love this app. Thankyou. Just wish I could afford to buy coins more often.Still one of my favourite apps. Thankyou. I know this comment won't achieve anything, as I've read many reviews about the games crashing & freezing, & only comment is to report it elsewhere. Like the new games. Not crashing ...Full Review", "Worst app so far. I couldn't tell you how any games are because it crashes EVERYTIME I open it. Sometimes it wont but it will freeze and all of the slots will be blank with just the loading sign. I've tried to restart my phone, close the app, uninstall, and nothing is working. Do not waste your time...Full Review", "Be prepared to lose real money! As with Aristocrat in real casinos, the config files are exchanged to rip you off. Tired of losing to 'guest' subscribers.", "Game crashes too often, usually in the middle of a bonus round. Still lots of fun!! Used to buy credits to play but results were the same as not...just lost my money as well as the credits. Took me awhile, but I wised up. Still a very fun game; just let the daily credits add up until I can play at t...Full Review", "Hello my name is barry kidd i live in Gainesville fl and work as a chef and at the end of the end when i get home from cooking for 10 hour i enjoy laying down and playing slots to relax somtime i win sometimes u dont but its the experience and the fun in trying to hit the game one you know jackpot l...Full Review", "The creators want the game to mimic real casino slot games however in the real world you win money back. In this game it's just flat out take everything for minor enjoyment. I would avoid this slot game. The bonus wheel pays the minimum possible 90% of the time and the two additional bonuses also ga...Full Review", "came back to Cashman because I was promised $15,000,000. coins. don't fall for it. it's one of the worst casino games around. all games are tighter than any real casinos. they just want you to buy coins. it's a racket. I won't fall for it again.", "my experience is cashman is a RIP off never played games that hit so bad. take all your coins with very few hits and wants you to buy their coins which is another RIP off. Bunch of thieves", "UGH! sooo annoyed!! very nice game BUT everytime I get a link for free coins OR an email for 3 million free coins, I go in immediately, but then it says link expired or you are no longer eligble for this bonus?? such bull!!", "It has some of my favorite games. It allows winning often enough that I don't always have to buy coins to play.", "just played over 2 million coins on timberwolf and did not get one free spin!!! This game is getting rediculous to even want to play!!! i think im going to uninstall and find a different game because im not wasting anymore money on this POS game!!!!", "having a hard time when you flash someone winning a jackpot, the drop down message seems like it interfers with the soinning in my game. Really annoying. Otherwise, I love playing your game. Thanks.", "I love this game! it helps me kill time if i got to much on my hands. Keeps my mind busy. and gives me a goal of doing better than I did yesterday. I have a great time winning big Jackpots. I'm a winner!", "Do not waste your time. This app takes longer to load than it takes ti spend the ridiculously low daily bonus. The games are good, it is a shame that you cannot play them. I uninstalled before for the same reason, tried again with no change. I will not reinstall again.", "It's a great game with a casino like feel. Some things could be fixed like the skipping of the spins when alerts or given upon someone winning a jackpot. Other than that awesome gaming experience. Enjoying it daily.", "why would you guys advertise on the internet that if anybody was the download this app if they would win free money and when I mean free money I mean real money which is exactly what you all make it seem like that's not cool it's one thing if you're honest and say Hey look it says an app a gambling ...Full Review", "unistalling game as links thats claim to give free coins do not give any credits, poor payouts, poor bonus credits, takes forever to load games. Not happy with Cashman.", "The bonus wheel should allow you to win a jackpot sometimes. 20,000 on the bonus wheel is unfair. The other thing is the game doesnt allow you the game bonus too often.", "NOT ENOUGH WINNINGS! I AM GETTING REALLY BORED WITH THIS!! WHEN I PLAY A GAME I WANT TO BE ABLE TO PLAY LONG PERIODS OF TIME! YOU CANT IF YOU KEEP LOOSING!", "Restarting too frequently.back to casino then polishing every time I change games is annoying. otherwise all good .", "This is the best!!! All product madness games are genuine. Just wish you'd get a bonus when they ask to be rated lol as it's often and again today \ud83d\ude0a am happy to recommend", "I play on my phone. Get pop ups all the time. My controls only do the volume and 2 other things. Nothing to do with pop ups.", "Takes to long to get a bonus and when you finally get it, you barely get enough to continue to play. Also, no matter how many days I collect the free coins to bet high enough, I still don't get nothing. Thumbs down for Cashman Casio.", "The Games are Just like in the Casinos....and just as finicky! Gives you coins and then takes them back. I wish that when the NEW Games that come out, they would let you WIN a Jackpot just to see how that feels and then you wouldn't mine chasing that Jackpot again just like you'd do in the REAL Casi...Full Review", "Circulate games, more new game variety. Its the same old games day after day. At least add a new game once a month please", "some of the games are favorite. But u dont gice very good free play. That needs improvment.", "Great games! Lots of fun to play. But it takes FOREVER every time you leave one slot to go to the lobby! You wait over 30 seconds for the slots to load every single time. All the other casino apps I play are much faster. They need to speed things up here!", "instant reward you get $20.000 everytime min cost to play $10.000 turbo boost reward you get $20.000. joke of the century. dont bother using your data. very disappointing. you will never win.", "Good Game was just misled to the game as if it actually was a \"Pay\" slot game not a take good money sloot game. I'd give it a 3 and a half stars but that's not available so I'll just write it out. Other than that it's a fun slot game room. Just need to be more REWARDING to those who do keep coming b...Full Review", "I love this game,need a lot of big wins thank you\ud83d\ude03still waiting for one monster wins.\ud83d\ude0a Thank you I need more wins and big ones it's been a while since I've got one. I've been doing a lot better thanks \ud83d\ude42need more big wins and more often\ud83d\ude42\ud83d\udc4dI came back because I miss the game . I still need a lot o...Full Review", "enjoy playing but bonus wheel never gives high amount of coins. free spins not often and never give decent amounts of coin wins please change these issues. THANK you", "Would like to play longer with bigger pay please. Your game helps with my pain. One of my only enjoyment since my recreation is limited . More bonus rounds please. More wins please. Love this!Thank you.", "A MUST HAVE for all lovers of slots/casino apps! \ud83e\udd18\ud83c\udfb0\ud83d\ude01\ud83e\udd11\ud83d\ude01\ud83c\udfb0\ud83e\udd18 Absolutely Awesome app! Just download it now!\ud83d\udc4d Lots of different slot games to choose from + the majority of those slots produce a very good win:lose ratio > not like some of the other rip-off casino/slots apps out there!", "This app. Has ripped me off for millions of chips won during a bonus by freezing up before the bonus is finished so I don't get awarded any of the chips won.", "This game had a promising first start, and then after a few months and after I purchased packages, the game stopped any significant payouts. It is such a big dissapointment.", "I changed my review because the longer you play the lower your daily \nbonuses are. I love the games but never seem to get enough coins to enjoy \nthe games.", "Lately I am not able to receive free coins from the emails. Consistently getting the invalid link error message. Fix issue please. After 4 months still same issue with daily coins", "this game sucks, used to be fun but I no longer find enjoyment playing it. no bonuses, no jackpots, just takes your money then expects you to pay cash for more coins!", "money goes missing. don't bother. 14 million from my feature never showed up...", "I would give you less if I could. Total ripped off. Just lost 44 Million without getting Big Red ones. I will Uninstall all my games with you.", "I love it so far.dont win enough,lol, great game. Very entertaining. Best casino game, love it! Love it. Been playing for awhile now, still entertaining. Love this. great entertainment! I wanna win big, waiting. \ud83d\ude32\ud83d\ude0d\u2764love it still, very entertaining. I will keep playing. Could win big some more agai...Full Review", "best app ever lots of my favorite games that i play at the casino on here. the only thing i dislike is the amount of money the site gives to play could be much better other then that i love this app", "Really enjoy all the games on Cashman Casino, a five star rating for sure!! :-) Cashman Casino is my \"high five\".... for 2019 :-) Keep up the good work Cashman!!!! How can you not rate CASHMAN a 5 star rating???? I enjoy these slots daily.... HIGH 5!!!! :-)", "Of all the games, this is my favorite. I love playing this game this game. But it isn't a sustaining game. because it doesn't pay like it used to. I am on level 298 I think so'id know. Pete.", "When rolling in a jackpot it always lands on a small number. This should be different.", "I love Mr Cashman. I tried to cut him out of my life, but it is impossible. So I suppose my addiction will continue !!, I just love it !!! I am totally addicted !!", "Cushman Casino is my favorite and it's fun playing until all my coins are gone!!. My biggest complaint is the max bet is next to the spin button and I have hit it by mistake and lost all my coins. It would be better if you had to confirm the change thus giving you a chance to correct the mistake so ...Full Review", "I am sick of getting notifications for free coins and minutes later the link is no longer available. I have contacted support numerous times and have not gotten an answer to this problem.", "I've become so disheartened about playing here anymore. I love playing here but they Don't appreciate long time faithful customers. I'm trying to play but. . . .", "get emails with coin link but accept them and game says invalid so changing stars till email links are fixed to if you send it we can claim it not invaild. months ago sent in ticket ingame and no response so bad customer service", "You don't give enough free play and your money to buy coins ratio sucks. You don't get enough for the money you pay. I really enjoy playing these games but don't get enough coins to really enjoy the experience.", "Love the slots. So addictive. Coin gifts are great. I love the newly added games. the notifications are causing problems with my game. can they be turned off?", "how can you go through 10 million and not even when nothing at all what you want people to pay for this you make the game rigged and totally unenjoyable and it is a shame so you suck!!!!!!! @#$@...", "you can give me my f*** money back that just disappeared I'm reporting your ass I had about 4500000 mill up on coins after I crashed the daily bonus it took my bank roll I DEMAND IT BACK I BOUGHT A SHITLOAD OF COINS", "This is one of my best games. I love the different bonus games. Great graphics , always coming up with new games. Can't wait to see what's next. I'm at it again... this game is very addictive.", "I've been playing this Casino game for over 2 years now and I still enjoy playing it very much! It's like being \u00e0t the Casino for real! Loads of fun! Payouts are great and So are the bonuses!", "Enjoyed great bonuses. Like the updates. Nice variety of slotplay. Looking forward to new exciting games. Love the new EAGLE GAME. FANTASTIC! Love Wicked Winnings! lovin it! keep the games coming. Best game out here. Playing for years. Fun, fun, and more fun. Enjoying the new Craze slots! great new ...Full Review", "i left this app for 1 year thought id come back and try again but it hasn't changed 1 bit still a coin sucker cant win nothing went through 850 million without a bonus now im gunna delete app once and for all cheap ass game", "Love the games, but kind of expensive to play, but getting better. When daily coins come up I get no longer valid. Everyday!", "What is up with this game freezing up on bonuses, it really needs to be fixed, I have lost about 10 million points already, it's starting to get frustrating, please fix this and put the coins in my account", "I have always loved playing this app, but there have been daily problems with the honor rewards. I have not been able to get the additional player rewards! No matter how long or quick I reply to these rewards, I get a \"This is no longer available\". That's wrong!!! Just wrong!!!", "Awful! You win, but you don't ever see your balance. What fun is that?", "all these games on your phone all they want is your money they very rarely give you a chance to win you have to buy least two or three times at $10 a piece to even get a chance of winning anything and when you do want something you can play one game spend 500 times and still on window fans you get c...Full Review", "issues with trying to get the email bonus. keeps directing me to Google Play store \ud83d\ude1e", "not able to get ahead .always broke and tired of losing. Finding new games to play instead", "Sad really good games but impossible to win unless you buy credits guess this is just like a real casino just no way of winning your money back you spent.. very clever peeps", "I enjoy playing. But I do notice you are not always sending message to get additional free cash. Also don't like the idea of the was you TNT set up that you do not get the free spins.", "I enjoy the games. The start up and switching from game to game takes a long time. Thank you for making the credits numbers larger on Buffalo Stampede. I can read them now.", "Experience is good. Except I get daily coin notifications and when I go to use it it says the link is no longer valid. Other than that I enjoy playing the Cashman slots", "Great game sometimes I don't get the payout bonuses which sucks and the bonus wheel is very poor paying but the game itself is good costs alot!! of money to play this game with any satisfaction", "Love the games, need bigger wins and daily bonuses. Great stress reliever. The slots are hard to hit but the rewards are huge.", "great games but horrible payouts and no it is not a luck thing it is just bad at payouts. And even vegas slots payout better than this, hope they change this soon cause I for one will not be staying much longer. PS cashman when you reply to this please dont give the same scripted message about same ...Full Review", "I get a email about everyday for free points from Cashman which I really like but the last few months if its over a million points it always, ALWAYS tells me I'm too late to collect them. one day I tried to collect 3 min after I received it (it was for 3 million) and it still told me I was late. I'm...Full Review", "I'm stuck on it. I can't get off.", "slow loading on every device. doesnt give alot of free money even though there is a lot of opportunity", "Still my FAVORITE GAME APP!!!! Love the variety of games and the animation!! I play on other sites when I run out of coins but come back as soon as I have enough coins to play!!\ud83d\ude19\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18\ud83d\ude18", "Picked up for a few weeks now gone down hill again January 2019 and I can't play the game because I never win ANYTHING it's worse than the real pokies", "Supposed to unlock a certain game when you have a win  over 250000 but doesn't  do it - why bother! Disappointed Still buffalos not working after 250000 win Why", "what a rip off game... now rate it a 2 star", "Love the games but hate the continuous interruptions on the screen. Sometimes you have 3 to 4 drop downs showing you who won a Jackpot..who cares? It slows your screen and covers up what your trying to watch...never fails always during a Bonus play. Slots take FOREVER to load..and are slow to spin.....Full Review", "Good game, chips suck it gives chips of 10.000 to start hell that's one spin then you have to wait 15 minutes to get 20.000 that's only two spins lmao", "Great casino games. Not enough bonuses. Latency when spinning due to pop-ups.", "this game very rarely gives bonuses. Tried this game again and still no bonus games. This game is terrible!!!", "Bonus coins are always minimal, not even enough to play the game. Also the free coins that are given always seem to say \"no longer valid\" even when you except them immediatly after receiving the notification. To me it's a way to make you do an in-app purchase if you really want to play tbe game", "Its a great game but I never received the as promised free coins Im disappointed. Can i please receive even SOME of the as promised free coins.", "DISAPPOINTED. This game is simply tiring. You will never make points, you have to keep collecting every 15 minutes to play 4 times or you have to collect all day to play the next day, or you have to accumulate points until you double your points granted values. What they want is you to buy their poi...Full Review", "always take your points. the system is a rip off and should be taken off. play at your own risk as they will rip you off over and over again", "pretty sad when you get roped in after reading a fb article of people winning actual money then you install it just to read in the google play bio this reads \"This game is intended for an adult audience (21+) and does not offer \u2018real money gambling\u2019 or an opportunity to win real money or prizes. Pra...Full Review", "i love the game, but im tired of getting emails saying heres 5 million free coins...then ehen i click on it its an old expired link. been going on for a year. im unsubscribing.", "Exactly like casino machines except it's more openly rigged, ie, you will never hit the daily jackpot nor the ones that drop randomly or if you have choices from mini to super duper. ...you will get the mini each and every time! and if anyone is stupid enough to purchase coins when waiting a few min...Full Review", "love the assortment! BUT trying to win anything is very difficult. The amounts that are given on the home page are very low.", "I love the games however payouts can be very few and far between and purchases are far to expensive. I would like to see more rewards and interactive rewards scheme.", "Love the games. Been playing it daily, happy to say no more problems... love the graphics", "it was fun till I ran out of coins... Now I just go to collect so maybe by next week I'll be able to play again great games you just can never win enough money to keep playing", "Frist, I hope your all enjoy this free slots machines & vegas games bonus. I'ts just packed with some of most remarkable giveaway you have ever seen. I'm pleased to invite you to accept 10 x free spins & bonus giveaway.", "Bumped up my raiting as all the bugs weree fixed and is now my absolute favorite casino game!!", "i enjoy playing cashman but, i am disappointed with the lack of wins, especially if i (hard to get)get a bonus. im going to uninstall this game if my purchases dont allow me to win sometimes.", "this game got bad. dont download takes forever to load and payouts suck. cant contact support ..... VERY BAD", "What a joke all this game wonts is your money it don't pay out so why would u spend your hard earn money on this and get nothing in return it is bull how thay wont your money I will tack my money to a reall casino and try for reall money sorry but that is what I think", "If i wanted the REAL experience i would go play the real thing daily rewards are so bad you could save for a week and be over in 5mins doing min bets", "love, love, love, playing cashman casino. I have become a night owl because once I start playing I can't stop. Thanks for the daily bonus coins.", "I really enjoy the games I just hate that almost every time you collect your bonus it's either 10,000 or 20,000 coins never higher.", "never in my life have I played a game that has cost me a fortune and hardly any wins won't be spending my money anymore on this ripoff", "Lol fun. Something to to keep me occupied and look forward to. At least if i don't win something in real life i know i won something on here.", "Once you advance so many levels you should be able to get more bonus coins with a multiplier. Other than that I think the game is fun.", "Not enough coins and it's hard to get the bonus when someone wins big it shows up on my slot snd messes up my spin. when you get the free spin wheel for the day they need to make it hire then the 20 thousand. it rediculis never got over 300 k been playing for over a year.", "good game but wish I could play on these games longer than 15 min a day", "Start of game loads slow. Game is very addictive. Thanks for the entertainment\u2757\ud83d\udc9e\ud83d\udc95\ud83d\udc9e", "when you make alot of none wants to give points they just start to eat up all your winnings, does not hit anything just eat up points", "You bonus link come up, you click on it right away and it tells you it has expired. Has done this more than 5 times. Lost at least $60K each time!", "Ghanks for responding to my review the other day. I'm aware of the 3 hour chip giveaways. those $30,,000 in chips you gave me lasted three spins. Today i was able to spin 6 times and you guys gave me 4 pop up ads to purchase coins. Fun!", "I like the changes made to Cashman recently. Cashman is definitely one of my favorite casinos now!", "0. Promoter must be short on funds. Win big, takes it right away. spent too much on game. Great graphics and games but set too difficult.", "Pathetic. Actually worse than playing the real pokies. Should demand a refund for wasted data usage.", "dont win long loading time game totally suck is mot worth your time installing", "horrible app they keep terrorizing my phone with adds and i dont even have the app installed", "like the games but so much hesitation and always the game kicks out and you have to start again. takes a long time for the game to load", "well i dont understand i put lots of money in the game and it takes it quick it makes me wanna quiet putting money in the game its very rude to take it quick cause im very poor.. can you do something about this??", "I see alot of other reviews and we all have the same problem with the \nlightning rounds press and hold feature....please fix", "They needs To give you more coins or lower the bets when they give you 20 k that is 2 spins", "Daily bonuses be increased by minimum to 100 thousand coz most games minimum bets of 10 thousand and you have to wait 18 hours. Thank you.", "I have been playing this game for a long time just won 8,000,000 coins and didn't recieve them please fix thankyou", "waste of money. save your money for vegas. vegas has better odds of winning.", "I cant give a written response to your games, I have been in the game for, aprox, 30 min. I want to try some other games. Thank You, Dan \ud83d\ude0b\ud83d\ude0e.", "This app is actually alot of fun , so far enjoying all the slots they have available stay tunned to see if i might be the next big jackpot cash winner .Feeling Lucky .....", "i hate this game been playing it for 2 years now have never gotten the jackpot ever on the wheel, you spend all that money to get a x4 or x5 and it always seems to give the smallest prize possible, poor effort", "I like this game but you lose the coins too fast. i have brought coins mutiple times. Each time they only last a hour. yall need to fix that. I understand being like a real casino but if you pay you want to play.", "Bs. said I would get 1million free coins when connecting my facebook account and I didn't receive any", "Fun fun and win lots of coins. The more you play the more you want to win. Very addictive and will keep you up all hours of the night because all you want to do is keep on playing and winning. Many games to choose from. This by far is the best game ever.", "No fun. Not enough coins to even spin 4 times.what is the point?", "I still give it two stars the machines rarely give u the bonus board , and if ur lucky to find one to hit u ran out of coins to play a bigger bet.", "Worst app I have ever used, had million credits logged off logged back on lost the lot.", "was better for awhile but now it back to the way it was. not much fun anymore", "So many choices! So hard to decide \u2661 Just won big again!", "Love this. Just wish I could win more. This site let's me play more than some, though! I would give ten stars if I could!", "not a good game it doesn't give u alot of coins.im not going to play this game anymore", "pay out bad my problem i lost round about 30 million with my email i get no S. email bonus not working", "Best Slots machine and FREE Casino games ever!! AWESOME PAYOUTS! CAN PLAY FOR HOURS! SUPER ADDICTIVE!THANK YOU CASHMAN!", "Loading is slow. Why do I care about someone else hitting a Grand Jackpot? The popups are annoying!", "thanks for letting me play for 3 days, I had 49 million and now I have 1 million!", "It cost to much to buy more coins and I'm tired of getting a bonus then it not giving it to me", "cool games. only issue is that the winner banners that continue to pop up interrupts your winning spins.", "frustrated with daily bonus. get same thing every day", "Dont bother I unistalled it in few hours. Had no play money to have fun with. game has annoying purchase ads and should make smaller amounts to play so we can play longer. No payouts or larger play money bonuses. Scums not getting my money", "do not play the leprechauns . I have lost 3 large amounts of coins (in the millions).very disappointing.", "It is getting to difficult to win Large to medium jackpots. If I can't win even those, why play?", "This game sucks...I put like $50 bucks into this game and got nothing back. It just sucked all the coins and didnt even get any free spins nor bonus and even if I wait for the free coins every 15 minutes it gives you 20k coins...which is only 2 spins. This game will suck your money up. Even the real...Full Review", "Great graphics very addictive great graphics great graphics very addicting bonuses are very generous and come quite often recommend it to anyone", "It's a fun slot program. So far with the initial coins provided by the house I've only made more. Great way to take a break from the daily grind.", "Cashman has all my favorites except petting zoo. Hope you add it. Enchanted is still my favorite. machines are hitting better than ever. High Five! Still paying off. Too much fun", "Enjoyable but winnings are few and far between I'm pleased that I haven't paid to play or I would not plat at all.", "Love you Mr cashman. Just wish i didnt lose my coins so fast so I could play with you more. been winning more. Very happy. Having fun fun fun.!!!! Just have to add two words. THE BEST!!!!! P.S. ***** 5 STARS!!!!!!!!!!!!", "this game is ridiculous, 83,000,000 coins lost in less than an hour, money grubbing app don't down load", "Really dont like the bonus announcements in the corner extremely annoying I'm not getting email bonus.", "Once you buy they won't let you hit any bonus rounds, even if you are a good customer! Go to real casino you will get more play time for your money.", "exciting games! stingy with jackpots!", "these games are so slow from one to the next. does not let you win enough. the rewards are minimal.", "poor game loading up slow", "does not pay off very good but sure wwants you to buy more."], "Arcaea - New Dimension Rhythm Game": ["Honestly a great game. One of my favorite mobile rythym games ever. The air notes are hard to get used to when they're halfway in the air, and its harder to play when you use thumbs instead of index fingers, a phone instead of a tablet, and hold up that phone with your hands instead of setting it on...Full Review", "Absolutely one of the best mobile rhythm games out there. Looks can be deceiving, this game is far more than just a mobile Sound Voltex clone. 3D lasers and notes in the sky provide ample depth in the charts, and the music selection is fantastic. This easily stands up with the best rhythm game on mo...Full Review", "Paywall. If you want to play a FREE download game you have to drop like $7cad just to do any sort of game play. Would rather just buy a game then spend money to play in a free game. spent a good 15minutes looking to see if there were free songs. there are none. controls and graphics are nice tho.", "Very cool game. But it does this thing sometimes where it doesn't register notes for a few seconds causing major loss in scores", "Best rhythm game on the market. I absolutely fell in love with it. The song selection is great and the game mechanics feel really unique. Also i really like the collabd with all the other rhythm games. All the extra songs really add to the experience.", "A really good game, great music, nice interface. The downside is sometimes the chart is really hard and there's no back button implemented", "So after changing my SELinux status to permissive I was finally able to run this game. I have it installed on my iPhone too. Love the game. Wished the story was illustrated with more care. So this may catch up to Cytus.", "i honestly really love the game but the xp you get isnt worth the wait and everything is locked behind a pay wall", "man the game are really good but it requires a lot of money I really wanna play the +9 until 10 level (future)", "I like this game but can I ask you something, is there another way to exit from the game except pressing the home button, please give the answer, I'll give you five star", "I like this game because its like osu but on mobile. however, having to unlock songs takes forever.", "I can't play anything now. Everything became buyable and nothing is for free anymore.", "this game is fun i really love the graphics and controller", "great music and a unique note mechanic that is fun to play.", "I'll love it but it's little bit hard for me", "good game .I am enjoying it", "i love the game only if we could download the songs form this game its a masterpiecs", "One of the best rhythm games on mobile", "viri gud man day", "i like the rythm theme its enjoyable it is fun to play.. moreover its10/10", "Best rhythm game yet", "Best music game ever!!!!!", "Very good rythem game, it features a really good idea", "a bit hard to know when notes arrived", "great app", "very good", "nice game", "love it", "good", "good", "This game is in a class of it's own. For someone like me who is a major fan of rhythm based games, ie DJ Max and Girls Band Party, I like the addition of sky notes. It adds a little extra challenge to any game difficulty. I'm playing this game on a Samsung Galaxy S8 and it plays wonderfully. If you ...Full Review", "it was cute and fun in the beginning, but got boring fast when i realised I had to play the same few songs over and over and over and over and over again to progress... The songs weren't very challenging either which meant I 100% them every time... boring and repetitive, probably more fun later on a...Full Review", "Great game overall I really love it. But the offset is really high and the offset for some songs aren't standardized (eg. Dandelion). Also needs a retry button on the results screen. Both issues fixed so max stars now", "the gameplay is 5/5, music also 5/5, but I had some trouble with my purchase and the developer helped me out. I put 4/5 because I had to wait for a long time (5 days to almost 2 weeks til I get my refund) till the developer replied my email but since took care of the problem that means they are resp...Full Review", "It's a great game! I like the control you have over the note speed and offset, I like how there's no ADS (god bless you), but I do have some complaints... I think the difficulty could ease in a little more to the hard songs, it seems too sudden to be playing Fairytale to Axium Chrisis... you know? T...Full Review", "Its good!! Pls add more songs on the packs because it's too expensive for just 5-6 songs. on memory achive just give songs to those who has bought a song so that it will be fair for them. Pls. add more songs to the Luminous Sky!!", "Purgatorium (Future), play it just like in hell \ud83d\ude02. How can someone in world ranking could play it and achieve 1000000++ score? Is they are cheating? I just wonder how..", "really good rythem game. Although reinstalling the game will reset your fragments and highscores despite being logged in. Input offset in a recent update has also been very inconsistent and makes it pretty much imposible to get pure memories now.", "The first rhythm game I've ever played for more than 15 minutes, and it's so fun!! the songs are great, the art is beautiful, menus are easy to navigate, and it's not nearly as difficult to play as Voez or even Piano Tiles. I would love to see more metal songs like Purgatorium, but besides that, the...Full Review", "So far so nice. But all my fragments lost and unlocked songs are now locked again after I transfer my account to a new device. Lucky that I don't needed to complete world mode again, what I need is just fragments. LOL Anyway the game is quite good and musics are awesome, like it !", "I really like this game so much! But I hope that all Main Story Chapters are Free and the Side stories and Collabs. aren't. I will be happy if you guys did that. But I also want you guys to do Collab. with Cytus!", "Great game. It's just that when I reinstalled this on my new device, I can't play it anymore, seems to be stuck on \"Connecting to Google Play account\" loading circle. Playing on S7 Edge.", "It's really fun and challenging, especially the anomaly songs, there are lots of partners, and some fun and challenging skills.", "I've only played two songs so far and my impression is already that it's incredibly fun. It's like Reflec Beat-cross-Sound Voltex and I am loving it.", "Pretty One Of The Best Rhythm Games Out There. And I Love The Quality And The SONGS!!! This Game Makes Me End Up Buying Other Packs.", "there are times when I cant press any long sky notes edit: after i updated the app i lost 800 fragments that i tried to save so i can open some lvls in world mode", "Definitely the best rhythm game I've ever played. The intuitive gameplay and great songs combine for one of the most enjoyable mobile gaming experiences I've ever had. I absolutely reccomend this game.", "Its the best game ive ever play. And Best was not just enough! Thank You For creating theses extremely AMAZING game.", "Thw new update made it way too hard.I cant even het 5%", "I haven't played much of this game, but I can tell that you'll know if you like it, and there's nothing to lose from trying it.", "So far, my experience with this game was amazing! The music and the atmosphere is so calming. It makes you want to play more! Good Job!", "The game is good but can we get memories through playing the game pls because i want to unlock song packs.", "Its a very pretty, unique and good rythm game. If you like games like cytus, you should deffo check this out.", "some annoyances with the interface, but I love the game itself", "I've been waiting so long for a mobile rhythm game like this! Reminds me so much of Sound Voltex!", "i like the game but somehow I can't reset my pass account", "pls add 16:10 aspect ratio support umu", "Fun game, I'd definitely recommend this game to people who are interested in OSU, or other rhythmic games. \ud83d\udc9e", "Great graphics and love the soundtracks. Overall, a very fun, yet calmimg, game to pass the time!", "finally I Completed that god dam Griveous lady chart", "Arcaea is a mesmerizing and beautiful experience and I recommend this game for anyone who has spare time.", "wow this is too much for someone like me", "This is what a AAA game should be like", "i suggest to you improve the music sound because the sound heard like remix so better improve the sound more", "a very good well optimized rythem game that I can enjoy, good job developers!!!!", "Everything about this game is absolutely beautiful! from the art to Ui it is very worthwhile to play", "10/10 Tokyo Ghoul's openings", "padu beb!!!", "u will not be bored if u have this kind of game!", "very fun better than piano tiles i love this game", "cool but later that game the levels will be very hard", "Ahhhhhhh kimochi Gg", "I love to play this, I think this is the rythim game ever", "It just..feels so smooth? the whole experience", "Sightly different from most rythm games which is good.", "It's better than piano tiles 2", "very good but have to pay for songs", "i really like this game 5 stars for me", "It's gor", "Nice App....Hope can upload anime songs to it..", "i like it \u2764\ud83d\udc39", "A very fun game!", "xuxu beleza", "Gamenya Mahal", "good gameplay, easy controls", "Great game, would recommend it", "It's A Good Game", "great rhythm music to play", "its really good for now", "Best music game ever", "great nice challenging game", "nice musical game!", "nice graphic and best song", "Best music online game", "I love it sooo much", "nice and difficult", "Nice music!", "Fun game!", "love it master piece", "Best rythm game", "\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d\ud83d\udc4d", "This game is cool", "fantastic. love it", "nc", "it's so fun", "\ud83d\ude0d", "Good game", "good game", "its unique", "fun experience", "good game", "amazing game", "Fun! :)", "Awesome", "best", "good", "excellent", "good", "I don't hate this game but there are alot of songs that we need to buy and no shops like you can buy something using your fragments or something. It's just unfair for me.", "hey arcaea team can we get an option for double tapping pause button to pause instead of only tapping it once because my ring finger keeps accidentally hitting it and that's really annoying..thanks a lot", "Ita really A Nice And Good Arcade Game ... I Really Love it ... But I Really Want To Suggest to you ... Can You Make A Apk Of this Game that can be Played all songs in The Past 1 and Present 4 ? Even the songs in Future 7 Is connot be played but still can you make a Update on this game ?", "amazing! its challenging, fun, and suoer addictive. you do have to pay alot, but other then that i love it! would recommend if you have the money.\u2665\ufe0f\ud83d\udc9f", "Came here cause of artists like Kobaryo and of course Laur. I just started but I'm hoping to see more artists from the HARDCORE TANO*C circle come in here, love the music whoever is in it", "I love it because of the sky line or something. And it's better than piano tiles", "mantap jiwa game ini dah.... demen sama lagu2nya... demen bgt sama note2nya... pokoknya mantap jiwaw", "it's such a catchy game and there's good songs", "phenomenal experiences with no lag 10/10", "I like the song", "a new generation of games i like it thats is the type of games i enjoe it", "great sounds great gameplay great graphics", "so fun to play and love the music", "Best rhythm game.", "Could you please make the space below the lower line clickable please? I'm having trouble clicking the notes. Idk if you need what device im using but ill put it anyway, im using a OnePlus 6T.", "ehhh i think something is Wrong, I Don't Often Write Reviews. but this time I must to write, bcause the heck where are all my song that I open with fragments? I used to play this game a long time ago and i started enjoyed it, playing world get fragment and reward to open some songs, but now when I w...Full Review", "The game itself is definitely fun, but there is one problem I have, Memories. If you don't know what memories are, they're a virual currency that lets you unlock certain things. As the only way you can get them is paying, some things are stuck behind a paywall. The part that I am completely against ...Full Review", "I love this game and I know that just like every other it needs to bring money to it's creaters but seriously.... only one free pack. That's just crull! I understand that you need money but at least make memories hard to get and not only payed.", "Holy balls! Best rhythm game out there, can't believe how intense and how involved I am in the music, the music are well done as well, god, the ambience! Great game just, wow! props to the developers for making such a bombastic game!", "The music in this game are phenomenal, really puts anime into a more immervise experience, paying for songs is done right here and the best part of this app its free relaxing and very responsive, kuros to the devs for making such an awesome game", "DON'T BUY THE EXTENSIONS . I'm pretty good at rhythm games but even I think the extrnsion songs at high levels are impossible and bring 0 fun . Waste of your money, play this for free and do not feel the need to purchase anything cus if u do you will be as dissapointmet as me that you did not get an...Full Review", "I spent 5 bucks to get memories and it didn't give them but it took my money, please give me my memories or return my 5 bucks -_- Edit: it gave me my memories so I will be giving the game 5 stars as it deserves :^)", "Along with Cytus, this became a quick favorite of mine. The gameplay is refreshing and the graphics are simply stunning. Good work, you guys!", "fun game, top notes confusing at first bit u get used to it", "It's a great game with a cool concept, the problem is that you need to pay for a lot (almost all) of the songs in there.", "Fun and easy to kill time. Honestly so much easier than holding a handheld for my rhythm games", "Pretty fun, sometimes going across the screen hurts my fingers. Especially cause I have pretty short ones.", "This game has so many songs and almost unlimited features!", "Best music game I have ever player . I wonder why this game has only 500 thousand download.", "Its a good rythm game i tried bangdream but i am liking this much more", "Man, this leech to much money", "literally the best rhythm game for mobile I've ever downloaded", "So far it's good hope to be able to get more into it", "it's actually quite good, overall it's just a basic rythem game", "Love the game it helps me train my Reaction time", "reminds me of sdvx", "nice combination mmorpg and music , great job !", "Great game add more features in future updates", "really fun game with easy buttons and great music", "The Best Game And Experience Ever!", "i enjoy the game so much keep it up", "best rhythm game I've played", "Great game. Good tutorial XD", "Really good Rythem Game. Love it", "pretty fun, not gonna lie.", "Amazing better than song tiles", "Amazing game, easy to unsderstand :)", "God Damn", "I love the music collection \ud83d\ude00\ud83d\ude00", "Candescent game. great!!!", "love this game :3", "cool game!", "the game is awesome.", "awesomeeee", "amazing gameplay", "good as osu", "i love this gameplay", "good\ud83d\udc4c\ud83d\udc4c", "is cool", "love it", "love it \ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d\ud83d\ude0d", "Really love the game. But not reallly suitable for small-medium phones... some of the 9+ difficulties forces you to cross fingers or thumb(if u using thumb) and that is almost impossible to do if u using small phone.... so consider that before you buy any hard locked songs", "the game's good, but I'll have to reinstall ot another time because it takes up so much space and I don't have a spare micro sd card at the moment. I don't know if my progress is saved, but it doesn't really matter", "The offset changes every time I play. Even I haven't quit the game and play next track immediately will notice the sync with audio shift a little bit, and getting all early/late make me angry. Why publish a music game can't keep the audio sync with the notes? Don't force me to buy an iOS device just...Full Review", "I like the game it's really fun although... It seems impossible to play some levels with just your thumbs and it doesn't tell you how this game should be played (thumbs or with four fingers) I know some pros would just mix it up but not everyone is pro in fact most people aren't and it'd a bit unfai...Full Review", "Didn't regret buying all the songs. This game is just really fun and challenging. Really there's nothing else to say other than keep it up.", "Good game loved it. It didn't fail or stop working like some app s do. 10/10 100% Great job.", "Getting songs at first are a bit annoying but once you get the hang of it, there's no problems.", "Damn! This is the best rhythm game i ever played. Adding some music from artist like Sakuzyo, Xi, LeaF, and other or collabs with other rhythm game would be nice", "Lowiro... Please fix the bug on android devices.. When you touch the arcs the games can't recognize the input.. Its freaking frustrating please fix it ASAP", "I think its a great game, never really been the one who go around writting review but check this out if you like rhythm game.", "i played it for a few hours, now i have a headache, my brain is working again!\ud83d\ude00", "why can't i log in into this game?? i dont get it. it was so fun until i can't log in into this game anymore. i've tried reinstall the game and it remain the same. why??", "This is a best Game ever but why there is no free log in memories Why Arcaea That's Unfortunate And Its not easy to unlocking Song Why!\ud83d\ude23\ud83d\ude25 ?!", "It's a good rhythm game. What more can I say? It's like the lovechild of SDVX and CHUNITHM.", "It's fun but the cost for unlocking songs can be preeeeetty steep. Otherwise I'm enjoying the game so far.", "Its cute and its got great songs to play but i have one problem almost everything cost memories but its a good game i recommend getting it.", "There is a problem that I must set the offset every time before a song.", "The piano style of playing the notes is wierd, but interest also.", "So far so good the gameplay and music blend in nicely. I'm looking forward to more content.", "Terrible UI. Game play is OK but the UI is very bad", "The Game is fairly fun the only issue is that it's fairly hard to gain songs"]}